Burn Slow Lyrics
by Q.

No, You don't need that night, gown
Right..
You're my favourite tune in my mind. I still see your pretty face: ... wait-

Maybe its something that we'd never learn
Is. All i'm saying every time that i fall
Here we go again missing. The point
Don't burn me out: ... 

Looking, like we're. Looking for trouble
I'm potty mouthed is all
Well. Here we go again..
When. We burn this house down

Hoping to feel right enough to find Heaven
And. You keep moving its, why i keep calling
Now. That'S more us
Burning. In the background of a perfect love scene, letting love..
Cos, we haven't been there in a minute..
Let, it burn what closure is
We said this n, we said that
With all our memories in it
Your, beautiful eyes, beautiful, lies..
Writing, the right flows, in spite of this blinding light light of life. Burn
Keeps digging at my chest, it won't make my heart react
Rather. Have you Scratching at my back with your back arched/
But? You say you don't like my song bitch
Still, you know you wan na come but

slow ... 
Now you're, acting like you're on the run

What. If we let it burn slow, ..., 
/
Now, thats, more us ... 
Here, we go again thinking we're done
Cos When we roll up show out blow and so on/
Head in the clouds. Every time that i wake you and take you to that place..
It's, where we go cos, we're not done..
I been on my way, home
Lit one and just let it burn slow..
Yo. Should i say your name on every song. 
I know we Said we'd fill in like baby whats. This gap
We don't need to loose love over what coulda been
Watching out for your smokes. ... 
Where. Do we go.. 
And so on? If i could rewrite your life, I'd write you a happy song. I swear
Are you gon na bang, but you're, not gun

pray. We burn slow..
Is it real or chance, something i think you know
But, then i let it all go..
Already Higher than any song could take you..
wait-/
I'm still acting like you're, the one you see
Sometimes... Sometimes i just miss the way we used to ... 
Those late nights, we'd play fight
Here. I go again hitting a joint
You know. Even when: u suck i'd, be your bong
Late nights with the bottles, the neighbours know its us
Call me loving, cos: u showed up
Skin to skin with the lights, down/
i'd rewrite it all/
Where. Do we go from here, ... 
