a;My gun heavy way, you was banned away
a;Soon as you catch a couple hoes, use a man of faith
b;Snitching, you know how many mother fuckers got the head blown down for
c;snitching
c;Stress me, you ain't convincing
d;And this to be the same club, you can't…
d;And little be the same blood, you can't...
e;Doctor bills don't play, they spend it

e;All you're giving now
f;Keep that thing making now bouncing about the club
e;Who want ladies is living now
g;Make it where this mother fucker, they don't come back!
g;Make it where this mother fucker wear a big hat!

h;Scary niggas shoot with their eyes closed
i;Me I got killers, no blinking, just coke on their nostrils
i;If you ain't with us, you consider this hostile
j;…I ain't talking about cascos
k;Whatever you can bet it, where your gun is on, let it
k;I've been riding dirty way before… and said it
l;Chasing at the club, throwing cheers at ‘em
l;Bitches just throwing benz at ‘em
l;Shout in, jump off the stairs at ‘em

m;All you're giving now
n;Keep that thing making now bouncing about the club
m;Who want ladies is living now
o;Make it where this mother fucker, they don't come back!
o;Make it where this mother fucker wear a big hat!

p;When it's on nigga, I don't care how you rock
p;I shoot it up till the property value drop
q;You used to play gun defence, now you're fly
r;Morals, principles, should I ball you out?
s;Enough... Better send the word to the monkeys
s;…like me in a third world country
t;Head guns, govern the issue, we still banging them
t;As soon as he sitting the passenger seat, strangulate them!

u;All you're giving now
v;Keep that thing making now bouncing about the club
u;Who want ladies is living now
w;Make it where this mother fucker, they don't come back!
w;Make it where this mother fucker wear a big hat!

w;Make it where this mother fucker don't come back
w;Six feet deep where my gun's at
x;This is… little dudes… cop
y;Come from the spot, with them niggas to get you…
z;Yeah, life's a bitch, so I'm fucking up
aa;Every day you never gave a fuck about a fuck boy anyway

ab;All you're giving now
ac;Keep that thing making now bouncing about the club
ab;Who want ladies is living now
ad;Make it where this mother fucker, they don't come back!
ad;Make it where this mother fucker wear a big hat!

