#FFF Lyrics
by Rumor.


Fans friends and followers, Fans friends and followers.
Fans friends and followers.
Hash tag triple-f you know the business.
Fans friends and followers, Fans friends and followers.
Fans friends and followers, Fans friends and followers.
Fans friends and followers, Fans friends and followers.
Fans friends and followers, Fans friends and followers.

Yeah! Been a long ride, nothing like that limousine.
So I gave'em jams and they gave me their bread ever since.
Ow man I'm like bro man I'm just trying to get some sammiches.
Nobody's gon stop me no martin no nemesis.
Maybe I have to re-iterate my speech.
Y'all just chill, y'all should take your seats.
I braced myself for the game you can check my teeth.
I don't kiss toes I will never taste defeat.
My dream's tryna elude me, I'm making sure I follow her.
I'm gon get my Juice not those ones who wear the yarmulke.
Who say this is deep, man I'll tell'em this is shallower.
I'm hollering hello to the fans friends and followers.
I am in my zone and this is all I ever hear.
They say Rumor you too hot get the hell up outta here.
You can keep watching the throne while I make one out of a chair.
I tell you this is my time so you can all watch me this year.
Never followed the rules, I hit below the belt.
Ironically if you swallow your pride you'll never be full of yourself.

You can all follow my steps you'll see that I'm moving in stealth.
You call life a female dog I never once did hear her yelp.
I'm a light to the darkness in case you didn't notice.
And I let it shine before men so you can see the roaches.
This is not a gimmick or some sort of hocus-pocus.
Man I'm tryna make a difference as the end fast approaches.

You are why I do it.
I do it, I do it.
I do it, I do it.
Hash tag triple-f you know the business.

Rumor.

You know what I'm saying.
You know we ain't playing.
Man I put my heart in so it's not just entertainment.
I'm on the road to success, I see Y'all on the pavement.
I've been underground for so long I feel like a cavemen.

