#polygamy Lyrics
by WordPlay T.JAY.


All my people love it. How are they this into me?
Hmm--Cause its probably where I'm finna be.
That boy on stage that the bad girls came to see.
\--Call it pound polygamy.
Yeah, if is where you wanna be.
Girl grab ya girlfriend and then follow me x2.

Girl you know u baaaaad, uh where you sheep at.
I mean sleep at, thought it when I peeped that.
You can tweet that, got like 14 bars.
Lets grab a drank cause I know you parched.
TeamOTM and you know I start.
Me and a couple of my niggas bout to go real far.
You can be my queen if you play your cards.
I'm talking about diamonds for the queen of my heart.
But back to the subject hanging like a mullet.
Taking things over the top like a muffin.
All the temptation is sort of like I'm Ruffin.
If you see that man whack then gone and Beebe Bluff him.
Where his money at? Faking on his dummy act.
Empty out my pockets &amp; I'll show you where the mummies at.
People used to think I was on my Doug Funny act.
Now I got chips to get out where its sunny at.

I kill tracks--usually with no rebirth.
Serial the truth and murder within the loops.
That's a God given talent, asking what would T.Jay do.
Seeing I'm the truth from Cal to Atlanta fool.
And I'm rare like a couple white girls with booty too.
When it comes to hits trust me I make a few.
This time around I'm giving you something new.
Coming clever with a new style, move it like a luau.
Watching me blow up, tick tock, BOOYOW.
On my future shit must be on the lookout.
Euros--My Niggas--Twitter--Few pounds.
Don't think I write enough, check the record.
I can't hear the hate its pardon that I beckon.
Get out the way I continue with the wrecking.
Put my chess up, you play them checkers.

Y'all be over there &amp; over here we fresh to death x3.
We needing much more cause we're taking nothing less.
Naw it ain't over coming back like Jehovah.
Looking at my loose leaf I'm about to turn it over.
Put it on the mic then perform it at my shows.
Like the fastest chick at school everybody yelling “HO”!
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 Aiight!
So many fans I'm about to be alright.
First outer space yeah I'm Russian with my fly.
Watch my highlights and man I'm super bright.
We're working we ain't feeling what you want to be.
This is spring &amp; summer rap watching all the greenery.
I hope they feeling you--I know they're feeling me.
Cause all my people down to ride pound polygamy.

