#SameTeam Lyrics
by Swoope.


What I'm finna quit for 
You see me living like a king, 
It's, still 116 bruh 
Oh Lord Working for the same team. 
I think I need a adlib from Diddy 
Cause I'ma. Take that each and every city 
Homie I'ma, take that take that 
Homie I'ma. Take that take that 
Homie I'ma take that take that 
Homie I'ma. Take that take that 
Homie I'ma. Take that take that 
I think I need a ad-lib from Diddy 
Cause I'ma. Take that to each and every city, homie I'ma, ... 
 
Lecrae sell a million records 
And. My name don't get mentioned in the review. 
It, don't matter get the W 
Cause, even players on the bench get rings too 
Way deep is what the crew is. 
On, the same team all runnin' the same play 
So. You need to check your motives if you're doin' this 
If, you was mad. Andy sold 28k 
Takin' away from the mission 
All this division, don't add up 
It all equals dissension. 
You. Ask me: that's bad math bruh 
So yeah, I'm on Collision, but really I am indifferent. 
If you 116 and independent 
No you, king livin', junkie, dream itchin', 
Humble, coffee bean, sippin' 
Long as the mission and the team don't seem different, 
 
Take that take that 
Core. So tight can't break that break. That 
Might find me and the squad cliqued up in yo' city, 
Preachin', truth yeah. We show em' where the faith at 
Man. What the deal is. We show where the real is 
Am. I brother's keeper 
We pass around that good-good, but I ain't talkin' reefer 
And. We on and we ain't never goin' off, 
We gon'. Do it like this till we gone 
Tell, em' young boy, looka. Here 
Folk, you got ta man up 
Trap hard. When you pressin' in the zone 
And, I ain't talkin' kitchen 
And, we pitchin' and we givin' you. The mission 
That He gave us when He put us on 
This real life boy more than a song 
Live here like kings till he call us home 
Hol' up 
 
What, I'm finna quit for 
You, see me living like a king, 
It's, still 116 bruh 
Oh Lord Workin' for the same team 
I think I need a adlib from Diddy 
Cause Imma. Take that to each and every city. 
Homie I'ma. Take that take that 
Homie I'ma. Take that take that 
Homie I'ma. Take that take that 
Homie I'ma. Take that take that 
Homie I'ma. Take that take that 
I think I need a ad-lib from Diddy 
Cause Imma take that to each and every city, homie I'ma 
 
Unashamed of the name 
Run it back. I stay the same 
Recognize united game man 
Cause, I can remind tell em I ain't quittin' bro 
Man ain't, what I'm livin' for 
Where they go. That'S where I go. That'S how it go like every time, 
Take it to the places where they say this isn't for you 
But, then. Maybe they complacent 
Stay inside the fortress, where it's safest, 
Cause outside these walls. They say it's really dangerous 
Homie. I believe'em 
That's. Why I'm out here ridin' for the people 
Tell'em, where I be at when they need me, 
You ain't got ta. Be me 
Or! Do something different tryna beat me 
You sayin', it's insane to run my lane. Like Usain 
So, you sling around my name through the mud. 
But you playin' all these games. 
The truth, man, everybody in their body, is invited 
Cause. They follow where you walkin' 
Or talkin', how you talkin' 
I ain't runnin' from this thing cause this thing: ain't for the runnin' 
Man. I call it like. I see it referee, it 
All things to all men, I'm tryna, be it 
If, I'm 1-1-6, then that mean I'm on mission 
And. He orders every lil' step Bobby Brown New Edition 
But, who woulda thought where I went: woulda cause division, 
How, coulda, Humble Beast: tryna reach 
Where, they be bring the beats. 
Honestly could receive all this grief and cause a collision, my God 
No for real, my God. 
Give me clear sight just to live. How you are 
God knows. I want that for sure. 
Everything whole life hope he give it to me. 
Please know where you be isn't where he has me. Has me 
But. It'S still same team, same team, 
 
What, I'm finna quit for 
You, see me livin', like a king, 
It's, still 116 bruh 
Oh Lord workin', for the same team. 
I think I need a adlib from Diddy 
Cause I'ma. Take that each and every city 
Homie I'ma. Take that take that 
Homie I'ma take that take that 
Homie I'ma. Take that take that 
Homie I'ma. Take that take that 
Homie I'ma. Take that take that 
I think I need a ad-lib from Diddy 
Cause I'ma take that to each and every city, homie I'ma ... 
 
Humble, as a mumble in the jungles of shouts and screams 
Diggin' tunnels under a stampede, beast 
Okay-kay keep prayin' for the grace. 
We stay cold, but never freeze, 
Like water at four-four, blap-blap degrees, fahrenheit 
Where was I dare. If I share a terabyte, we don't care if you verified
, 
Your. Lil' branch is just a fraction in the middle of a grain of sand, 
Or the hand of a master crafter of sand castles with the passion, 
Imagine decapitatin' dragons 
We are just a vapor on paper on another vapor of a microcosm 
Of, a remnant of minions runnin'. Like Kenyans, like Obama, 
In repentance to the Father, 
Better warn the town. The beast is loose. 
And you on the same team. If the dreams from the same king 
If it floats from the same stream 
If it don't, then it's gangrene, 
 
Give a junkie, a inch. He take it a mile 
Give a junkie, a dream: he takin''em out 
With the power of a catalyst cattlin' sheep through the wild 
I hear'em wolfin', but the Lion King is keepin''em down. Heh 

I love to think the victory is keepin'. The smile 
In, the face of devious mischievous dundee crocodiles, 
We done playin' with you, dummies domination is now 
It's'bout. A hundred hooligans, 
All saved all serious 
Hootie-who want it with the crusade militia, men 
Valid with the villages, get down or lay down 
See. Nor hear nor speak. No evil, that's how we play now. 
Our Father come down from heaven. That'S how we pray now, 
Son of God, Son of man, 
Rah-rah Yahweh, now 
Anyway you wan na, do it. We could do it 
Who the truest of the tribe 
Swoope. You ain't ever lie. We on the same team, 
 
What, I'm finna quit for 
You, see me living like a king, 
It's, still 116 bruh 
Oh Lord Working for the same team. 
I think I need a adlib from Diddy 
Cause I'ma. Take that each and every city 
Homie I'ma, take that take that 
Homie I'ma. Take that take that 
Homie I'ma. Take that take that 
Homie I'ma. Take that take that 
Homie I'ma. Take that take that 
I think I need a ad-lib from Diddy 
Cause I'ma. Take that to each and every city, homie I'ma, ..., 
 
