#SameTeam (Remix) Lyrics
by Swoope.


What I'm finna quit for 
You see me living like a king, 
It's, still 1-1-6 bruh 
Oh Lord working for the same team 
I think I need a ad-lib from Diddy 
Cause Imma. Take that to each and every city, 
Homie Imma. Take that take that 
I think I need a ad-lib from Diddy 
Cause Imma. Take that to each and every city, homie Imma, 
 
Lecrae sell a million records 
And. My name don't get mentioned in the review. 
It, don't matter get the W 
Cause, even players on the bench get rings too 
Way deep is what the crew is. 
On, the same team all running the same play 
So. You need to check your motives. If you're doing this 
If, you was mad. Andy sold 28k. Ah, 
Taking away from the mission 
All this division, don't add up 
It all equals dissension. 
Ya'. Ask me: that's bad math bruh 
So yeah, I'm on Collision, but really I am indifferent. 
If, you 116 and independent 
No. You, King livin', junkie, dream itchin', 
Humble, coffee bean, sippin' 
Long as the mission and the team don't seem different 
 
Humble Beast is a piece of a piece 
Like, a finger missing, little
little Richard 
With, the scream, but it's singing kinda simple, with the keys 
Kinda tripping playin' Notes 
Trying to listen. Can you hear it 
Oh? You don't cause your ear's with your feet, 
Kinda different when the body ain't complete, huh, 
What's the difference. If the body don't compete, huh 
That's, a team picture 
IG it. When you see us 
 
I just follow my marching orders 
Beg. Your pardon 
Tell me how I went from dead to pardoned 
Don't. Tell me how to testify: 
I'm a wretch with an extra life 
That's, how I continue 
Word to JGivens Bienvenue 
I'm killin', everything on the menu 
That's same team 
Grab, a utensil we eat 
 
What, I'm finna quit for 
You, see me living like a king, 
It's still 1-1-6, though 
Oh Lord Welcome to the same team, 
I think I need a ad-lib from Diddy 
Cause Imma. Take that to each and every city, 
Homie Imma. Take that take that 
I think I need a ad-lib from Diddy 
Cause Imma. Take that to each and every city. Homie Imma 
 
Humble as a mumble in the jungle of shouts and screams 
Digging tunnels under a stampede, beast 
Okay-kay, keep praying for the grace we stay cold, but never freeze, 
Like water at four-four, blap-blap degrees, 
Uhhh fahrenheit. Where was I dare? If I share a terabyte 
We, don't care if you verified 
Your lil' brand is just a fraction 
In the middle of a grain of sand, 
Or the hand of a master crafter of sand, castles 
With, the passion. Imagine decapitating dragons 
We are just a vapor on paper on another vapor of a microcosm of a remnant. Of
Minions 
Running like Kenyans, like Obama, 
Irrepentance to the Father, 
Better, warn the town. The beast is loose: 
And you on the same team, 
If the dreams from the same king 
If. It floats from the same stream 
If it don't. Then it's gangrene, 
 
I think I kinda feel it. No competition 
Smelling, like team spirit, Nirvana 
No Cobain. We blow brains when they ain't wan na hear it 
Same team we cliqued up now 
40 deep, won't switch up, ha 
I stay two to the left and one to the right 
Got the kings ridin' with me when we take it to the mic 
Comin' from the Bottom of the map and they're know we're comin' 
Unashamed shawty cause, I ain't afraid to show it 
If, it's southern California, or it's dirty, dirty Dallas, 
Keep, it slappin' in the Bay dog. You know we got ta, shout it. 
 Got ta switch it up like gang sign, speak 
We. Take it all over every place. I be 
We, bring it to the church, 
But, don't hate on me. 
Cause every now and then you got ta, show ID 
I beast 
 
Oh! Look who they let out. The cage 
They ain't wan na hear it from a kid underage 
Said. He tryna get plates 
Give the boy. A little grace, 
I'm tryna, be the light-skinned Puerto Rican, MLK 
With a little bit a Dilla and a little bit of Lupe 
From, the Cooday straight from a runaway slave 
Now, I'm free with a fee. That'S already been paid, 
Give the boy a little grace: 
1-1-6 give'em. 16, ate 16 
Had a dream. Now, I'm 18 
Give'em 8 bars 
66. We a problem 
Get a solved for your number gain 
Working for the same team 
Why we tryna floss. When we all got the same gleam, 
They say the sheep's: gettin' lost 
A mirage for the cause cause the sound's getting mainstream. Uh 
 
