$12.50 Lyrics
by Viro the Virus.

I hear people saying.
Getting ready for.
They getting ready for.

The root of all evil, ruler of all people.
Green paper with a picture of a bald eagle.
And the head of a dead pres.
Unless you got bread, you can't be well fed.
You can't even scramble an egg.
So watch me  ?  while I land in the bed.
Some say others gamble instead.
But chasing paper's a race you run.
'Til you reach the land of the dead.
And it's a new dawn, I need some new coin.
And some new bills, I've got overdue bills.
Baby needs a case of Huggies.
Basically I need to make a way to make some money.
It's no mystery, that's what makes the world go ‘round.
So either go ‘round with it or get dizzy.
So I hit the studio and get busy.
Sell the CD for $12.50, nigga!

I hear people saying.
Getting ready for.
They getting ready for.

What's worst than no money in your purse?
Well no dough in the wallet that's in your pocket.
So I hit the stage and rock it.
Do it for the love but still can't forget the profit.
Now the snow grindin' pretty ricky.
I'm on a fast track to stacks and big willy.
‘Cause my prepaid cellphone is silly.
Got me pinching pennies and minutes and  ? ?
And really and I know that you feel me.
‘Cause everyone I pass needs cash.
I ain't the only one who got Comcast on his ass.
Gotta think “Should I buy this drink, I ain't got no gas?”.
Picking out who I'm gonna ask.
Sick of being down to my last.
So I put it down in the lab.
Make a hit swiftly.
Sell the CD for $12.50, biatch!

I hear people saying.
Getting ready for.
They getting ready for.

I dedicate this album to my daughter's college fund.
Need to sell enough of these so I can start one.
So by the time she's 18 I'd have made enough green.
That my baby don't gotta borrow from your son.
That's my plan and I'll be damned.
If I avoid it no matter how many doors were slammed.
In my face, or how many windows were closed.
I'm a go and get this dough by any means it takes.
You go through all of your adult life in debt.
Stressed to the limit living cheque to cheque.
That's why: free time I think up.
All these plans to gear up and stick up a Brinks truck.
Full steam ahead with no breaks.
No sunny days ahead with no cake.
So come and hit it with me.
Then we can split it.
And you can spend it on my CD.
It's $12.50, feel me?

I hear people saying.
Getting ready for.
They getting ready for.

