'96 Knicks Lyrics
by World's Fair.


This is it  for the chip.
We go out swinging before we can ever quit.
Clear the bench  catch a.
tech.
It's like Miami and the Knicks, '96.

Cody B. Ware.
Define synergy, divine energy.
In my prime like Nas in '95 but.
I'm down to ride on my enemy.
You ain't down to ride? Well you better be, better get a vibe, get a better me.
Never let her mind, never let a dime, never let a rhyme get ahead of me.
That just ain't in my pedigree, this song still hurts til I hit the hearse.
Dope man that saved yo mystery as we'll go down in history.
That world's fair, that Queens shit, that New York, that dream shit.
That all-star, that team shit, the kings stacks in yo queen bitch.

'96 Knicks and I'm feelin like.
Houston fresh off the bench, with.
them clutch, 3 pointers.
Got some weed for my consumption, shows from Queens to London.
Got them fans screamin lyrics that I wrote in my apartment.
After every show they be screamin for an encore.
They jumpin off of shit, God I'm thinkin it's parkour.
In a foreign car, Testarosa dreamin.

World's Fair! World's Fair!

We haven't got what we earned.
How you gon tell us that the World's Fair, World's Fair.
And now we getting some burn.
And now they screamin out the World's Fair, World's Fair.

It's off the books this year, look at this here.
We getting mad money on computer desk chairs.
We ain't new but this is ludicrous, how far that we got.
We still record on the block with those that must've forgot.
The only handout that I'm takin is a coupon, get yo group on.
So hot up in the club I'm gonna take my shoes off.
When all said and done it's gonna be my scene reppin.
My heart is colder than Wesson vivisection Section.

Mind of a master, never minding the master.
Still a bachelor, 6 degrees to separate the feelings captured.
I ain't gon tell you, waste my time or my year.
I just do it, and when it happens look at you like yea.
I'm light years ahead of you, might see us but the coast is clear.
Who I'm supposed to fear? Flow like supernovas solar flare.
Sneaking through the back just to see us front and center.
World's Fair starting line-up, dim the lights down when we enter.

