'97 Till Infinity Lyrics
by Antonym.

'97 TILL INFINITY.

'97 Til Infinity.
I strive for who I intend to be.
Unlike these other rappers they're just Anions.
Negative Energy!
I'm not about vibes that collide.
Kill you if you kill mine see you on the other side.
Maybe by then you'll know the truth.
You putting AK47's to the culture like its a hostage.
One more song bout money and pussy bitch I'da lost it.
Filled up the bathtub with the cold fosset.
And I ain't dissing anybody that's great.
Its just that copy pasting copy cats is something I can't relate to.
And meanwhile I'm doing it my own way, got my own flow.
My own beats, my own heat, I'm making way for a new day.
Fell in love with music since the cassette.
It's Antonym to all ya'll don't you ever forget.

If you make a million chances are you'll make another.
In these hard times grip hard to your mother.
Cuz you can get it all and then loose it all back.
Since 97 I been on my attack mode.

97 til death til the grave full.
Til then cut off loose ends don't get tangled.
Reposition the angle of my sniper.
Kill all these blonde bitches taking shots and being hyper.
Hipster rappers rapping of their fucking typewriters.
“I wear super skinny jeans and my rhymes are even tighter”.
Not to many find the jewels in the ground.
Truffle finding dogs don't bite, If I'da eaten my veggies.
And drank my soup imagine the height I'd be at.
I coulda robbed the robbers who robed me in a fight and I'd win that.
Lookin for luck good wheel of fortune fuckin right I spin that.
I win that, spin spin get dizzy room with no corners.
Neighbours lookin at us like a bunch of foreigners.
Cross the border of my mind state thats 51.
Smuggling illegal thoughts make it over then see me run.

97 Til tomorrow afternoon.
Monkey does tricks so clap for the baboon.
Who knows if the moon gonna fall.
Keep a clip striped for the tip off in my drawls.
Draw drew sketches of my dreams.
Robot mobs with laser beams, I keep the taser clean.
Til the major sees me.
How could you not feel the beats that I produce.
How can you say the opposite of what you conclude.
We so fucked up leaning too obtuse.
From my angle they messed up.
Actors getting dressed up.
Easy rappers is something we need less of.
You look like a compilation of best of's.
Americas home video laugh at em go ahead while I try.

