'Bout It Lyrics
by Yung Joc.

{*whispered: Shhhh... Kwame did it*}.

Yuh, y'all know what it is.
It's your homey Yung Joc man.
Block Entertainment.
Bad Boy South.
Ay Kwame!
You hear 'em fizzle boy, let's go!
Step up.

You think you know me but you, have no idea.
Act like you 'bout it, well let me put this in yo' ear.
If you really 'bout it, do it like a boss like you don't care.
If you 'bout it, I don't doubt it.
Show me that you sho' nuff 'bout it, 'bout it.

Yung Joc.
I get mine off top, cause a hustler don't stop.
If your girl don't chew then my name ain't Joc.
The money don't flip then the block ain't hot.
If she don't scream your name, then your game just shot.
I gotta couple reasons you can call me the boss.
I'll drop a couple stacks and watch your ass get lost.
Now Joc a real bet, shorty best believe that.
If you ain't ride or die, bring them car keys back.
Take your foot off the brake, baby gon' ride out.
If them suckers wanna hate, put 'em in time out.
I get that cake and you'll soon find out.
If you ever cross me you'll get crossed out.

Interlude: 3LW.
I've seen it before, and I'm runnin no more.
Come and catch up with me baby don't stop.
Get to the floor, what'chu waitin for.
Cause we can ride the beat straight to the top.
You waitin too long, and now it's my time.
To show 'em all that it's not a game.
Cause I don't care what I'm lookin like, I just gotta show you that.
I'm not goin no-where.

Yung Joc.
I'ma get rich, or I'ma die tryin.
I ain't 50 Cent, but respect my mind.
Respect my gangster, respect my shine.
Put your click in check if you step outta line.
I ain't Kanye but I been Through the Wire.
Couple mo' albums befo' I retire.
Most of these rappers ain't nuttin but liars.
Holla 'bout they killers when they sing in the choir.
Straight from the bottom and I'm tryin to get higher.
Too many strikes, got too many priors.
Messin with us like playin with fire.
Get your wig split, time to meet your messiah.

Interlude.

3LW.
Oooooh, now I've been walkin up this road.
Tryin to find which way to go.
Frown upon my face.
Sometimes it seems like I don't know.
Now I got a chance to touch what seems right to me.
And the answer's right in front of me.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yes it is, yeah~!

