(Re)Introduction Lyrics
by Ty Infinite.


I am back!
It's been a while.
We on.

I'ma tell them like I told you, go fool.
Follow your dreams, we never act like we're supposed to.
You gon' keep fronting, never be something.
I'm a beast, bumping Cheeze cruising in the street.
In a Deep humming, a song that you probably don't know.
Four deep out in Pungo, we never go slow.
Scooping up the ladies, puffing trees in a four-door.
Popo creeping all up on us like a homo, no bro.
I don't fuck with y'all, catch me right above the law.
If I was hated you would never hear from me at all.
We elevated, my girl's hand out.
And I'ma get a little faded, we stand out, let's go.

N-Debt &amp; Ty Infinite.
You all will go and tell me that you know me.
When you really don't.
And I'ma make you hate me 'till you get the fucking memo.
I swear it's nothing personal, I just fucking hate you.
I just fucking hate you.
And if you got some shit to say, say it to my face bro.

I've had it, past it, over all the bullshit.
How many times I gotta say it? Fools listen.
I'm doing me, doing this, so screw what you say or think.
Haters, I am proving it today.
Until I'm topping Hop charts, motherfuckers I'll charge.
Like I'm ramming dodging cars though I'm a lion on the heart.
Fuck it, roll some weed up to bring the peace bruh.
'Till I'm sitting there stoned.
Thinking about all the friends I've known.
Turned acquaintances, no it is not a joke.
Sometimes I wish it was though.
But damn I'm gold with how it all turned out.
Fakes got dropped and marked my words now.
My official first vow is to chase these dreams.
Erase these fiends.
Reiterate these things 'till my face deems clean.
And if my rage seems tea it makes me me.
So brace knees please, time to raise these wings.

You all will go and tell me that you know me.
When you really don't, no, none of you.
And I'ma make you hate me 'till you get the fucking memo.
That's right forever.
I swear it's nothing personal, I just fucking hate you.
I swear, I promise.
And if you got some shit to say, say it to my face bro.
Cause I am right here.

