0 to 100 (Remix) Lyrics
by Yungen.


Yeah.
I'm gonna say whatever comes to my head.
Don't take offence.

Look, I don't roll with no weirdos.
I don't link no ratchets.
My young boy throws the hits.
And yeah it's long if he backs it.
Bare girl in the club she's bi, goes uni and does gymnastics.
Bought her friend round it's a new era.
I had to show her the hatrick.
There was three in the bed and the lightie said to the brown one go.
lower.
Laid down the ting then I looked at them.
Don't make me waste my boner.
She don't really like alcohol but she don't mind a Corona.
I took a backseat.
Yeah they got drive but they ain't got nothing to chauffeur.
I had mashes ask Spar before I could boil a potato.
Did my first link up at 19 ? ina Range Rove.
Had to lay low for real shit change clothes.
That girl called Lorraine from E3, the first chick to give me a rainbow.

Oh.
I heard they asking if I make doe.
I probably got your little brother on a pay roll.
I wear this Chris Brown screaming hoes ain't loyal.
Got my hand where you thought she had her halo.
Yeah I'm a neek but they'll slap you if I say so.
Man I'm really from the block like J-Lo.
Driving round in the whip banging PARTYNEXTDOOR.
It's either that or that new Jhene Aiko.
Spent my days in the south on a fuckery doe.
Old school you might of seen man at country show.
I had the freshest tracksuits them huaraches with the strap.
But believe me that didn't come from mummy's doe.
I beat the girls on the timin' that they rate.
They'll probably say it's just the fame.
It's either that or they gon' say a nigga lie.
Then I'll start naming some names like.

Nia what's good, Amez what's good.
Sarah what's good, Tara what's good.
Amarnz what's good, Wyfa what's good.
It's better I say it or the fucking block would.

But all of that was before I had a missus.
Who's your girl Yungs? nigga mind your business.
I'm on tour middle finger to the critics.
Like I hope I see you niggas at the finish man.
I'm still out here, yeah it's getting long.
But how can I quit crying when the road pays.
These days you might find me with Krept and Konan.
And I was bangin' them from the phone days like.
I make a boy run miles, when I'm with my mandem.
Two guns up like styles, you should of caught a bus instead.

I go 0 to a 1000 nigga real quick, real quick.
Whole squad on that hill shit.
0 to a 1000 nigga real quick, real quick.
Whole squad on that hill shit.

