0-100 (Freestyle) Lyrics
by Yungen.


Yeah 
I'm gon na say whatever comes to my head: 
Don't take offence, 
 
Look, I don't roll with no weirdos 
I, don't link no ratchets 
My young boy throws the hits 
And yeah it's long. If he backs it. 
Bare girl in the club, she's bi, goes uni and does gymnastics 
Bought her friend round it's a new era. 
I had to show her. The hatrick 
There was three in the bed and the lightie said to the brown ting go lower, 
They done a ting and I looked at them. 
Don'T make me waste my boner 
She, don't really like alcohol, but she don't mind. A Corona 
I took a backseat 
Yeah. They got drive, but they ain't got nothing to chauffeur. 
I had mashes ask Spar before I could boil a potato 
Did. My first link up at 19 up ina Range Rove 
Done, the dirt had to lay low for real shit change clothes, 
That girl called Lorraine from E3, the first chick to give me a rainbow 
 
Oh 
I heard they asking. If I make doe 
I, probably got your little brother on a pay, roll 
I wear this Chris Brown screaming hoes ain't, loyal 
Got, my hand where you thought she had her halo 
Yeah, I'm a neek but they'll slap. You if I say so, 
Man, I'm really from the block like J-Lo 
Driving round in the whip, banging PARTYNEXTDOOR 
It's either that or that new Jhene Aiko 
Spent my days in the south on a fuckery doe, 
Old school, you might of seen man at country show 
I Had the freshest tracksuits them huaraches with the strap 
But believe me that didn't come from mummy's dough 
I beat the girls on the timin' that they rate 
They'll, probably say it's just the fame 
It's either that or they gon' say a nigga lying 
Then I'll start naming Some names like 
 
Nia, what's good Amez, what's good 
Sarah, what's good Tara, what's good 
Amarnz, what's good Wyfa, what's good 
It's, better, I say it or the fucking block would 
 
But. All of that was before I had a missus 
Who's your girl, Yungs nigga, mind your business 
I'm on tour middle finger to the critics 
Like. I hope I see you niggas at the finish line. 
I'M still out here, yeah, it's getting long 
But. How can I quit crying when the road pays 
These days? You might find me with Krept and Konan 
And. I was bangin' them from the phone days like 
I. Make a boy run miles when I'm with my mandem 
Two guns. Up like styles, you should of caught a bus. Instead, 
 
I go 0 to a 1000 nigga, real, quick, real, quick 
Whole squad on that hill shit, 
0 to a 1000 nigga real, quick, real, quick 
Whole squad on that hill, shit
 
