1 Night Lyrics
by Z-Ro.

Sped up sample 
Ay-aiyyyy, if only for one 
Nah niiight niiight niiight niiiiiight 
Ahh one night, if only for one ... niiiiiiiiight 
, 
, Z-Ro, Trae, 
Z-Ro 
I wish I could have my loved ones back. 
Cause, I'd love to have my loved ones back, 
Trae 
We! Don'T have to feel it like that 
Cause. I hate to see the pain comin back 
Z-Ro 
Nobody get killed on the block, 
No reason to pack the steel on the block. 
Trae 
We can get to make it to the top 
And see my dawgs make it out. The cell block 
 
Maintaininnnnn there'll be no mo' complaininnnnn 
It's, alright, if only for one niiiight 
Maintaininnnnn tryin to keep it from raininnnnn 
It's. Alright, 
 
Trae 
I swear deep down. I be sinkin 
The same things over and over they never get better. 
I miss my niggas rain fallin 
9 times out of 10. It don't miss my nigga 
Damn. I hope this state of mind'll never leave again. 
I wan na see my nigga Screw get to breathe. Again, 
And wan na see Dinky and my nigga Donny break free again 
On the block, never thinkin'bout, Plix 
Twenty-fo' years of mine, I've been blitzed 
Dawg, don't you get it twisted 
Cause 19 years of those have been stress, 
Never thought that I'd see this time. 
And, it ain't no way that I'mma, let it get by 
Ain't, no lie deep down inside 
Just to hold it close. It wan na make me cry: 
No mo' drama, likin, no laws, 
No mo' jail, no more collect calls 
No, mo' hate from these roach-ass niggas 
And. My dawgs on the block'll ball'til we fall 
Plus Peewee woulda, never got locked, 
Plus Greedo woulda never got shot. 
Plus Mello woulda still been here. 
With a white Kangol about to body rock the pen 
Misty, then the rest of the click like 
Full speed, then runnin. Without a red light, 
Whole life I'll be one of a kind 
Go deep in the wind. I promise I got my head right 
And, I hate it's gon', be like this 
I wonder why everything come to me like this 
And, if only fo' one night. I finally get my smile 
Lord. I don't wan na leave like this 
 
Z-Ro 
It'll be nice to have Emo and Jody and LL back 
My nigga Best and his big brother, E. Roy Love, 
Dem people, ain't, never comin back 
But. If only for one night, 
My nigga could make a decision. He shoulda made 
Make it where the situation turned out. Another way, 
And ain't a day, go by 
I, don't wish. I didn't have to miss my momma 
This ain't livin, my nigga, this just drama 
If. Only for the night when the storm'll live calmer, 
Cause seem like they wan na give a lifetime sentence, 
To a nigga with a pistol and a pound of marijuana 
Wish. It was legal to be in public wit'cha eyes, red 
I've, seen a lot of B.I. cases. Go fed 
Got pulled over no seatbelt on the shoulder 
Let to a 70 year stand and coda 
If only for the dead nigga 
Didn't have to wait to make a safe walk to the sto' 
Just to get his niggas and a six-pack { } 
But. There never been a cakewalk to the sto' 
Fuck around and see the head concussion 
If the hood decide you got ta fake, walk to the sto' 
They, fully fronted to everybody with animosity 
Bitches'll take'em'fore. They walk to the sto' 
A nigga from the Southside and a nigga from the Northside 
And, a nigga from the Eastside 
Could all get along with each other, like we knew each other mother, 
No reason to wan na take our own lives. 
By losin, a son losin, a daughter, losin, a child 
I'm battered by life too rude to smile 
I, liked it better. When I used to smile 
If only fo' one mo' night, 
 
