10 Chicken Wangs And A Bottle Of Dom Lyrics
by 69 Boyz.

Artist 69 Boyz 
Album 199Quad 
Song 10 Chicken Wangs And A Bottle Of Dom 
 
Itsty-Bitsy 
Hey, hey, hey: hey: hey a chicken head, 
Bone legged, buckteeth, butterfly 
 
One for the money two for the show 
Three. I want a real big booty to go, 
Check it for the homies five for the tricks. 
And everybody down at the Motel, Six 
I had seven girls and they all was tough 
Then. I got one more and now eight is enough. 
You know at nine. We hit the club and we'll have some fun 
And get ten chicken wangs and a bottle of dom 
 
Now the weekend's here and it's time to have fun. 
Ten chicken, wangs and a bottle of dom 
True up in the club. Got love go ahead and show me 
Holla at a dog baby. You know, you know me 
I know you, like the sound of the booms, so lay the room. 
I'M gon na break you off shortly in the hotel room. 
I got some tables to serve uh 
I got ears, you and your friends. Kick them turn nerds to the curve. 
And. It ain't, no thang yo 
Cause these wangs, the funk, I'm gettin drunk off the pain, so 
Brothers stop sweatin. 
I know you want some, but none is what you're gettin 
So stop standin on the wall. Y'All 
I got some greasy old fingers and a belly full of alcohol. 
But I'ma hit the floor and have fun 
With ten chicken wangs and a bottle of dom 
 
Ten chicken wangs and a bottle of dom 
Ten chicken wangs and a bottle of dom 
Ten chicken wangs and a bottle of dom 
It ain't nothin. But a party. Let'S have some fun 
, 
Ten chicken wangs and a bottle of dom 
Ten chicken wangs and a bottle of dom 
Ten chicken wangs and a bottle of dom 
Come over to the table. If you want some 
 
Give me, some of them chicken wangs with celery, sticks and dip, 
A glass of dom and some hittin songs and a cute girl on my hip. Well come on
now! 
Give me some chicken wangs with celery sticks and dip 
A glass of dom, with some hittin songs and a cute girl on my hip well
alright 
 
My man was chillin with a girl he met last week, 
But, let him dance in the corner. He damn near sleep. Peep 
Jay's little ho was from Texas. 
She was sweatin his gold layin him back like he just got a Lexus 
My boy be in black spinnin ends: 
In the ends in the corner. With a set of fly, ass twins 
And me: I'm sittin fat 
Cause, I'm the rottweiler and I'm lookin for a kitty cat 
And, some high heel pumps and a Doolian-Burke 
Or a fly hairdoo and a teenie skirt, 
Fellas lookin, angrily 
But, don't get mad at me, cause I'M in V.I.P. uh 
My boy be on a cellular phone 
Hey yo wait to hang up cause. These wangs are almost gone: 
So keep'em, comin, keep'em, comin, hard 
Them, buffalo wangs and a bottle of dom 
 
Sixty-nine chillin in the V.I.P.. Instead of eatin, our wangs away. 
Watchin all the girls, with the sister curls, steady makin, their bootys sway 
Sixty-nine chillin in the V.I.P.. Instead of eatin, our wangs away, 
Watchin, all the girls with the sister curls, steady makin, their bootys sway, 
Check it out now
 
