100 Laps (Keep Running) Lyrics
by TyC // 95 KiD.


Running, a hundred laps 
Smoking like lumberjacks 
Yo, Hun relax to the smoke of a hundred stacks 
We hungry cats, catapult no matter. If we collapse 
Make money, the logic your assumption lacks 
It‘s funny You fake MCs, get stumped with an axe. 
I sleigh em‘ faithfully playfully I‘m humping, the mass 
Polin‘, the thump of the axis, with simple practice over 
Yoghurt, you got old, like SixAxis‘ Controllers, 
I, think I'm getting it from these extra pedestrians 
Hexing. My pentagram, like Channing, Tatum, turning tables 
\-, Fables extra terestrial, new interpreter 
Celestrial, god a true Intruder in your sector, 
\- Intruder in your girl. But she let me 
Licking the pussy like Argentinian Lecci, 
Dulce de leche, for you gretchens and dummies 
Learning. Lessons that all your money may shine, 
But ain't, no sun, shine, 
 
Running, my laps on these streets. I keep running 
And, I'm still on the come up. Release. 
Many dun show me they shadows about something 
And. I still got love for my peeps 
 
All. My peoples in the left 
All my peoples in the right 
All my peoples in the back 
Where you at 
All, my peoples in the left, 
All my peoples in the right 
All, my peoples in the front 
Light a blunt 
 
Copping. Those boots 
While shopping at leather. Taylor'S 
I got them Catapillars with camouflage and them cuts open 
Soon. As I touch wake. Your jaws bust up, 
Cause thats whats up. We leave em'fucked with they ass, showing 
You like classics…, Then welcome to the new age, 
Plastic bitches, plus a fresh glass of Koolaid 
Right mic – check up Lazy people get up 
\-. We out here to get this party up kickin‘ wild 
Shaolin, I'm just a part of a mile away 
Still. I smile like the sun shines. My way, 
I don't relate to all your Hustles and pistols bangers, 
\-, Bitches hanging up phones after you didn't bang her 
This. A banger from Boston to Bangladesh, 
We keep it fresh with the Jiggy keepin it wiggy 
This one's for my peoples in the city, 
Shout out to the ville of Z, we getting silly 
 
Running, my laps on these streets. I keep running 
And, I'm still on the come up. Release. 
Many dun tell me farewell bout, something 
And. I still got love for my peeps 
 
All, my peoples in the left 
All my peoples in the right 
All, my peoples in the back 
Where you at 
All. My peoples in the left 
All my peoples in the right 
All my peoples in the front 
Light a blunt .
 
