100 Grams Lyrics
by Xali.

Tryn'a tell these niggas Xali different.
I spit the shit that get your body rhythmic.
I'm talking combinations of comments in place for my competition.
To give 'em personal causes, convictions.
You no content, no concept, no caustic, no type of complex.
Niggas simple in their conquest, hold no contest.
See the niggas who watching you motivated by my state of mind.
Fear from harsh reality only get greater with time.
Still this better who is just a nigga fucking with killers that fight they.
poverty with tucking triggers.
Stuffing they pockets due to they option of corrupted fictions.
Clocking 6 figures, get their bricks quicker.

Know some brothers raised under the flag.
How the fuck do you escape what you relate in the past?
Bloodline, bloodline, your finger print when you touch 9's.
8 bars breaking the tough times.
Helping you cuff dimes.
In this life, know you can't choose your womb.
All for better or setting doom get's selected.
Or choose to move with intentions to elude.
Hella crude,they cater some stuff to do.
Just decaders for the youth.
And young thugs approaching they prime.
Hit the bodies with the hammers, hold the holsters in time.
Take lead, or take heed.
And see them niggas neck bleed.
Make up scenes of your seed before you make seeds.

I'm the menace of the mansion.
Outcast alasing the order, hella offstandish.
Smoking on some cannabis, shit'll make you *cannums?*.
Puffin' on something crash landing if you mishandling.
Like it's a hundred grams of piff.
Inhaling with caution losing organs from all this coughing.
Quick, forward your portion after your order takes a common hit.
Pussies contorted, leaking waste from all that talking shit.
Plenty niggas talking shit.
This ice cold flow is my control for you walking dicks all for the show.
Impressing hoes from you talking stiff.
Till real niggas started walking with clips, or they stalking your bitch.

Either way, this life is real as fuck.
Take cover, keep your feelings tucked.
Never deal in luck.
Either way, this life is real as fuck.
Take cover, keep your feelings tucked.

