100 Feet Up Lyrics
by Uno Hype.


I see you from the sky.
And I wonder how long it will take me to get home.

It was the sweetest at times, it got sour.
Most didn't allow her, but her flowers got louder.
She would end up on that counter, breaking down her heart.
Set fire to her spirit with a spark.
So light it up, relax and lighten up.
It's trees pass, get higher up.
Blow strong, that iron lung.
The homie got the finest nugs.
Approach the green like when tire putt.
That one hitter quitter, home your time is up.
Just vibe with us.
Look into my eyes they know the high is obvious.
It's probably just me and some of my niggas.
Some broads and couple swisher.
When I tote these drags, we mix'em.
Like the haze with the deez.
Papers or the blunts, but prefer no seeds.
A year ago, I was ready for take off.
Head against the window I'm too tired to wake up.
You too high to stay up.
Darling come match me.
She love Black &amp; Milds and she smoking to the plastic.

Erick Arc Elliot.
Yeah! I feel good.
Good kush, influence by good karma.
Whatevers killing me is only making me stronger.
Could be a stoner.
But my dreams could say I'm wrong.
And I hope that God can hear me.
Cause I perservered this long.
Forever singing sixty sold.
Till I'm sixty old.
Written units of my records.
And there's only fifty sold.
Hit these rooms.
It's like a roll of hallugens.
Hit the weed for speed.
We ain't supposed to drive a lane.
With low liquor tolerance.
But shorty riding and we decided.
It was best to be a couple in a couple months.
And we I see you, we gonna roll us up a couple blunts.

The refer need my lung.
100 feet, a middle finger to my fallen flaws.
Some foreign cars and some really foreign buds.
Won't pay for magazines cause all the shit just looks the same to me.
It's plain to me, unless the front page is two bitches braining me.

Uh!
Welcome to Oz.
Where odds won't help your mom.
And jobs are a facade.
For dreams, that leave you robbed.
And I'd never believed I be in meetings with Todd.
And do shows with Cudi and kill.
stages with Bob.
Funny how people change when change come in your squad.
Dollars fill my pocket, shorty call me Donnie Wad.
Superhero shit took my niggas took Cape Cod.
Now we next to the cliff, Falice or Rashad.
My Mom was like Don, please don't blow up.
I lost all my boys, now please don't grow up.
My principle would call, like he don't show up.
And when he do, he drifts off, and he just goes up!
100 feet high, in the sky he fly.
Eyes red, chink eyes.
I beg, he high.
Now this time line.
I'm on my grizzind baby.
Smoking weed on a jet, hydroplaning.

