100 $ Lyrics
by WordPlay T.JAY.


100 dollars down, yet I'm focused.
And I'm bout to get faded like the sunset.
And let it go, and let it go.

Started off this week real bad.
Paid up Geico and it zapped my cash.
First of the month and rent's due.
I'm trying to vent but it's hotter than a church pew.
In Louisiana with those little bitty fans on a stick.
Work my balls off until the Stans on my dick.
Wanna book a tour but the views ain't hit.
But the way to get fans is to use that shit.
Man I'm trying to eat, break me off with the formula.
Started long ago but my motor's still warming up.
I can see the words touching bodies like a coroner.
Talking but nobody understands like a foreigner.
That don't really make no sense.
I'm saying few comprehend, what the rest don't get.
So I'm dropping every week like a sitcom.
Cause my bank account got me on a mission.

Look, living dreaming, a dream is what I'm fiending for.
Give another option, my plot is to have a dreamer grow.
From another part in the garden, my art will seem to show.
Beautiful visions of living the world is just like a prism.
Splitting light in all directions just like a division.
I'd rather pull it all together a natural addition.
For my brothers I want us to reach above the stars.
And take it to another level whenever we yell we are.
Unstoppable, Uncrushable, nothing that I can do.
To make another want to question the happiness I pursue.
Is like orange juice mixed with ice.
To make it through the night, I put on the music of life.
Right, at a stop light, Leaning to the left.
Thinking about a lot of bullshit that's out of step.
I make a dance of it, the answer is something amazing.
Never thought of it, with nothing that's up in my savings.

Seems like all I do now is sit and worry about a check.
I ain't even online but I'm worried about the net.
Trying to build an army but there's nowhere I can vet.
Finna reach the top but they add another step.
Seems like people that I knew don't even talk no more.
Even Hans got Chewy, why am I so low.
Hope the odds even out like an isotope.
And there's a few guys thinking why am I so dope.
I'm a class act with a back pack make you bag back.
I'm the bomb now, I ain't talking about in Bagdhad.
Beauty of the week now I'm waking up with Jet lag.
Building my credentials now ya boy needs a press pass.
But I'm still clocking in at Best Buy.
Job applications putting on my best tie.
Greeting customers, putting on my best lie.
Cause I'm writing in my head working on the next line.

