100 Round Clip Lyrics
by Twisted Insane.


100 round clip.
100 round clip.
100 round clip.
100 round clip.

If a nigga really want it all.
Put one in his stomach.
And I'm movin' like a comet.
Cause that shit is super sonic.
Can I get it while I be on it.
Motherfuckers that who will be poppin' a nigga and.
Every time a nigga really wanna pull 'em, and I hit 'em with the chopper.

And everybody wanna stop us.
Like I'm runnin' from the cops.
And they wonderin' why they are shot at.
But they never hit the block.
When I'm bustin' on that chop.
Cause they never know when the little nigga's wanna come and pop.
With a.
I remember cynical, stereotypical nigga's is hit-able.
Never dismissable, never difficult.
Inadimissable, individual lookin' like a nigga will put you up in a ritual.
When your babblin' your yabba-dabba-doo, and.
I don't know what you were sayin' but I know it sounded stupid.
I don't know if you was playin' but I know I gotta prove it.
Everytime a niggas spittin' at a motherfucker lose it.
So I hit with a.
The ability to chop and.
never stop I'm at the top.
While you all sit around and talk about it.
Really really hot like I'm a fully auto Glock and.
When I walked into the room these motherfuckers want to bop.
And I can hit it from the bottom I can hit it from the top.
And I can take another bottle I can take another shot.
And I can hit you with that motherfucker.
With you I don't give a fuck who sent you I'm a killer so I really gotta.
get'em.
Man I'm all up in em, walkin' with a motherfuckin' midget.
When she got some big old nipples.
And she got some big old titties.
And I really don't wanna be rude and leave.
Without taking a little nibble of food while i got a whole big old tittie.
And I gotta take a little bit of medicine.
Cause my head has been shredded out of Excedrin and brainsick.
Sick of niggas saying they the sickest in the game.

Run around sick, never.
trip when I come with this shit.
I am the chosen.
1 to the head.
2 to the head.
3 to the head.
When I hit em with a.

Tell me they really wanna' give up and.
Get to really choppin' people and.
Finna kill em and fill em up with the venom and.
Shoot 'em up out at this demon cause homie they go and.
Get 'em I boot 'em up in the ceiling as if it was ben and.
I hit 'em with penicillin.
Perpetual wounds and I bury bodies and villians.
Get ready for nigga's feelins I'm murderin' everybody and.
Doin' it like I'm Gandhi and fuckin' with niggas squealin'.
Im bringin' the devastation i'm filled with the motivation i'll see you all on.
vacation then anybody who hatin'.
I'm poppin' the biggest waist and.
Put one up in your face.
I got niggas through out the case like I do with my go get 'em and.
I'm feelin' somebody fade when I'm increasin' the murder rate.
How was the music when it go and flow, it is great.
I be choppin' up every nigga that be thinkin' they be choppin' 'em up into.
pieces.
Motherfucker, watch and let me demonstrate.

Hit em whenever they wanna run up and leave a nigga leakin'.
Leave it to me because I'm really about the business.
Diggin' up in your cranium, never should leave the spot until a nigga point the.
Glock at every single fuckin' witness.
Fuck yes I like to play doctor.
Got a butt hurt, when you heard I bopped her.
I took her to iHop, then I hop her.
I'm Twisted Insane, yeah the worldwide chopper!

Yea.
And that's how you get shit done.
That's how you get it done.
Brainsick!

