100k Freestyle Lyrics
by Wrekonize.


Any excuse.
No really, any excuse.
100k freestyle.
Uh-huh, yeah.
So now the Mursday album's right I figure.
I figure we can get a break now.
Oh no, we ain't doing breaks?
Oh we ain't doing breaks, alright.

I know you might have seen me on the Hunger Pains.
Touring around the country, keep it bumping Strange.
Floring the pedal, munchies in my suffering veins.
What can I fucking say?
My name is Benjamin, truth be told, I love the game.
Since '99 I've been a threatening train.
Spent all this time, so in 3009 you hear my records play.
They don't respect the rhyme so I've been bunging.
Bouncing on cats who spend their time wondering stupid shit, Cliven Bundy.
Oh, I wonder, wonder, wonder why.
All of my real Mayday-lians are stuck inside this shuck and jive.
They never fear that, I bring these riots.
Produced the song for Tech and Kenny that's top 20 and still rising.

Live with the politics, but bet it hurts.
And if it's tears, I'll disappear in the cheers for years like Mega Hurts.
I'm walking 'round arenas and thinking this gon' be us.
I'm in the smash and do I have to pen for them to see us?
Shit, they keep telling me to rhyme to Rap God.
Well I really would but I feel that beat sucks my dick and balls.
Try not to take offence today, this is all opinion based.
So why would I care if you truly dig into a different shape?
You see I'm not Donald Sterling.
A.K.A. a senile racist motherfucker who is not deserving.
Of pennies, nickels or sterlings, extra helpings and servings.
And mercy he's not deserving, what is the shit I'm observing.
This plan has truly gone goon style.
Well at least my whiskey stash is full and there's new episodes of Boondocks.

Shit I should run a bit and lift some weights.
But I'm so God damn tired, I can't unravel all my dire straights.
So I keep killing 'em like the Yellow King.
My parents been here for a long, long time, prepare the wedding rings.
Me and this game got something going on.
The reason I lost so many girlfriends in high school to the love of songs.
This is for the love of wrong, in the name of those who're gone.
For missing planes to Ukraine and North Korean pawns.
And who am I? Just a British yankee chasing grubs.
Addicted to the game and fiending for that famous drug.
Just broke a 100K on Facebook but it ain't enough.
Got an album coming up with Murs, oops shameless plug.

Mursday.
It's coming June 10th.
Shit, Strangeulation.
It's coming May 6th, that is gonna hurt some feelings.
I just wanna say what up real quick.
Thank you if you one of the 100k.
And if you're not, one way or the other.
I'll see you soon.

