1080pEOPLE Lyrics
by Rustlah.

1080people huddle.
Cuddle puddle with a Lain stain.
The mountain spouting pods.
This ain't your grandpops beanstalk.
Port fiends walk the Bubble mainframe.
Park theme today is.
Vicarious, strange how chariots inherited the.
Appearance of airships and carriages changed to trains.
Orifices make morpheus' veins lame.
Your'e on your back in portal pod.
With biotechnological orchid chains.
We used to want to be more than god.
Now all we want is to know our names.
Forming alters, where your mind isn't yours anymore.
And every thought thats fought falters, if the God's gave us ports.
Then whats that tell us about our Fathers?
Kneel five times a day and face the water.
Stream a port of porn and fuck the fodder, port the storm thats born.
Benign inside the spine of every toddler.
Firewall the firewater.

So high up on this mountain.
With a child to offer.
And became the same as the strain.
When we tried to cheat the game.

You might rest, but your soul will never sleep.
Backed up to cloud from your head down to your feet.
All hail modems and machines.
Port a portion of the person you used to be.
And it seems that the seems ripped onto the cement.
And into the sewage where the mutants are puking.
No movement for solution, most humans are nuisance.
And port their first shower to get clean.
Chipped genes from birth till your'e returned to the earth.
A sick dream.
Today on sick sad world.
Rustlah Sixskins bonded with the biggest brother.
Megamold nano technical sentinels cover.
Terrestrial mother.
Press the button.
Pick the port marked other, now you waffled out.
Everything awful gets smothered.
By experiencing the lives of one another.
But once you get ported you can't get the ports out.
They're yours now androids escort crowds.
Of fearless leaders turned peerless seeders.
Science came.
The giants game with tiers of leachers.
Appliances gained gears and features.
Now jane talks and we appear to hear her.

I'm John Shirley in hie early 30's.
Puking ecto rap, a technocrat who get his whole arm dirty.
Alive in 1080p 100 and 80 people at my feet.
Who all geeked to port the audiophile elite.
See I'm living all your lives just to push the walls aside.
Fingertips a terabyte of falling skies.

