15 Minutes Lyrics
by RuMeal.


I ain't done much, but they got a young nigga feeling like I'm living like an.
underground king.
Tryna build a billion dollar empire with my team, scheming off of all of our.
underground dreams.
Casue they been sleeping on me while I was working it's bout time that I shine.
on these suckers like morning light.
I hear my songs gon' blow up, well let me get on the beat then watch me ignite.
I strive for victory no time for me to flirt with defeat.
Misunderstood, if I was understood that mean all of y'all should now lay.
beneath.
If I'm on the right path now, then why the hell am I leaning?
Is it because the devil been tryna get me to back track like I been moon.
walking with his demons.
Y'all about to become a fiend of a young nigga with a dope flow.
Wanna get a bad bitch with a japanese mix that could be my Yoko Ono.
Cause this the moment that she worked all spring for to let it all loose when.
it's summertime.
She got that body looking right I might choose her for the night cause she.
told me that she broke up with her valentine.
Yea, they told me bout a couple things, but the only thing I hope is you don't.
fuck the team.
Cause these real niggas all we want is money &amp; vow to never let nothing.
come between this cream.
I was told you better stack this money up, don't let to many women in &amp;.
out your bed.
Cause these niggas can't stand when you getting brain, they hate to see.
another young nigga getting ahead.

I wake up, think about this that I'm living.
Tired of this life that I'm living but everybody telling me that I'm about to.
get it.
I'm hoping my career don't blow overnight.
Cause I'm tryna make sure my 15 minutes last for life.
Make it last for life, make it last for life.
Tryna make sure that my 15 minutes last for life.
Make it last for life, make it last for life.
Tryna make sure that my 15 minutes last for life.

True living legend, underground king, check my team I'm a king amongst kings.
All I want is good clothes, good dank, great ink, couple shows lined up all.
the way to next week.
I'm a real cool joe shades on like snoopy, burning woodstock dressed in black.
like a goonie.
Real nigga roll call I never ask much just for opportunity &amp; a bad bitch.
salute me.
Cause niggas from my city tryna get their shine but I guarantee their future.
ain't bright like mine.
If rapper think it's time his career to go, I guarantee my flows will make him.
hit a stop sign.
Damn, bet you never heard of me, make them wanna head to the emergency.
Your girlfriend be tryna chill with me, she called me on your anniversary.
You know me chilling with my shades on, just kicking it that's why I got my.
J's on.
Everybody say you need about 3 hits, no R&amp;B I'm bout to give them Trey.
Songz.
They be looking at me tryna figure what's wrong, tryna come up with a flow I.
can bank on.
I be coming with some real hip hop hits, while the others just tryna get their.
drake on.
Might be a black sheep in my family but these wolves won't treat me like a.
white lamb.
Tryna put a couple pebbles on my neck so the industry can do me like Bam Bam.
Most say that I'm out of this world like MJ cause I be tryna make a space jam.
But understand I could do it like a black panther maybe then they would see me.
as a young Cam.

X2.

