19+ Lyrics
by VNCHY.


There's trouble in paradise.
Eyes on a pair of dimes.
I'm nothing but a lie in this paradigm.
What's love to a nigga who ain't feeling none.
Only when she bust it open am I feeling some.
And you know she's feeling something warm in.
Got her screaming out I love you, thats the first warning.
You had me horny, had to put my horn in.
Girl its something like a dream, that I put my all in.
And I, made her come for an encore.
After that I told her cum for an encore.
I ain't even close to done, I don't do this for the fun.
Body language girl I wanna feel you talk more.
Yeah.
And I wanna feel you talk more.
And I fear if I get near you, I'll get unsure.
All the ladies in the past, once they let me hit the ass.
I realized its the pussy that I want more.
x5.
I'm ashamed cause there's no way to explain.
How I ain't a player I just play a different game.
To get into your legs I must enter through the brain.
Now I'm sinking in your tears.
Cause you're drowning out the pain.
Leave.
Unaddressed go figure, hmm what you expect from a nigga.
Girl they ain't worth shit they just all thirsty.
Get a nice white boy at least they all working.
Besides they really telling lies.
Like baby I would love to chill.
But see I'm with the guys, and we going for a drive.

Like I don't know what niggas do on a Saturday night right.
Pass the weed I need my Saturday night flight.
Pass the weed I need my Saturday night right.

Got dreams.
See this niggas got dreams.
Since a nigga 15.
Now a nigga 19.
Now I'm living that dream.
Come and fuck with my team.

At my shows like y'all came here to hear me rap.
They can't help but to get attached.
Even when lit never met a match.
World War 2 when we hit the gas.
Need more concentration now.
Not yet my occupation, been waiting patient now.
Now them niggas can't help but face it I ball.
Look at all the birds I call.
Leaving them all in awe, when I walk through the mall.
I don't walk through the stores.
Yeah we already got shit in store for us.
Told my girl imma takeover the world.
Two times just to do it for the both of us.
Been lying to the most of us.
Been time since you spoke to us.
Ever since we came in, and we ran shit.
The worst is all this just practice.

I got dreams.
See this niggas got dreams.
Since a nigga 15.
Now a nigga 19.
Now I'm living that dream.
Come and fuck with my team.
You ain't seen nothin'.

