1st Day Out 98 Lyrics
by Twiztid.

I got another funky rhyme.
Another funky, funky rhyme.
I got another funky rhyme.
Another funky rhyme.
Another funky, funky rhyme.
Aww shit, Twiztid.
This is our shit man..
They're finna remake the wicked shit..
Jamie spit it!
Now they let the gates up so I bail.
Six shitty months, pick me up from the county jail.
Smart ass mouth even though I paid my dues.
Foam toilet, worn blankets, and the rubber shoes.
But I ain't naggin.
Here comes my people in the hooptie muffler draggin.
Ain't been in the hoo ride long.
And the 2 liter of Moon Mist is almost gone.
Nuts are kinda anxious to drop a load.

The bitch said.
Muthafucka pick me up at three.
Can't bitch, Cepta don't ride your street.
We can eat around the corner at KFC.
You can take a cab and I'll pay the fee.
When she showed up, damn.
She was outta luck.
I forgot my wallet in the glove box of my truck.
With the tab from the cab, and the dinner too.
With a knot in my sock, bitch I thought you knew.
Dressed to impress chewing dentine gum.
And I was drunk as fuck and smelled like an alley bum.
I'm chewing on my food like a carnivore.
Dumb bitch staring at me like an eye sore.
Then I plopped my face in the bowl of soup.
And slurped up every last bit up through my missing tooth.
The bitch jumped up faster than a race.
And told me had to powder her face.
Since she pickin' up the tab.
You know that I'ma go for mine.
Garcon, Shabali '54 vintage wine.
And a steak well done, and an order of shrimp.
Jamie Madrox playin' the pimp.
She's back now and her hair ain't fixed.
Probably in the bathroom kickin back takin a shit.
But I ain't saying nothing though.
I ain't saying nothing bout the muthafucking hoe.
What's up bitch?
You ready to break ?
Besides, how long can one fat bitch take?
Quit snacking and pay the shit.
So we can go to your crib and watch a horror flick.

With your daddy.
You're employed?

Your daddy's pretty fresh sweetie pie.
I mean him letting me grip his ride.
Besides he slipped me a fifty.
But then again I'm kinda shifty.
Now I wanna fuck so we headed to my house.
F**k sitting with your parents on the couch.
Dad I got a bitch in my room and I smile.
Take your ass to the bar and don't come back for awhile.
A juggalo's known for smackin hoes.
But I need to bust nuts so I switch to the mack mode.
Now woman, you know I love you.
So why don't you just let me fuck you.
Look bitch, I know you's a freak.
So let me get a little kiss on my cheek.
And a fuck to go with that.
Come on nympho, and let me hit that.
Tell ya what you let me stick it.
And I gotta left over piece of chicken for ya.
You little sewer skank.
You nasty little pipe-smoking money hungry bitch!
That's the shit J.
$85 bucks an hour and you wanna play.
And that was that.
A little smooth talking and she was on her back.
You'll never guess what.
My first day out and I caught my nut.
First day out and I caught my nut.
First day out and I caught my nut.
First day out and I caught my nut.
Well, shit bitch it's my first day out.
And I caught my nut.
First day out and I caught my nut.
First day out and I caught my nut.
First day out and I caught my nut.
Well, shit bitch it's my first day out.
And I caught my nut.
First day out and I caught my nut.
First day out and I caught my nut.
First day out and I caught my nut.
Well, shit bitch it's my first day out.
And I caught my nut.
First day out and I caught my nut.
First day out and I caught my nut.
First day out and I caught my nut.
Well, shit bitch it's my first day out.
And I caught my nuuuuuut!!

