1st song philosophy Lyrics
by Punsy.


Yo, I'm back again smashing this rap's, my gift and I'm just warming. Up
The masterless activist that could spit is here to pour his guts
Extravagant passages that i've written gives you more to want
Surpassing the average rappers quick. I leave no corners cut
Bringing. You meaningful things to chew. Like you just ordered lunch
It's thinking food eat, it dude feed it to you, through recorded cuts
I'm reading through speakers, to speak to you because it sort of sucks
To leave you to weaker crews. Leeching you to get their boring. Stuff
That has to go. mad to know. Rap is slow because the doors are shut
To rappin' pros that can flow. Average Joes are getting tours and bucks
I'm sad for those back at home, lacking dough and can't afford the bus
But have the hope and the scope that would show that they perform for love
From listeners getting Their lyrical fix from them more than once
That's willing to give every cent to them. Quick as the morning comes
I'm sick of the hypocrites' ingnorance, claiming they formed us up
I'm, ending it with this disc, lift the underground and soar above

 ... My satire'll smash these wack rhymers
I. Don'T need a tech, nine, my raps'll flat line em
I'll send every single one be lo. Disgusting quotes
I run these shows. They're tone deaf., But punsy's dope
 ..., Like eminem you'll, never see me spittin', stale, lines
 .... I live to win you'll, never see me with my Ls high
Can. I bust open mike nights like a rocky fight
These, guys bite rhymes, but fail can't even copy right
I'll leave'em dumbfounded. When I spit on wax
I rip up tracks., I'm sick with the gift of gab
 ..., I'm prolific with dope writtens.. It'S show business
I'm the only one whose illmaculate flow's different

I'll take a rapper's plasma faster than a cyclone collects
Wind .... I break the laws of physics and its elements
 ... Da truth is I'm a miracle.. It'S like I'm heaven sent
I'm mixing tracks down like it's nestle in the glass
You're, really rats with disney raps and those are mickey facts
I'm, not common or aver-age., I'm a god. I can handle men
I'm psychotic. Yet excellent, Like I'm sonic, the hamilton
I'll knock a rapper out with a hard fist, when I rock him
You'll, see god son like nasir, and I won't care who hops in
I don't want to hear you bust. A rhyme cuz you're wack to me
You're, not a hustler, and that's really the problem. You'Re, not cassidy
You're, FABULOUS, I'm something. Vicious
You'Ll take a notorious big L, ... Pun intended ... 
And. That was just a spoonfull
 
