1st Day Out Lyrics
by Twiztid.


I got another funky rhyme, 
Another funky funky rhyme 
I got another funky rhyme 
Another funky rhyme, another funky funky rhyme 
 
Twizted 
This is my shit. Man 
They're finna remake the wicked shit 
Jamie spit man, 
 
Now. They let the gates up. So I bail 
Six shitty months, pick me up from the county jail 
Smart ass mouth. Even though I paid my dues, 
Chrome toilet rolled blankets and the rhombus shoes 
But, I ain't naggin 
Here comes my people in the hoopty muffla draggin 
Ain't been in the hoop ride. Long 
And, the two liter of Moon Mist, is almost gone. 
Nuts are kinda, anxious to drop a load. 

The bitch said muthafucker pick me up at three 
Can't bitch Santa don't ride your street 
We can meet around the corner. At KFC. 
You can take a cab and I'll pay the fee 
When. She showed up damn she was out of luck. 
I forgot my wallet in the glovebox on my truck 
Put, the tab for the cab and the dinner too 
With a knot in my sock bitch. I thought ya knew 
Dressed to impress chewin dyntene gum 
And. I was drunk as fuck and smelled like an alley. Bum 
I'm chewin on my food like a carnivore, 
Dumb, bitch starin at me like and eyesore 
Then, I plopped my face in the bowl of soup 
And slurpped every last bit up through my missin tooth 
The bitch jumped up faster than a race. 
And told me how to powder her face 
So she pickin up the tab. Ya know that I'ma go for mine, 
Got, sone, shabille, 54' vengence wine, 
And a steak well done and an order of shrimp 
Jamie Madrox playin, the pimp ... UHH 
Shes back now, and her hair ain't fixed 
Probably in the bathroom kickin back takin a shit 
But. I ain't sayin nothin, though 
I ain't sayin, nothin bout, the muthafuckin ho 
Whats up bitch your ready to break besides how long 
Can one fat bitch take Quit. Snackin 
And pay this shit, so we can go to your crib 
And watch a horror flick with ya daddy 
 
Your Employed 
Uhhhhh shit, Naw, 
, 
Your daddy's, pretty fresh sweetie pie. 
I mean him. Lettin me grip his ride 
Besides. He slipped me a fifty 
But. The again I'm kinda shifty 
Now, I wan na fuck, so we headed to my house 
Fuck sittin with you parents on the couch 
Dad. I got a bitch in my room and a smile 
Take, your ass to the bar and don't come back for awhile 
A juggalo's known for smackin ho's 
But. I need to bust nut, so I switch to the mack mode, 
 
Now Laurie. You know I love you! 
So, why don't you just let me fuck you 
Look bitch, I know you's a freak 
So. Let me get a little kiss on my cheek 
And I'll fuck to go hit that 
Come on nympho and let me hit dat 
Tell ya. What ya? Let me stick it! 
And I got ta left over piece of chicken for ya 
Ya little sewer, skank 
, 
Ya nasty, little pipe smokin MONEY, HUNGRY BITCH, 
 
That's, the shit J, 
85 bucks an hour you wan na play 
And. That was that 
A little smooth talkin and she was on her back 
Ya, never guess what 
My first day out and I caught my nut 
 
First day out and I caught my nut 
First day out and I caught my nut 
First day out and I caught My nut 
Well shit bitch it's my first day out and i caught my nut. 
 
