1st Night4 A Young (Remix) Lyrics
by Ty Dolla $ign.


Girl be yo self ain't, nothing wrong with being ratchet 
You, fit that ass up in them. Booty shorts, that's magic, 
You in them, Alexandra Wang's, like Lady Gaga 
You brought some home. Girls wit you for my partners. 
I got some weed. I got some drink. Let'S turn it up: 
I'm feelin! You! You feelin me! So what the fuck 
We ain't got ta play no games. You know I can't 
And. We both gone so girl ain't, nothing wrong. 
 
If! We fuck on the first night… yea 
If. We fuck on the first night… girl 
Don't, make me wait. 
If we fuck on the first night… yea 
 
You got that nigga' name tatted on yo body 
So you gon na get it covered with a butterfly or something 
That. Nigga broke yo, fuckin heart gotten that bitch pregnant 
That's. Why you used to fuck with girls almost turned into a lesbian 
Let me put this dick back in yo life and get you right, 
You, say: yo ex nigga never hit it right. 
We ain't got ta play. No games, you know I can't 
Put them pretty lips on me says I want you and you want me 
 
Break it down 
Girl. Let me hit it all. The 1st night 
Girl. I can show you better than I could tell you. 
I'Mma take yo shirt off and the J's off 
And the jeans off in the bed sure we fuck… 
 
 ) 
 
Dolla $ ign, 
Trigga, 
Kirko, Bangz, 
Yeah, 
DRUGS, 
 
Got, another nigga' bitch in my bed. Right now, 
She got her legs all up in the air right now, 
But to show her how the Dolla $ ign pull it down. 
I'Mma drop the act and I pull pull it down. 
 
, Ty, Dolla $ ign, 
She, wrapped her arms. All around me 
Lickin on my neck and shit 
She says she wanted missionary 
My hands on her neck and she'll be grinding. Real, slow, 
Hard like I be workin now 
She turn around and poke it out. 
I beat it up like Pacquaio 
 
Got, another nigga' bitch in my bed right now, 
Got another nigga' bitch in my bed. Right now, 
She got her legs all up in the air right now. 
She got her legs all up in the air right now: 
 
4, a young 
She'd, do anything 4. A young 
4, a young 
She'd, do anything 4. A young 
 
I got another nigga' bitch givin head right now, 
And she doin everything. Trigga says right now: 
Bad bitch, I'm talkin ass and tits 
Yo girlfriend be doin nasty shit, 
Her best friend, is our sex friend. So I text them to play. Pass my dick around 
She bust. It open like a bag of chips. She down 
What. She do for you. Well, she do. For me, 
You fell in love, so Cupidly 
I, bang, the pussy, I'm super G, 
She brain a nigga, so stupidly 
And, the coochie be so oozilly right now, 
 
She in my bed on the phone with her man right now. 
In my bed on the phone giving head right now, 

She bought me a Rollie just cuz. It was them 
She did that to me, this bitch would be dead. 
Two phones and her boyfriend face on both of em 
This is the kind of crazy thing man I done hit both of em 
But, a nigga. Don'T know these hoes, they fuck around 
You ain't, a pimp til you get a nigga bitch and his sister. At the same time, 
 
