1st Time Lyrics
by Yung Joc.


Hey love... you remember your first time?
Get dat with a real nigga? Heh heh heh.
Well let's talk about it.

It ain't nothin like the first time.
I'm tryin to tell you I can blow your mind.
Baby if I touch you here, and kiss you there.
Gonna fall in love shorty best beware.
There ain't nothin like the first time.
I'm tryin to tell you I can blow your mind.
Baby if I touch you here, and kiss you there.
Gonna fall in love shorty you best beware.

Ah hold on this ain't no love song, mo' like a cut song.
You say your day was long, well tell daddy what's wrong.
I'mma tell ya one time, just relax and unwind.
Whisper sweet nothings now you're blushin chills down your spine.
Oh yeah you hot and tempted, oh no not Pretty Rickie.
But when you _Grind on Me_, I'mma leave you hot and trippin.
Just slip in them satin sheets, now go on and roll over.
Oh yeah it's up and down motions like a roller coaster.
I see you up on top, you all on my Joc.
I'mma do it non-stop  until yo' cherry pop.
I'mma keep goin and goin, the Energizer Bunny.
Mister Long John all in your tummy.

This ain't no lovey dovey  but watch how I seduce ya.
Girl I'm the man, I-I-I'm the man.
I push the right buttons and there's sex on demand.
Oh yeah I like it slow  baby be easy.
Ooh watch your teeth  baby be easy.
Tell me yo' Vicky Secrets, tell me all the dirt.
You smell like peaches, must be Bath &amp; Body Works.
Love the way yo' body work  I'mma make yo' body rock.
Once you climax  you feel the aftershock.

Marques Houston.

Dont get it twisted, we just cuttin baby!

Yeah, I know I know, I still ain't went soft.
But I gotta go let's hit the shower baby, it's time to rinse off.
I'll wash yours, you wash mine, I'll adore it the first time.
I blew yours, you blew mine, sometimes I'll drop you a line.
But look, don't tell nobody  keep it on the low.
Not yo' best friend, not yo' cousin, nobody's gotta know.
I know it sounds crazy  but that's just how it is.
Yung J-O-C, long live, long live.

Mm-hmm, yeah I know y'all wasn't expectin that.

Welcome to New Joc City.

Goodnight.

