2 Step (Remix) Lyrics
by UNK.


 { 4..3 ... 2 ... 2.. }, 
A-2, Steeeeep, a-2, Steeeep, 
Now, gon', n 2 Step now, gon' n 2 Step 
Now, gon', n 2 Step now, gon' n 2 Step 
Now get jiggy wit. It now get jiggy wit, it 
Now get jiggy wit. It now get jiggy wit, it 
 
Now, gon', n 2 Step. Aye watch me 2 Step 
Now. Can you 2 Step? Like I 2 Step? 
Watch me get jiggy wit. It watch me get jiggy wit. It 
Watch me get jiggy wit. It watch me get jiggy wit. It 
Gon n' 2 Step. 
 
You can actually hear me 2 Steppin, while I'm recordin. This 
You know dat right, 
, 
T-Pain 
Ay. You know my bank roll got a lot of zero's 
Teddy Pain. The Tallahassee hero 
I done got a crib. Now I'm in The A 
2 Steppin lem me show you how I do this thang 
Take yo left foot put it out in the front 
And. Do it mmmmmerrrrrrrrrahh ... like this 
Now? If you look around the club, you would notice cain't nobody do it. 
Qui ... .iiiiiiite, like this 
Ay Shades on dem Oakley's, to be exact 
Now. When I sang my song, I'mma bring dem hoes in the back 
And. You know, I'm the hottest nigga'round 
So when I get'em up to my room. I got'em countin me down: let's get
it.. 
 
 { 4.. 3 ... 2 ... 2.. } 
Hey, hey, hey 2 Steeeeep, 2 Steeeep 
Now, gon', n 2 Step now, gon' n 2 Step 
Now watch me 2 Step now. Watch me 2 Step. 
Now get jiggy wit. It now get jiggy wit, it 
Now get jiggy wit. It now get jiggy wit. It 
 
DJ Unk 
, {, 4.. } Steppin to the right wipe me down: manye 
, { 3 ... } Steppin to the left, with yer stunna frames, 
 {, 2 ... }. By this time, the WORLD know what to do: 
It's, goin down 2 Steppin, REMIX Unk, what it do, 
I'm back one mo' geeeen wit, another one, 
2 Steppin, gettin jiggy baby, have some fun. 
They said it couldn't be dooooone. I guess I got it. Crackin 
2 Steppin ay bay-BAY, 
Now, gawn n, get it shawty. The charts I climb back on 
One-hit wonder bet dey, wonder how I do it all 
They got dey steps, wrooooong dey, try to bite mine 
Let's, see what's hap'nin when I count down one more time. Go 
 
Money's on the fadeaway 
NYC. You know how we do it. 
 
Jim Jones, 
Now catch us 2 Steppin. I got my goons reppin 
We turn the VIP into the do it do it section. 
You know the jewel selection. I'M blue VVS'in 
We ain't gon' talk about the whips. You know the Coupe selection
 
And. I got everything that you want. I'M registered to Dupont, 
 
I get bread like croutons. I make dough like crouissants 
I'm, Grey Poupon, Bentley shit, baby 
What, the fuck is you on. It'S how I'm livin', lady 
Like Queens, call the car dealer. Then the Girbaud dealer 
Now we out at Vegas poker, face with the card dealer 
The hard nigga gone off the hard liquor, 
You better watch your ass when them foreign cars, wheel, up 
, 
Official, remix, Official remix, 
Official, remix, eeRRRRRAH, 
, 
E-40 
I'm in my Cutlass on Two shoes 
Breakin all the rules: 
Two hitters manye, two fools 
Two hammers manye, two 2's 
Shinin, like a chandelier 
Diamonds up in my ear, 
Sick Wid It trophy on my neck. I dang near wear it everywhere, 
Too much candy on my ride. 
Too many rumors I done died 
Too many haters on this Earth 
All my life. It ain't been certs 
Started off real small 
But. Now my mail is tall 
Had to walk before I crawled 
I had my back against the wall. 
Two faces not us two faces at once: grittin it gettin it in 
Hustlers R, Us, never. No punk I'll 2 Step on yo' chin 
I see some broads 
2 steppin' by they lonesome 
These square suckers. They actin' like they don't wan na 
They. Don'T know they don't know they don't know. 
You got ta find'em, doe, send'em, doe, break'em, doooooe-oooh 
You got ta, get the dough, get the dough, get the dough 
I mean get it manye rain, shine, sleet or snooooow-oooh 
See. I managed wit it I get jiggy wit. It 
Eh-ha ha 
ERRRUGH 
 
