2012 Lyrics
by UnknownProductions.

December 21 2012 the beginning and the end.

Sitting in my room it's midnight.
Looking out my window waiting for a meteorite.
Deep down hoping my house would be the crash site.
Two hours to go then I know.
My life changes and my soul.
Cuz lately my life's been in a hole.
Feeling bipolar you know and I was only 14  Deep Voice.
Waiting for the world to end.
And for god to send an invite  High Voice.
To go see the whole galaxy.
No people getting mad at me.
Im Dreaming about UFOs and flying objects.
Honest I wasn't on conspiracy shit.
But I sure as hell heard about it.
I wanted to shout at it be loud and spit.
Cuz it haunted my mind And made more tough times.
Realizing Reality flaunted rough crimes.

Hahahaha 2012 isn't a hoax little did he know or believe.

My Playlist running an hour left.
Before the heavens gate discussion.
I heard up there they hate cussin.
My favorite songs are bumpin.
Music is all I had.
So I listened and sat sad.
I wanted a new beginning no sinning.
I was always a dreamer and thinker.
Walking through the hall thinking.
Could that be her my mind stirs.
But As I grew older people got meaner.
Made My life a bomb falling in slow motion.
These feelings were potent and growing.
Soon the bomb will hit throwing up debris.
And A thundering boom will shake my room.
Then the ground will split.
Hold on stick around only 5 seconds.
So I'll be quick.
playing frank ocean.
emotions pouring.
explosion roaring.

The smoke from the bomb lingers leaving everyone's sight clouded in this the.
new era.

I arise from the ashes.
I see that the end passes.
The smoke has me blinded.
DPD has me disconnected It's wretched.
But it helps me get through the trenches.
The revelation bullshit making.
Dumbass vicinity I've been placed in.
I'm pacing back and forth in front of satans gate.
So is this my fate I'm asking as I'm.
Shooting demons down fighting off possession.
All So god will give me a clean slate.
Then I blew up the gate cuz.
I'm getting rid of all this hate and anger.
But the farther I walk the stranger I feel.
Like I'm about to get killed.
Now I'm walking across a burning field.
Dogs stalking Stomach churning.
And I see the devil look him in the eyes.
And to my surprise.
I wake up  Deep Voice.
And I believe all the lies.
And see that all the people continued there life's.

The world did end but people didn't notice because they were placed into a.
different dimension or in other words the matrix.
He still lives his days clouded but does not realize that he is in the matrix.
living a false reality.

