21 Questions21 Answers Lyrics
by 50 Cent.


New York City 
You are now ridin'. 
With 50 Cent 
You got ta love it 
 
I, just wan na chill and twist the la 
Catch stunts in my 745 
You drive me crazy shorty. I 
Need to see you and feel you next to me. 
I provide everything you need and I 
Like your smile. I don't want to see you cry 
Got, some questions that I got to ask and I 
Hope you can come up with the answers: babe 
 
Cuz I just wan na chill and take a ride 
Shotgun in your 7-45 
Oh baby. You know I got your back and I need to feel you next to me. 
We got a baby and you know that I 
Would have another man. I want your child 
Sometimes. I really wan na cry cause. The love is so good, 
 
Girl, it's easy to love me now, 
Would! You love me. If I was down and out 
Would, you still have love for me. 
 
Boy. If you really love me now, 
Can we walk down the aisle 
Cause. You know I'm gon na hold you down 
Cause when you was down and out. 
I was still around 
You gettin' money now, but I still got love for you. 
 
If. I fell off tomorrow. Would you still love me 
If? I didn't smell so good. Would you still hug me 
If? I got locked up and sentenced to a quarter century 
Could. I count on you to be there and support me mentally 
If. I went back to a hoopty from a Benz 
Would you poof and disappear. Like some of my friends 
If. I was hit and I was hurt, would you be by my side 
If it was time to put in work. Would you be down to ride 
I, get out and peel a nigga cap chill and drive 
I'm askin' questions to find out how you feel inside 
If? I ain't rap cause I flipped burgers at Burger. King 
Would. You be ashamed to tell your friends you're feelin' me 
In the bed. If I used my tongue, would you like that 
If? I wrote you a love letter. Would you write back 
Now? We can have a lil' drink. You know a nightcap 
And. We could do what you like. I know you like that 
 
If you fell off tomorrow. You could stay at my crib 
If, you didn't smell so good. I would still have your kid 
If. You got locked up, I'd put money on your books. 

You could still keep the hoopty if you couldn't cop, a Benz 
Boy I'd, never dip out like some of your friends 
If the boys try to get you I'd, be by your side, 
Like Cleo from Set it Off and you know I'll ride. 
If. You got ta peel, a cap baby, do it papi 
And. If a chick wan na a piece of me, I know you got me: 
You have to work at Mickey, D's or Burger King I'd. Be there for you, cause I
kknow. We got ta eat. 
I ain't got too many friends. You know that babe 
If, you use your tongue baby I'll behave. 
You know I don't drink cause. I wan na have ur baby 
Cause, I'm your girl and them other chicks is maybe 
 
Girl. It'S easy to love me now. 
Would. You love me if I was down and out 
Would, you still have love for me, 
 
Now. Would you leave me if your father found out? I was thuggin' 
Do. You believe me. When I tell you you the one I'm lovin' 
Are you mad cause, I'm askin'! You 21 questions, 
Are, you, my soulmate. Are you the one for me Cause if so girl you a blessing 
Do? You trust me enough to tell me your dreams, 
I'm starin', at ya, trying to figure how you got in them. Jeans 
If, I was down. Would you say things to make me smile 
I, treat you how you want to be treated just teach me how 
If I was with some other chick, and someone happened to see 
And when you asked me about it. I said it wasn't me 
Would, you believe me or up and leave me 
How. Deep, is our bond. If that's all it takes for you to be gone. 
We only humans, girl, we make mistakes, 
To make it up I'll, do whatever it takes. 
I love you like a fat, kid love, cake, 
You, know my style. I say anything to make. You smile, 
, 
Girl. It'S easy to love me now! 
Would! You love me. If I was down and out 
Would, you still have love for me. 
 
Boy! If you really love me now, 
Can we walk down the aisle 
Cause. You know, I'm gon na hold you down 
Cause when you was down and out. 
I was still around 
You gettin' money now, but I still got love for you. 
 
Could. You love me in a Bentley 
Could. You love me on a bus, 
I'll, ask 21 questions and they all about us 
 
If. You only knew how I feel 
Boy. You would know that my love is for real 
21 answers to the questions you got. 
I'Ll always love you. If you got money or not
 
