21 Thousand Units Lyrics
by Twisted Insane.


Who would ever have thought it would get this big, 
With, DVD's and screens in the back of the whip 
Run up on the homies they gon na. Let you know we activate and shit 
Pulling a millimeter gun right, outta the trunks against the clock and I'm
quick 
Never know when a sucker come up and poppin' their brain 
Put'em up on the seat and the shovin their lips into drains 
Doin' the sick over Twisted Insane 
That'S what you get when your off of the reala' 
Took you to death, stood on my chest and beating it like a pounding
gorilla 
Put'em off of the cuz'. I got my fans who be spraying the shit by the
dozens 
Never, changing my music, I'm giving you heat. You can feel it when bustin 
Making it worse and worse, making them all melt, 
Making sure that my presence is felt 
Secretly, sending a subliminal message for help. 
Make'Em unbuckle my belt 
 
I'm more than a gangster, I'm Twisted Insane nigga 
You could build a snowman with the rocks on my chains. Nigga 
They might talk a good game and they might got lumps 
But. I got 21 Thousand Units all in the trunk. 
 
I got 21 thousand Units all in the trunk. Yeah 
I got 21 thousand Units all in the trunk. Uh huh 
I got 21 thousand Units all in the trunk 
And I be hitting 22 by the end of the month, 
 
Now. If the majors don't hit me, they got ta, be stupid. 
And. I ain't even put my shit in the van up off of Euclid 
Vision my come up everyday 
Everyday. I make new fans 
Now everybody and everybody's mama wan na know who I am 
I, am the sickest spit'em with venom when I'm off of the chain 
Hit'em up with the gas when hurting they brain 
Spilling. My cup, when I'm passing my thang 
Run up on it. When your'e supposed to be gangsta 
Post to be sick, Sick of theses, people wolfin when they supposed to saints 
Sick of the radio 
Sick of the paper 
Sick of the shit on screen, 
I, wake up everyday thinking about ashes to greens, 
 with the Vaseline 
Feeling like They supposed be a booster 
Two, different colors to choose on my feet: 
Leave a nigga. Looking like a punkie brewster 
 
Here. He comes with a box of CD's shoes and clothes and jewels with Green
T's 
I sold 21 Thousand Units homie, that's real spit 
Other's. They get pressed up and then that they box it 
But. I be the one asking the people if they listen to music 
Pushing, my CD, giving your money back if you did not get addicted to it, 
Drinking a fifth of that Hennessy fluid 
Taking, a swig feeling a booster
 
