211-187 Lyrics
by U.N.L.V..


211S at night 187s in the day light 
Nigga. We just don't give a fuck 
211s at night 187s in the day light 
Nigga. We just don't give a fuck 
 
Nigga's be try'na rep and some fool's 
Be try'na buck, but Lil' Ya, that type of 
Nigga. That just don't give a fuck 
But Nathan and if you hatin', then 
You's a hater, but I'm straight out that three 
So how the fuck you gon na fade her 
Soldier. With a heart made of steel 
Like, my nigga B. I handle business on the real and 
Then. I chill make my rounds pick up my car from 
My bitches cuz, I be hittin''em regular, like 
Dre, be hittin' his switches 
Clockin' my riches as I stroll through my hood 
Puffin' on a blunt givin' love where it's all good and 
For you nigga's, who ain't? Go? No love, 
I ain't got no love for you, chumps 
Cuz, I'm a smoke'em and choke'em 
Like, a Philly Blunt 
Yeah, I'm gettin' my grove on 
I'm, ready to move on 
To another level rob some nigga's or 
Whatever. I got big nut's 
I got a big heart. Like I said, it's been that way: 
Since fuckin' start. You know me from my 
Fuckin' crew. You know what I'm bound to do. 
I got a pit, I'm ready to spit 
I'm ready to serve to uhh 
 
I. Even got's the boogy bangin' at'cha 
Grab, my Zookie. If I have to 
Daze you up like Daz 
I, don't give a fuck like Kurupt 
I'm, dismantlin' MC's that come against me 
Me and the Tecster in broad day light 
We comin' to do thee, fuck it 
Of course. I'M a show, no remorse 
Don't mean the boss. I never forget hoes 
 
I'm gettin' skiet, like that. I'M slippery, like ease, wax 
I chop ya down like a disciple with my riffle 
As. If a white boy, you disrespected my a-gender and 
Called me a nigga 
 
, {, Yella Boy, }, 
, 
I'm dumpin', you bitches out like Boss, Hog 
I, don't give a fuck about y'all 
You, don't know what I would do to you 
But. I know what'cha will do to you. 
I would serve you. I would fuck clean over you. 
 
Y'all know that I'm back 
Like brand new wax on brand new Cadalac's 
I'm mourin', I'm yawnin' plus I just 
Lost my equipment bag, 
 
Sweatin' like a Zoo-Loo to do you 
It's best you fuckin' scram 
I'm, a champion. I'M dumpin' on'em 
I'm actin' a motherfuckin' donkey, on'em, 
 
I'm bout to do a jack 
I got on all black 
In my hand lies a tool that 
I call my Mack 
It's, like my best friend cuz, when 
I spin, the bin, it don't get jammed. 
Bullet'S chargin', like a ram 
You bet's, believe when them hollow's hit'cha 
You goin' in pocket. Bitch, you better drop it 
One nigga tested my nut's. He had the nerve to flex and 
On. His arm was a Rolex. He flinched for 
His gat that was stashed in his suit coat. 
I had to show him. I had to fuck over him 
Stunt a fuckin' lick of that hit and it was on 
Then. I put the key's on the lab and 
Niggas started. Pushin' slab's 
My pocket's started gettin' swole 
My knot has thickened 
That's how it is when 
Nigga, like Ya, is flippin' halves to 
Quickers Quarter, Bird's to Bird's 
Keep, a brew full of rock's 
Cuz. My bitch need a serve 
Uploadin' kilt puttin' in clip's at the 
Same time. Beatin' you nigga's down 
With my bat. If I ain't got that iron 
Leave yo Mama cryin', why you shot my only son, 
Gave him three to the head smoke a blunt now, I'm done 
Give me a bag of that helllo and snort it up. My nostril 
Drain got me loose as a goose and I wan na shot 
We put in work, doin' dirt everyday 
It's, twelve noon, let's go get somebody 
To buy some yae can't be no miner 
Got to be a Big Tymer, because I'' m down to 
Pill a Couple of cap's and get these nigga's out, they snap's 
Cuz, I'm 
, 
You bitches, don't know the fuckin' size of this shit 
I'm. On the rise with this shit, 
See tommorow, the fuckin' clip bitch 
2-2-6, my boy's comin' 
Mag-11 hollow tip's, nigga 
Better start runnin' 
When. I start comin' up the block 
With my Glock, like a mad man. 
In a mad rage face is caught on the front page 
Let them bitches catch me down bad 
With, my 12-gage 
 
You despise. Why I'm up in disguise? 
Now you paralyzed, plus, you realize 
To stop playin' with me. 
My click is quick to let them bullet's fly 
Click, ya, fuckin' self, ya! Bitch! You 
For! You get downed 
 
We droppin''em, stop playin' with me: 
Stop playin', with me
 
