23 Lyrics
by Yungen.


Yo.
Yungen.
23, my birthday's today.
No pre-record.
Alright SB it's been a minute man.
Look.

I don't even do grime.
Went from a Q to them fans in a Q at my sold out show, you know I've always.
been a man for them lines.
From South London, all we know is grind.
Some went the church road, some man died.
Ask about me, I ain't never run away from no scraps but God forgive me if I.
bust my 9.
God forgive me if I take your girl.
God forgive me if I ain't been writing bars, I was writing my bro in jail.
Been 3 months, he ain't had no mail.
Shit got real, I was in Madrid when I got the call that he never got.
bail.
Now he's in a box and he's looking at a 12, that's the last thing I wanted to.
hear on myself.
We in the 7.
You know Play Dirty, you know Section.
You know Stormzy, that's my bredrin.
My size running tings no questions.
Them man can't fuck with the South right now let alone try fuck with my G's.
Don't ask me where is the love, man will get black eyed for my.
P's.
I made like 20 grand off my mixtape, another 10 grand off shows.
All them girls wanna suck my dick mate, why the hell would I still be on road.
Fake rappers don't wanna support, maybe because them man there are getting.
knowed.
Yeah you've got more followers than me, but I know how much he did you sold.
Man can't chat to me, I've got fans.
You're still hoping the AC bangs.
Tryna stack mo', make more grands.
If I ain't done it yet, best know it's in the plans.
So, this year I need a MOBO.
They must've thought that I lost my MOJO.
I've been getting girls all my life, I might have beat your's to Casey and.
JoJo.
Man might drop a mixtape with Bo-bo.
Do it no promo.
Young OG shit, I be on my low so.
Everywhere I go now they wanna take photos.
But I'm still the same old kid, still running with the same old crew.
Really started from the bottom like Drake, so you know success is.
due.
But I'm in the bits, I'm with the clique.
My bro Scrap just spent 30 on a whip.
I'm with a chick, don't give brain but she tick.
Big bum make me bus' quick.
I don't ever slip.
Better know bro's got the....
You don't wanna get your wig clipped.
I was getting knicked.
You was getting wrapped in cotton way before I did that tune with Chip.
I was the lightskinned saviour, galdem taker.
?
Chestnut jumper, Huarache sneaker.
Been ten years I still ain't beat Shaniquea.
Been ten years since I beat the first nina.
Beat man, take a man's money on FIFA.
Still tryna get my bro S that VISA.
Put more money on my VISA.
Hey, look, man better know that there's limits.
Man better know if his girl's in the club then I'm leaving with her and them.
digits.
I ain't into no funny man business.
So miss me with them gimmicks.
I hear a couple Uni man tryna be critics.
Like I don't get your Uni loan in 10 minutes.
Yeah I get chips and I get it in portions.
Them man there can never catch up, that's a warning and a caution.
The mandem tell me I'm hard, the posh kids tell me I'm awesome.
Thank God I got to see 23 and I'm still running the game in my Jordans.
Bang, they ain't on nothing.

