25 Lighter by Z-Ro Lyrics
by Z-Ro.

Talking 
Hold up Z-Ro, the Crooked aka King of the Ghetto 
Screwed Up Click soldier for life, 
Know. What I'm talking about 
Mo-City stand up in this motherfucker 
Know, what I'm saying: 
My nigga gardy in this bitch? What'S up my nigga 
Huh inside out that boy Harlem done touch ground 
Hold up man know what I'm saying: ridgemont fo for life, 
Redmond ridas, nigga, redmond, hard heads, 
Huh ya'll, feel me. Man rest in peace to that nigga, Goudy, 
That, nigga, LL man know what I'm saying: 
Shit man, it's fuck up, man 
Rest in peace to to that nigga, E-mar 
We, going to hold it down. You know what I'm talking about. 
And, that's Real Talk, 
Z-Ro, Freestyle, 
25 Lighters on my dresser. Yes, sir 
Got, a bad black bitch that drives a black compressor. 
You know I'm smoking on that herb 
Every damn day just to calm my damn nerves, 
Screwed Up Click; ain't, never going to switch 
Nigga, build a ditch for a motherfucking snitch 
Talking to the laws given up info. 
Catch me at the pad black lamp smoking, indo 
Sipping on drank on a whole liter 
This for nigga Moe. I got a nine millimeter 
And, a 45., I'm a keep. It live 
Do it in 08', like in 95', 
That was the year. I made it clear 
Wrecken on the microphone to get away from here: 
I'm reppin' for the south, with diamonds in my mouth, 
And, diamonds, on my hands and diamonds in my house, 
Shinning, so bright, 
Even in the night 
Smoking on cush. What the fuck is top flight 
I'm only on the good bitch. I wish you would 
Keeping it all world ya'll, keeping it all hood 
Trying to get paper pull another capper 
Man. My house is swoah, something like Tony Drapper 
Got to get. My mill from my record. Sell 
This time last year I was in a jail cell 
Waiting for commissary waiting on mail call 
Man. I can't wait till I get free cause, I'm a ball 
Put it in they face free. My partner, Grace 
What's up to that Los. What'S cracking cause, I'm straight lase 
What's up to that Pokey 
What's up to that Woldy 
Always, kept it real, never act like they ain't know me 
Soldier Boy, love Z-Ro is who I am 
Back in the days signed with that ex fam 
Me in the phat, and That Street Military 
R, I P Maleak in the day in the cemetery 
But it ain't over chip. On my shoulder. 
Catch me brand new candy blue range rover 
Rollin to the end. My skin is my sin. 
And, like LiL KeKe, say it never will ever end 
Gots to keep flowing, I'm a keep it going 
Back in 92'. I probably could kick your door in 
Nigga. Lay it down. Lay it down. You hoes lay it down 
I reppin' for the South Side of that H-Town 
Screwed Up Click until it's over with 
AK with catch bag. On my shoulder, bitch 
You will die fucking with that Ro 
He ain't never been a bitch. He ain't never been no hoe. 
Don'T know how to be a broad, don't know how to be a mark. 
I put the rubbers on cause. It just turn: dark 
Mashing on the gas pocket full of cash 
Looking for a yellow bone bitch with big ass 
I ain't disrespecting just telling the truth. 
Ya'Ll know how I do it when I gets up in the booth 
I'm a go hard till I chip my fucking tooth 
In, a fly, murder, four door of coof 
Yeah. I get my paper yeah. I get my bread 
I, don't give a damn what you bitch niggas done said. 
Talking down on me cause I'm a get! My spread! 
I ain't tripping, I'm in the kitchen, whippin' up a batch 
Batch of them pies for all the time, guys 
Watching out for the FED they be in disguise, 
Looking, like G looking like ballas 
Looking like ture money, making shot callas 
But them boys laws yeah. That'S them! Folks, 
I ain't tripping cause. I know it's hot. On postoak 
Back. In the day I had a pocket full of rocks 
24/7 365 around the clock, 
About to get paid stacking up. My paper 
I hit a lick, then it's time for me to lay low 
Just, run on my screen on 360 playing Halo 
Hoes, dropping like it's hot, when ever I say so: 
Cause I'm the man diamonds on my hand, 
Got big bass in the back of the Blue van 
It's, blue over gold, the story been told, 
Benjamin franklin and two blacks, wheel, 4 
My flow is real cold. I ain't never been wacked 
And. Thanks to Bun-B and Pimp-C. I got two gold plaques 
They hanging on my wall. Pimp. I miss you dog 
Bun-B ride for that boy and make them crawl, 
Do it for the south and do it for the Hawk 
And who ever don't like it, keep my dick up in they mouth 
I'm Screwed Up Click till they lay me in my casket 
I Ride around Houston, with that plastic 
Hand on my steel wood grain wheel, 
You can hardy see me with the diamonds on my grill 
You can hide behind the parts of diamonds on my wrist 
And can't nobody do it like me cause. I do it like this 
And. Never had love for a bitch 
All, I'm trying to really do is get rich 
Trying to get my fucking bread, baby 
Ride in mercedes. I know a nigga hate me 
But. I don't give a damn nah. I don't give a fuck 
Riding on drapped up 26's. On my truck 
Hell yeah bitch, I know they large 
Got three foreigns cars in my garage 
I, never sabotage my fucking career 
Had, to make it clear and I shed another tear 
But nigga, I'm real bumper and grill 
When. I do my music, it's the music. You can feel 
Cause, I'm just a G riding one deep 
And. Every time I ride I ride with gun on seat 
Watching out for jackers cause. I know they scoping 
Trying to leave a real niggas head wide, open, 
Pulling down swangas cause they ain't, clacking 
I'm rolling on 20 inch, 4's bitch what happening 
Looking so fly. I don't smoke fry 
Got to be a G till the day that I die 
That's. My big homie boy that Lil Ke 
Boy, you know I love you, it's you and me 
In this damn thing we going to do it for the Screw: 
And do it for the South and I'm a do it for you 
And you going to do it! For me, it's S.U.C 
Screwed Up Click. Until I D I E 
Nigga, don't get me crunk watch me pop trunk 
Smoking on cush ain't, never seen skunk 
Man, I'm so throwed caught me in the zone. 
I! Don'T give a fuck about you, calling on my phone 
I fucks with the stripper versace on my zipper 
This, the nigga Ro taper fade with the clipper 
I brought my partner for my partner, Paul 
About to make a million dollars and buy the whole mall 
Call that Bitch Mo-Town and it's gon na go down 
A couple of day from now I got a show in your town, 
And, I'm a get paid and I'm a get laid 
And every car I drive candy paint going to get sprayed, 
On the doors nigga and on the Side, dog 
And. I ain't scared. I got jesus on my side, dog 
Hit, the church house and then go work out 
And after that you it's time to pull the purp out. 
And, I'm a roll one and I'm a smoke one 
And, I'm a roll one and I'm a smoke one 
And, I'm a roll one and I'm a smoke one 
Now, I'm out of my mind: that's what that smoke done. 
But, I'm a maintain still in the same game. 
But only thing ain't making the same change, 
I getting paid boy. You better believe that 
A grammy on my shelf, I'm a achieve that 
Cause. I can do it nigga even tho. You say I can't 
But. I don't give a fuck about ya'll, I'm about my bank 
I hope you feel that bitch nigga you 
You, could put your wig back ain't. Nobody going to be missing. You 
You a hoe nigga, not a role. Nigga 
Cause Z-Ro make more doe nigga 
More versus more mixtapes. More shows nigga 
And. I ain't ever at home, I'm on the road nigga 
I'm chasing fedi baby ya'll ain't ready, baby 
Yeah, I'm living like a motherfucking chevy baby 
Or like a ford, I'm buit ford, ford, tough 
Blowing on that real real purple, purple stuff 
Talking about that cush got it From the band tho 
Watch me come down with my pistol. In my hand, hoe 
Don't run up on me. If you don't want to get shot, 
I'm a grab, my remote and give it all that I got 
Hold up. Man hold up: 
Z-Ro Freestyle, 
\, --, -
, 
