25 Lighters Lyrics
by Z-Ro.

Hold up Z-Ro the crooked AKA king of the ghetto.
Screwed Up Click soldier for.
life.
You know what I'm talking about?
Mo' City stand up in this motherfucker.
You know what I'm saying?
My nigga Grady in this bitch. What's up my nigga?
Huh, inside out, that boy Harv done.
touch ground.
Hold up man. You know what I'm saying? Ridgemond for life.
Ridgemond riders nigga Ridgemond hard heads.
Huh, y'all feel me man, rest in peace to that nigga Jody.
That nigga LL man. You know what I'm saying?
Shit man it's fucked up man.
Rest in peace to to that nigga E-mo.
We gon' hold it down. You know what I'm talking about?
And that's real talk.

25 Lighters on my dresser, yes sir.
Got a bad black bitch that drives a black Kompressor.
You know I'm smoking on that herb.
Every damn day just to calm my damn nerves.
Screwed Up Click ain't never gon' switch.
Nigga build a ditch for a motherfucker snitch.
Talking to the laws given up info.
Catch me at the pad black lamp or smoking indo.
Sipping on drank on a whole liter.
This for nigga moe I got a 9 millimeter.
And a .45 I'm a keep it live.
In 08' like I did in 95'.
That was the year I made it clear.
Wrecking on the microphone to get away from here.
I'm reppin' for the south with diamonds in my mouth.
And diamonds on my hands &amp;; diamonds in my house.
Shining so bright Even in the night.
Smoking on kush. What the fuck is top flight?
I'm only on the good, bitch I wish you would.
Keeping it all world y'all keeping it all hood.
Trying to get paper pull another caper.
Man my house is suave something like Tony Draper.
Got to get my mill from my record sell.
This time last year I was in a jail cell.
Waiting for commissary waiting on mail call.
Man I can't wait 'til I get free cause I'm a ball.
Put it in they face free my partner Grace.
What's up to that Los what's cracking.
cause I'm straight lase.
What's up to that Pokey.
What's up to that Woodey.
Always kept it real never act like they ain't know me.
Soldier boy love Z-Ro is who I am.
Back in the days signed with that x band.
Me in that phat &amp; that Street Military.
R I P Maleak in the day in the cemetery.
But it ain't over chip on my shoulder.
Catch me brand new candy blue range rover.
Rollin' to the end my skin is my sin.
And like Lil' Keke say it never will ever end.
Gots to keep flowing I'm a keep it going.
Back in 92' I probably did kick your door in.
Nigga lay it down lay it down you hoes lay it down.
I reppin' for the South Side of that H-Town.
Screwed Up Click until it's over with.
AK with catch bag on my shoulder bitch.
You will die fucking with that Ro.
He ain't never been a bitch he ain't never been no ho.
Don't know how to be a broad don't know how to be a mark.
I put my bubbas on cause it just turned dark.
Mashing on the gas pocket full of cash.
Looking for a yellow bone bitch with big ass.
I ain't disrespecting just telling the truth.
Y'all know how I do it when I gets up in the booth.
I'm a go hard 'til I chip my fucking tooth.
In a fly murder 4 door of the coop.
Yeah I get my paper yeah I get my bread.
I don't give a damn what you bitch niggas done said.
Talking down on me cause I'm a get my spread.
I ain't tripping I'm in the kitchen whipping up a batch.
Batch of them pies for all the time guys.
Watching out for the FEDs they be in disguise.
Looking like G's looking like ballers.
Looking like true money making shot callers.
But them boys laws yeah that's them folks.
I ain't tripping cause I know it's hot on Post Oak.
Back in the day I had a pocket full of rocks.
24/7 365 around the clock.
About to get paid stacking up my paper.
I hit a lick &amp; then it's time for me to lay low.
In front of my screen on 360 playing Halo.
Hoes'll drop it like it's hot when ever I say so.
Cause I'm the man diamond on my hand.
Got big bass in the back of the blue van.
It's blue over gold the story been told.
Benjamin Franklin Andrew Jackson in by billfold.
My flow is real cold I ain't never been whacked.
And thanks to Bun B &amp; Pimp C I got 2 gold plaques.
They hanging on my wall pimp I miss you dog.
Bun B ride for that boy &amp; make them crawl.
Do it for the south &amp; do it for the Hawk.
And who ever don't like it keep my dick up in they mouth.
I'm Screwed Up Click 'til they lay me in my casket.
I ride around Houston with that plastic.
Hand on my steel wood grain wheel.
You can buy a Denali with the diamond on my grill.
You can but an apartment with the.
diamonds on my wrist.
And can't nobody do it like me cause I do it like this.
Ain't never had love for a bitch.
All I'm really trying to do is get rich.
Trying to get my fucking bread baby.
Ride in Mercedes I know a nigga hate me.
But I don't give a damn nah I don't give a fuck.
Riding on draped up 26's on my truck.
Hell yeah bitch I know they large.
Got 3 foreign cars in my garage.
I never sabotage my fucking career.
Had to make it clear &amp; I shed another tear.
But nigga I'm real bumper &amp; the grill.
When I do my music it's the music you can feel.
Cause I'm just a G riding one deep.
And every time I ride I ride with gun on seat.
Watching out for jackers cause I know they scoping.
Trying to leave a real niggas head wide open.
Pulling down swangers cause they ain't clacking.
I'm rolling on 20 inch 4's bitch what happening.
Looking so fly I don't smoke fry.
Got to be a G 'til the day that I die.
That's my big homey boy that Lil' Ke.
Boy you know I love you it's you &amp; me.
In this damn thing we gon' do it for Screw.
And do it for the side &amp; I'm a do it for you.
And you gon' do it for me it's S.U.C.
Screwed Up Click until I D I E.
Nigga don't get me crunk watch me pop trunk.
Smoking on kush ain't never seen skunk.
Man I'm so throwed caught me in the zone.
I don't give a fuck about you calling on my phone.
I fucks with the stripper versace on my zipper.
This the nigga Ro taper fade with the clipper.
I brought my partner for my partner Paul.
About to make a million dollars &amp;.
buy the whole mall.
Call that bitch Ro' Town &amp; it's gon' go down.
A couple of day from now I got a show in your town.
And I'm a get paid &amp; I'm a get laid.
And every car I drive, candy paint gon' get sprayed.
On the doors nigga &amp; on the side dog.
And I ain't scared I got Jesus on my side dog.
Hit the church house &amp; then go work out.
And after that you it's time to pull the purp out.
And I'm a roll one then I'm a smoke one.
And I'm a roll one then I'm a smoke one.
And I'm a roll one then I'm a smoke one.
Now I'm out of my mind that's what that smoke done.
But I'm a maintain still in the same game.
But only thing ain't making the same change.
I'm getting paid boy you better believe that.
A Grammy on my shelf I'm a achieve that.
Cause I can do it nigga even though you say I can't.
But I don't give a fuck about y'all I'm about my bank.
I hope you feel that bitch look at you.
You could put your wig back ain't nobody will be missing you.
You a ho nigga not a role nigga.
Cause Z-Ro make more dough nigga.
More versus more mixtapes more shows nigga.
And I ain't ever at home I'm on the road nigga.
I'm chasing fedi baby y'all ain't ready baby.
Yeah I'm heavy like a motherfucking chevy baby.
Or like a ford I'm built ford tough.
Blowing on that real real purple purple stuff.
Talking about that kush got it from the band though.
Watch me come down with my pistol in my hand ho.
Don't run up on me if you don't want to get shot.
I'm a grab my remote &amp; give it all that I got.
Hold up man hold up.
Bring that bitch back.

