2nd 2 no 1 Lyrics
by Twiztid.

Shaggy 2 Dope.
Just understand this. We ain't second to no one.
Psychopathic has been and always will be number one.
Twiztid in this bitch. 2 Dope in this bitch. Yo momma in this bitch.
Yo momma's momma's great grannies momma's up in this bitch. YEAAHHHHHH!

Monoxide.
Like Stevie.
I make em wonder why they're staring out their eyes but they still can't see.
me.
I'm on your mind like a beanie.
Blessed by the son of a fiend through a cassette and a CD.
So many wish like a genie.
That I would just go away but I'm everywhere like graffiti.
I want it all out of peace, I'm greedy.
Wanna increase everything while I'm here and my heart is beating.
Shooting for the stars is easy.
It's not falling apart when you are one believe me.
I'm so far from the cheesy.
But I'm sharp keep the cheddar and the blueprint parked in the same place.
Like a new whip in the dark so when I'm through with leaving a mark and.
abusing anything from music to making movies.
You can start feeling like you're the first one to do it but right now, we're.
the only ones that see through it.

All I need is one night.
One Night.
One stage.
All I got is one life.
One story.
It ain't gonna change.
From the moonlight straight to the sun.
I ain't second to none.
Make it clear like you're waving a gun.
I ain't second to none.

Madrox.
Second to none and.
First to myself I'm.
Bitter for always being eleventh or twelfth and.
Tired of doing shit for the sake of my health while.
Watching these fat cat's states double in wealth and.
Telling me lucky if another record sell.
Cause the economy got us all headin' straight to hell well.
CDs are destined for landfills.
Cause the music industry indecisive in a comatose standstill.
The media say we're too sick for the air waves.
Hoping we clean it up and suck somebody dick for air play.
We old school not the next gen rappers.
Self absorbed and full of shit just like some pampers.
Dumb bastards to yourself you're a hazard.
And you wonder why your book only consists of one chapter.
Short lived like careers and my patience.
So close to my last supper I can almost taste it.

Monoxide.
I'm the Peyton to the Manning, the.
greatest one in your family.
Hope you understand that I'm never here for the Grammy.
Even though I thank the radio and need it badly.
They'll never give me the time of day cause I don't keep it swaggy.
Maybe if I change my everything to make them happy.
I could fade away like the rest of the people they've enchanted.
And granted I'm getting blazed and living lavish.
I knew it from the beginning that this isn't what I'm after.
Please release me if I'm captured.
That means I'm going backwards.
And kiss so many asses to get a track heard.
Instead I keep my back turned.
Middle fingers is the answer.
The media Industry's nothing but cancer.

