2nd Delivery Lyrics
by Sway UK.


Dcypha 
It's, my second delivery, 
 
This ain't, camera 
This ain't vado 
This - is that rapper named sway, dasafo 
King of Picasso, UK's Movado 
Because, I'm breaking bread with Jamaicans hardough 
Black African. They call me donny darko 
But in this mad world, I'm fair half bro 
I, love money. I take it from anybody 
And, I'm! Never sorry! When I leave an ex like heart broke, 
See the horns: I've got them saying: bravo, 
Welcome to the delivery two. This is my parcel 
And, I'm a Shepherd. My staff is working hard 
So. The only lambs that I'll be rolling with'll be gollado's. 
Or phantoms of the oprah 
Because. I'M tryna make that money like harpo 
I got that tax free dirty money in my hand, see 
Got the whole team saying ah gross 
They got my back like barcodes 
Set up president. Even though most of us can't vote 
Because, they got cases that can't close 
So much money involved. Bro you can't fold 
There's, so many whips behind us. 
I, don't know if this is a slave. Ship or car show 
I talk a lot of shit 
I'm, an asshole 
Anyway Kunta Kinte, the O.G 
I told you mudasukas that my name's not tobi, 
Put me back on my boat, please. I wana see Kofi 
Annan one hand up on the beach
like. Oh see 
Chilling in the shades and I ain't talkin Oakley 
Sway's always been the sun ray that they don't see. 
Prince Charles of the rap game, where oh me, 
Britain's number one rapper everybody owes me 
So pay up or don't sleep 
Better stay up. I'M coming to your home g 
Playing, with my money's, like playing with my emotions, 
So I'mma start Robinsons. Smokey 
Here is sway again 
That's what the haters sayin 
From two thousand and eleven 
I got it covered, like Arabians 
They, better run for cover 
Cause, I'm coming for the game again 
And. They won't see my face. 
Like the cover of casabian 
Left me in the rain, and now this brothers got his flame again 
I'm ready to aim I'm back in the gym, ready to train again. 
Careering it all rocky, but I'm blamin it on Adrian 
My age is tweny eight. So I got no space to be playin 
Seeking the space to flow he's outa this world. I fink he's alien 
Ready to face off with anybody face to face wid em 
The animal has just escaped from nicolas's cage. Again, 
Your crew are from the apes. Well, I'm ready to raider theme 
And, I ain't stopping at the white flag like a Canadian 
Red, I'm gon na be paintin them without a new leaf 
I'm ready to draw the blood of anyone using my name in vain again 
And. I will go insane if they don't. Let me, in the game, 
I'll go into the palladuium with pockets full of uranium ready to explain
again 
 
