2SEATER Lyrics
by Tyler.


We can speed in my 2 seater 
Girl, I got a 2 seater 
Speed in my 2 seater 
In, my 2 seater 
 
About, a hundred on Fax and it's easy to stop. 
You see my shit. Isn'T stock 
I used to piss in a pot? And now I piss on the walls 
Since I pissed off a cop, a couple tickets. I have copped 
But. I can pay for them all 
And by the model of my vehicle. You know that I ball 
E92 but'91 the year that Tyler was spawned 
And. If I crash in the woods then I'ma follow with this 
Tiptronic stick or
automatic, you pick. 
Shit is static as shit sure my shit is a M 
Might. Get that X6 end. Don'T follow exit him 
Might take back street hidden 
House got all sports cars like his garage is gym, 
Two sapphires on him neck. Next, his precious gems, 
Now AMG. It'S in boy. I will eat him, Benz 
New engine. You got that old shit with those deep rims 
You got a warranty, don't care if you scratchin rims again, 
 
We can speed. In my 2 seater 
Girl, I got a 2 seater 
Speed in my 2 seater 
In, my 2 seater 
 
Sit in my passenger seat. 
You tell me: I got too much speed 
And, I should slow. I should slow down 
But. I can't cause. You drive me wild 
Girl. I get a rush when we're speeding in my car 
Sometimes it's too much 
And. You can feel the wind in my heart 
Girl. I get a rush when we're speeding in my car 
Sometimes. It'S too much 
 
I know some dudes. That would find you that carry rugers 
And, shottas and fucking shoot at your Honda, 
Then fucking zoom out in Mazdas 
Them GOLF boys is bad for you, like the food from McDonalds 
Boy, I'm a king and I ain't lyin' boy, hakuna matata, 
Better watch for them hyenas. If you flex, then they swarm 
Cashing, so many checks there calling him Tyler O-Comma 
I'm tryna ball like I was Domo Okonma, but oh nada, 
Probably September ... 
Boy, I'm just rhyming. These syllables suck my genitals 
Album cover, looking like the mascot of the timberwolves 
Skate park. At Pemberton 
Hoping that I ditched the chords and go pick up the pen again 
Cause, I kill the dark shit like I'm motherfucking Zimmerman 
Turn around and lose pounds like I'm fucking, Timbaland 
By pounds. I mean in 
Give it till he cop brick, like a wall with pig in it. 
And money coming out. The blue 
Like cops are changing, fits or shit. I'M killin' it 
 
Back. When Left Brain had the hightop fade 
And we would go skate on them. Concrete waves 
And now I switch gears to hear the cylinders pump. 
The beat thump, don't get it twisted boy, my board's in the trunk 
 
Skit 
Girl. Can you roll my window up 
Tyler The fuck. You turn my music down for man 
Girl. Can you roll my window up 
Tyler? Why Damn 
Girl Cause it's windy, 
Tyler? But I love it when your hair ... 
 
Blows, when it blows when it blows 
When your hair blows 
Hanging out the sunroof. 
I love it when your hair blows 
When it blows when it blows when it blows 
Hanging out the sunroof. 
I love it when your hair blows 
When it blows when it blows when your hair blows 
Hanging out the sunroof 
Listening to Mac DeMarco 
Hanging out the roof window 
Switch to third gear turbo 
Skrting on these niggas 
Skrting on these bitches 
Listening to Mac DeMarco 
Hanging out The roof window 
Switch to third gear turbo 
Skrting on these niggas 
Skrting on these bitches 
, 
Interlude 
You - can say you don't want to take that drive 
But your hair, it blows 
I know we'll have a good time. 
You just got ta, stop being scared, 
Just roll 
Just come and roll with me, 
It's all good 
, 
Skit, 
Erroll, Yeah man. What'S good man, you good I've been chilling, man. I've
been doing some push-ups and shit 
Lionel For real 
Erroll 50 a day ..., Oh w-w-wait. ... is that that nigga Tyler 
Lionel, I think so 
Erroll Bitch ass nigga. Here he comes man FUCK this nigga man, this nigga
stink ... w-wait, be quiet, be quiet, 
Lionel, Ight, 
Erroll, My nigga T man. What'S good man, you good? Alright, I see you 
Tyler, I'm good man, I'm good, I'm good, 
Erroll, Ay man. I see you with your little girl. Sh-She looks ... okay.
Alright, ya'll, good man, alright, Ay your feature, don't start for another 20
minutes, so you can go get your shit up. I can go and get some shit ... and I
see you with your little jewels and shit too man 
Tyler Aw, thanks man, I'm trying man, I'm just trying 
Erroll Yeah. Let me know if you need anything .... I got you ... just ... you
know, ..., yeah 
Tyler. Alright um ... yeah we'll probably walk around and come back when the
movie starts. Whenever 
Erroll Ight man I'mma see you 
Tyler Ight my nigga ... ight 
Erroll Fucking, FAGGOT 
man, I swear to GOD, 
Lionel Yeah 
Erroll, This nigga bitch weak too 
Lionel Yeah. She is 
Erroll, God, dammit, I'd still fuck 
 
