3 in the Head Lyrics
by Run-D.M.C..

Do or die!

Run.
Come on stand up, still-a, a nigga that's gettin iller.
If you're weak and/or you're sleepin.
you get the cap I peel up.
And til-I, I kill a sucker duck dope dealer.
Sold to my brother but the ghetto stands stiller.
Still-a, standin, commandin and demandin.
From the get-go got the ghetto get a medal cause it's standin.
I'm makin a buck, they takin a buck, the tax that attacks the world.
A system built to diss em  the boys  and the girls.
They starvin, we're starvin, keepin a nine to five an'.
Try to hold us down, keep us out but we be risin.
Risin, risin, risin like the cream.
Stiggidy stiggidy stiggidy still, stiggidy standin for the team.

We put three in the head.
And the little one said roll over, roll over.
Do or die!

D.M.C..
I run amok upon the sucker duck punks that I'm steppin on.
The one you're bettin on; you're lucky like a leprechaun.
I turn my weapon on my record on, I kept it on.
Mic checkin and I'm wreckin and I'm checkin on.
So check it check it out, I'm gonna rock the house.
Without a doubta I'mma shout about to turn it out.
So take a step BACK, I gotta wreck TRACK.
I got a rep for breakin necks, I get respect black.
Darryl Mack, you're all of that.
They pray they can save the crazy rat.
They attack to mack to move him off the map.
Could never tell I fell, to hell and back.
It's beautiful -- the mic makes hits.
To the dirty, stinkin, son of a.....
I'm mad and bad and sad and highly upset.
So don't do nothin that you might regret.
Cause I'll stomp that ass, like a little insect.
Clean off my kicks  clean off my kicks.
Clean off my kicks and then STEP!

So they all rolled over and one fell out.
We put two in the head.
And the little one said, roll over, roll over!
Do or die!
We put two in the head.
And the little one said...

Run.
Now c'mon step to me do me pursue me you never knew me.
You'll be sleepin and you slept on the step.
And now your crew be sweatin me like you're sweatin the sweat.
Another groupie dissin D, now you're back on the set.
I'm makin em takin em breakin em all.
Diss em one by one.
You make the mistake of thinkin I'm soft.
Thinkin Run ain't the one.
From eighty-three and they be seein me and D and they front.
?? the suckers from the ruckus that's about to become.
Reel it back, come REWIND it's about that time.
Feelin wack, ate the swine it's about that swine.
In your body couldn't keep up at the end of the set.
Bet ya beat ya that I teach ya and you're stuck until death.

We put two in the head.
And the little one said.
We put one in the head.
And the little one said, roll over, roll over!
Do or die!

{​​*Jam Master Jay cuts*}​​.
Do or die!
Do or die!
Do.. or die!
Do or die! Do...
Do or die!
Do or die!
Do or die!
Do or die! ...

