3 on the Mic Lyrics
by 4 Broz By Broz.

DJ Oatmeal.
My name is not Rutherford,.
they call me Michael Hayes.
And my shit is like Pogs,.
because I'm the latest craze.

I walk right past you when I see you on the street.
You know my shows sell more tickets than New Hope prequels.
Make more money than Chipmunk Squeakquels.
I am the master, and you are the apprentice.
I beat your ass down when we play table tennis.
Because you rhyme fast, but I rhyme faster.
Get over on Kerr like my man Lancaster.
Because I am a man out on a mission:.
Supreme, sublime lyrical acquisition.
Playing beats on my box,.
making music for my people.
Know a lot of MCs, but none are my equal.
I'm your obsession, you came confessin'.
You get denied and pay your shrink for a session.
Roll around town, got my nine by my side.
Knocked off Fifth Third.
like Bonnie and Clyde.
I'm dusted, not rusted, and my crew comes first.
You mess with Sucka Slim, and you go home in a hearse.
Cause we got enough crack-outs, trying to befriend us.
Get ready for some truth, pass the mic to Phantom Menace.

The Phantom Menace, a.k.a. Saruman of Many Kronics.
Howdy-doo, it's the.
Phantom Menace.
I'm a frickin' Sith Lord,.
I ain't no apprentice.
Watch a PBS special on.
Jack the Ripper.
Watch it once for me, and once for the Gipper.
Shout out to my man lil' 2k10.
He's got rhymes, and better time than Big Ben.
DJ Oatmeal innovates like Wayne Szalinski.
J. Rage-a causes riots like Igor Stravinsky.
Steve Gene's favorite movie is Ernest Goes to Jail.
I'd make Half Mast a sandwich, but my bread went stale.
4 Broz By Broz, fortune and fame.
You talking 'bout practice? I'm talking 'bout the game!
Got bad sneakers, like Donald Fagen.
And I'm more Cosmic than Carl Sagan.
Like Yukon Cornelius, I.
got silver and gold.
And I beat Doom II when I.
was four years old.
If you don't believe me, get a lie detector.
We can put the results on an overhead projector.
I'mma make like a banana and split.
Tangerines use the mic as you see fit.

H Nasty Bamboo Shoots a.k.a. Tangerines.
Tangerines on the scene and I'm silken clean.
My rhymes are so sick, they'll turn your body green.
Make you bend over the toilet like Gordita Supremes.
Make your hair fall out like chemotherapy.
Skeet in your cereal like Skeeter's Jizzy Cheerios.
Perform high-flying acrobatics just like Ray Mysterio.
I overheard you asking silly questions to your grandpa.
You didn't know? I'm all about the za!
I do drugs like I was ten feet tall.
And I once got accosted while I was pooping at the mall.
I've seen a couple more ladies than Stevie Wonder.
And I pleasured them til they roared like thunder.
I Like to bed them at The Purple Grape.
And tape shapes of Severus Snape getting raped on their nape.
Now H Nasty Bamboo Shoots gonna get dippin'.
Me and DJ Oatmeal gonna have a a Pabst Blue Ribbon.

