3. Call Tha Guardz Lyrics
by X-Raided.


I lied when I said you wouldn't get smoked.
Eyes examine the barrel as I watch you choke.
Take a deep breath, cause it's your last, nigga.
Got any last words? : Fuck that pig, pull the trigga!
And that's a present from me.
For helping me out the motherfucking penitentiary.
Label me insane and the dope dealer.
Now add this to your list a cop killer.
You can go on and on, fool.
But you won't catch the X when I match in the old school.
Like some peddle masked to the floor.
And passed the hundred and flipped back to zero.
Hit 99 and I'm Southbound.
35 miles to get to Sac-Town.
I saw a brown Monte Carlo, so I start.
To hit the sirens, time to ditch this cop car.
Grabbed the gauge off the dash.
I said Get out the car, or I'm a blast.
Nigga didn't ask no questions.
I had a gat, so he followed my suggestions.
Face down, on the concrete.
All he saw was the streaks, that I left in the street.
Now all I need is a drink.
But I ain't got no cash, so let me think.
Will I walk in the store, steal on and shoot the clerk?
Fuck it, a beer run that'll work.
Got off the freeway, on 4 &amp; Row.
Food and Liquor Market, here we go.
: Can I see some I.D., please?
: Nah, let me get out the car.
: Uh, can you leave the beer here?
: Nah, I'm outta here.

: Ha, you stupid motherfucker.

Ice Cube: Never should've been let out the penitentiary.
Eazy-E: Tired of the motherfuckin' jackin'.

Rolling downtown with a forty in my lap.
Gripping a nine, and I'm eager to peel a cap.
I honked and saw a bitch at the bank teller.
I need some cash, how to get her?
Head to the lot, and found an unlit space.
I can't let the bitch see my face.
So, I crept up slow in the dark.
I said don't breathe, unless you wanna see my nine squirt.
Just like I thought, the bitch panicked.
I put the gat to her head, took her cash, and let her have it.
Watched her body drop, pulled off my mask.
Cellmate pulled out his hand and said he wanted half.
X-Raided just laughed.
Looked at him crazy, and said you can't have no cash.
And then, the nigga got mad.
Whipped out the nine on his ass and went blast.
Too much cargo in the first place.
Nigga wasn't doing shit, but taking up space.
He was my celly for a year or two.
So to kill his ass was something I've been wanting to do.
He wasn't nothing but a cracker.
Doing time in the pen with the Garden Blocc Jacker.
The motherfucker didn't know.
And now he's dead in the car, fucking with a psycho!

My dick's gone hard for all the drama.
So I'm headin' to the garden, to fuck my baby's mama.
24, the streets I know well.
When she see me, she gone be shocked as hell.
I knocked on the door, and she answered it.
I saw another nigga sitting on the couch and shit.
I walked in, the nigga tried to act Locc.
That made my day, another fool I have smoke.
I let him have it, the nigga straight dropped.
And it was time for my bitch to get mopped.
I didn't tripped though, I got my fucking zone.
Fall asleep, woke up, and the bitch was gone.
Grabbed the gauge, cause I got a weird vibe.
Peeped out the windows, and the cops was outside.
: Come on out with your hands up!
I said Fuck you pig, and you can suck my left nut!
Cocked the motherfucking 12-gauge.
Jumped out the window, and went on a rampage.
Blasting as I hid behind a car.
Havin' visions of the mothfuckin' cell-bars.
I'd rather die than go back, so take that, bitch.
I pulled the trigger, and went out like a lunatic.
Lots of lead from my gauge got discharged.
They need help to call tha guardz.

{End of the Song}.

