3
by VI Seconds.


Yo, yo.
This ain't for nobody but me.
Call me selfish.
I don't really care.
Look.

Boy it's funny how seven days can make a difference.
Boy it's funny how several hate, then need assistance.
It's funny how niggas will call you 'brother'.
But lacking communication.
You make it, then they complain that you're keeping your distance.
Girl it's crazy how love will make you grown.
Girl it's crazy how people play like they're your own.
It's crazy you'll give your heart to a bitch.
She amazes you with a pitch.
Then she'll toss the shit like your heart was just made to be thrown.
People saying that they love you but really they mean it.
Feeling like I'm only cherished when shit is convenient.
Like now that I'm getting money, can't none of these niggas son me.
And your past woman crushes have sucked on my penis.
I'm saying.
People change and start acting indecent.
Cause I'm doing well, now niggas taxing for pieces.
It's strange, cause if I fell on my face while out in public.
I ain't ever trusting you lames to keep it a secret.
The people I call homies take notice of my endeavors.
But hardly give me a dap for the fact that I'm doing better.
Family I haven't talked to in years.
Cause I learned that I'm shit-talking while I'm chasing my career.
But it's the, hand I was dealt.
Jack chasing to be a king without a.
Queen by my side cause I trust.
None with a ring, no.
Diamond to bestow in the club, hate where I stay.
Lost my heart to a bitch.
She ain't give a fuck, like she spayed.
Or I'm.
Overthinking at 3 am in the morning.
Sitting alone, drinking, thinking 'This is the shit I was born with!?'.
But I'll never forfeit.
Fitting my for when my for fits.
You ain't with me, I'll never force it.
Just flow like faucets.
For, this is my life, and the key to my fortune.
Disrespect to my direction, this fist is made for chins, see I.
Had a bit of a violent streak on these violent streets.
You were a target if you weren't seeing eye-to-eye with me.
But, guess I get that from my brother, and I give him resentment.
Cause of what his actions do to my mother.
See I'm one of two, but I made moves on the proper side.
I say one of two cause I don't account for my father's side.
My father.
Another nigga I don't really know.
I hate him, yet part of me really wishes that we could grow.
Who knows? I could decide to go to London next year.
He may lack them, but it took balls for me to get here.
Got a couple questions for him, but I'll do without those letters.
And right now, I don't feel like he deserves another record.
I remember getting started on the net with a group of niggas.
Who rapped, who I don't think I'll forget.
All aiming for success, but the friendship was just noise.
Cause niggas grew tired and started acting like some fuccbois.
So niggas ceased communication, and it was perfect timing.
That's when my shit started reaching to other nations.
And that's when niggas wanna show, screaming fraudulence.
But wouldn't reappear, if I didn't have an audience.
Oh Lord, the shit that niggas do for promo.
Quit to rant on Twitter, cause leeching me is a no-go.
Pitchforks in hand, typing out how they mad at me.
Even the rest saying he regrets calling me family.
Oh Lord, I guess that's just my game.
Small wounds that build muscle, these are just my gains.
Start whipping a little different, guess that's just my lane.
Fuck your promo, I ain't calling y'all by name.
So where does that leave me?
I ain't going back to college.
I'm staying off of that chain like I never been into bondage.
Staying off of the chain like young Berg.
Staying off of the chain like a runaway dog, and it's absurd.
The hand that I was dealt was full of shit, though I don't touch turds.
I turned it into gold and all I needed was one word.
Music. I got fans to the roof.
Dedicated, they got my name on tats, cause it's true.
I mastered the booth, looking past and surpassing your truths.
They are to me what cash is to you.
Oh! Answer to who?
Lord, as I kneel and I pray.
And I thank you for the blessings you brought these days.
Connecting me with these people that'll feel my pains.
And see my change, the others trying to see my stage.
Gonna be hopping out the kitchen the moment I get cooking.
Got a West Side vibe, but I keep my shit so Brooklyn.
Cause I'm that one, maintaining my run 'til it stops.
'Till the crown's on my head, and the throne's on my block.
Dogging head's 'round America, get shown out my spots.
Your running shoes at the ready, then your soles in a box.
Give your bitches the kiss of death, learn to grow from the locks.
Got the key to success, now show me the locks.
Went from a curly head, now I'm showing the 'locks.
Coming at your heads, now I'm showing the 'locks.
You niggas wishing the differences we show in the lock.
But I'm the pick, like what a thief shows in the lock.
I'm the coldest of soldiers, boulders on both shoulders.
With a soul, you'll be hold at the moment I pop.
Holding a Glock, taking this whole era for ransom.
It's about to ugly, like I can't do handsome.
Red.

And that's therapy.
Take it how you want it.
Tyler that shit--that shit--that shit hurt my lungs.
It's real talk though!

