30 Lyrics
by Xander.


Xander got it, man I'm blessed up.
Show me whoever I'm next up.
I know the odds and man they favor me.
Listen up boy this a major key.
Ask how I'm doing, say very well.
I mean I'm straight or probably parallel.
You got it twisted like a carousel.
And I could tell you, you ain't faring well.
And me, I'm a little bit better.
You should know the flow boy, at least I'm clever.
Or that's what tell me now.
You ain't know my story, then figure out, yeah.
That I'm that nigga now.
Situations getting bigger now.
You know when I'm balling there's no could stop me.
I hit the step back just like curry I'm popping, whoa.

Yeah I'm balling like 30.
All these niggas call me Curry.
Taking shots, they come in flurries.
Boy, we never gotta worry.
Top boy, we running this shit.
Back to my roots having fun with the shit.
Working OT til' the sun up and shit.
And we putting on never done with the shit.

We racking up wins, man we balling this year.

So that's how they know that we balling this year.

Putting on man when we balling this year.

I go back to back with it, we balling this year.

Back to back with the MVP.
Back to back like I'm ending Meek.
Know the haters, yeah they envy me.
They been jealous since '93.
Forever and ever they hating the kid.
Getting better and better creating the hits.
I'm just speaking facts man, they waited for this.
I just checked your stats, boy you ain't with the shits.
Nah don't freeze up.
I know you mad you better ease up.
I might cross you over get ya knees up.
Niggas call me curry got my threes up.
Like SWISH, yeah we on a wave now.
Niggas praying we don't play now.
Probably blow you out and have you face down.
Have you looking out like Is it safe now?

And it's never safe when we around here.
Turned into an arena man, it's getting loud here.
Team deep like Golden State, it's going down here.
Yeah.
That's why they call me Curry got the crown here.

Come on man bring your best, can't step to this boy it's all finesse.
Can't step to this boy, I'm awful blessed.

You see what happen next.
I go 30 on you, do it dirty on, go behind the back, man I'm going Steph.

Yeah, you'll wish you didn't.
I'm taking over man this shits a given; can't stop me now too used to winning,.
yeah.

Aww man you better stop.
I'll let these niggas sleep while I keep dropping heat, the type of heat you.
wish your favorite rapper dropped, whoa.

Yeah I'm balling like 30.
All these niggas call me Curry.
Taking shots, they come in flurries.
Boy, we never gotta worry.
Top boy, we running this shit.
Back to my roots having fun with the shit.
Working OT til' the sun up and shit.
And we putting on never done with the shit, yeah.

We racking up wins man we balling this year.

So that's how they know that we balling this year.

We putting on man when we balling this year.

I go back to back with it, I'm balling this year.

I'm back to back with it man I'm putting on.

Praying to God we forever on.

So that's how they know that we putting on.

Racking up wins man we putting on.

