3hree Kings Lyrics
by The Underachievers.


I got 7 mac 11's. It'S a 147 on any peasant 
With a stone, cold vengance will get ya brethren, 
This the daily routine chase dreams and scoop cream 
But. Of course, this broke niggas wan na get in between 
So. I keep my eye wide on the New York crime side, 
It's 33 reasons why i'm just too fly 
My aura stay: beaming, indigo, blue feeding, off ya, soul, 
Fool, beating off the pro tools, ahh 
Do. What i got ta till my crew hold a lotta ones. 
Momma see what i become shining on the world, her son 
Told me. I would be the one way before neyo 
You, niggas ain't. Believe, though, now i'm bombing like my weed smoke, bitch 
 
Smoking on this loosie still elegant like a 2 piece. 
Mister writing. On my iPhone. I stuffed my pockets with lose leafs 
Like loose leaves fall in autumn. I turn the clock. Never stalled, em 
Spit fire like we some sawyers, they look. They never saw us 
I'm painting. Let me do my thang yo type, always bend a name or 2 that i'm 7
chains 
Bumping. They music will leave stupid like heroin rather medicine 
That's to eat that proper sediment for better man, 
Like a black hearse. We lead and we stay ahead of them. 
Edison. The way the light bulbs on my head, they shimmering 
If, yo shit; ain't lit you ain't using yo, head severit 
Shoutout for the battle, but none of these niggas helmets fit ughh, 
You unprepared, homie. You need my messages. 
My flow like walking on stilts, giving niggas that leverage dropping gems and
shit 
Filled up inside of my penmanship peep, the redder it 
We make new rules like we presidents 
I'm tryna win, but in the process of a better man, 
Who you better than never me nigga. I got synonym 
Stay anonymous. Only few niggas conspire with 
Spitting higher shit that boom bap lyrical scientist 
People, trying it tell em conquer their whole environment, 
Yo tv lying man, flip egg brain and they frying it. 
Devine illuminated fire spinning 3 eyes 
Creating my reality. Since a nigga was knee high 
 
See i come through and always handle my B.I 
Rock split life after death shouts to B.I 
G.I Puppies up, in heavens with the angels 
Leave them niggas on ankles sting them niggas like a bee hive 
We are street kings similar To T.I 
We are 3 kings. Gifted on the M.I 
C.I see why niggas hate cuz we up 
Mad as shit cuz they down 
I would hate to be y'all. 
My gun would make you revolve. 
I got 8 38's increase. The murder rates 
I send niggas to pearly gates. 
I Know magic. My gun would make you levitate 
Hit you with the shotty catch a body. Then we celebrate
 
