4 Those of You (Remix) Lyrics
by Twiztid.


I ... h-h-hate ..., everyone 
I hate everyone, 
I ..., h-h-h-hate, ..., h-hate, ..., everyone, 
I hate everyone, 
I I-I, I-I, ..., h-h-h-hate., Hate, 
, 
Monoxide, 
Ya, hear that 
 
Jamie Madrox 
I hate everyone, 
 
We off the train tracks homeboy we outta control, 
Me and Madrox rockin' Bitch slappin' the world 
I say some shit to make ya toes curl quick little bitch 
Paint a picture like Picasso from your blood when it drip 
Take a sip. It makes me stronger than the strongest man 
And my mind takes a journey to the farthest land 
I'm. The whole world's kryptonite 
I got these bitches on. They knees, 
Kissin' hands, cryin' beggin', for they life 
I'm, a butcher knife to the neck, got ta, go what 
One you just a ho right. Two, you ain't a Juggalo, believe that 
Broads you watch your mouth and represent. You get your head split, 
Quick, some shit. They can't stitch 
I'm a scrub for life, don't let the hairstyle throw it 
With a bag of weed looking to blow it 
Those who don't know it. I'M Monoxide blaze up a smoke. 
And pass that shit to your boy and give his bitch a choke. Biatch 
 
For, those of you that don't know it's Mr. Madrox, yeah, 
First name Jamie. Can'T nobody see me 
And my brother M-O-N-O on the M-I-C and basically 
My little brother Blaze, put it down with thug mentality. That'S right. 
We represent the vicinity of the East eastside 
Bustin', free, no love for hoes or the police. Biatch 
What. You thought it was 
Bumpin'. Weak shit need to get some Hatchet in your life cause 
Perpatratin', like we don't know 
Yesterday. You was a hater, but today you's a Juggalo bitch 
You, just a wolf, wearin' sheep nanny coats 
Tryin' to fall up in the flock. With the same hokey-doke 
I turn you into smoke, breathe it in second hand, 
Soundscan underground, just lost a hundred grand 
So fuck a fan base. Yeah show me family faces yeah 
No matter. They size, shape or races. 
 
First off. Here we go, whoever trippin' get the sawed off 
Point it to the back of your head. Actin', like the dead 
Don't play twelve shells a day, 
Still put it down for my G's around the way: HEY.., HEY, 
Ain't, nobody tryin' to step to 
Better watch your mouth homeboy I'll powerplex, you 
Into! The mat now picture that 
Your style so skinny. Your nose is hella hella fat fat 
Fat enough to kick it 
With a gang of hood rats in the back of a chicken shack. 
We react to your jaw like a side effect. 
And fuck you hood rat hoes in the projects 
Got a twelve gauge and I'm holdin' it down. 
Who wan na ride with me cause I'm headed eastward bound 
For, the T-W-I-Z T-I-D 
B-L-A-Z-E, and we ride till infinity, yeah 
 
For, those of you that don't know 
Never blow hydro 
Are, you afraid to go. Where I go 
Even, though 
Call yourself, a Juggalo 
Tellin' everybody that you're down 
X2 
 
