40 Mill Lyrics
by Tyga.


*Skit*.
Due to the supply of this content.
Parental discretion is advise.
Wanna be a monument to physical perfection.
You wanna be a shrine.
You should be.
You want to change right.
Oh you got to change.

I don't wanna be famous, I just wanna be rich.
40 mill with some acres, makeup for my bitch.
I don't fuck with these niggas, stop pretending and shit.
I don't wanna be famous, I just wanna be rich.

I don't wanna be famous.
Fuck around, be a Lennon and a fan leave you brainless.
All in the paper, gettin' buried by a neighbor.
While all of your relatives spendin' all the money that you gave 'em.
Fuck it, don't save 'em.
Let that boy drown if he don't float, guess he wasn't made for it.
My nigga hold it, hold it down, listenin' to underground.
Poppin' knuckles cause these niggas wanna bring me down.
Put your face in the dirt like 4th down.
Niggas wanna test, but we will never fail.
I'm layin' low in my day clothes.
Can't get a fuckin' meal at Pollo Loco without takin' photos.
Man, these little crazy niggas.

I don't wanna be famous, I just wanna be rich.
40 mill with some acres, makeup for my bitch.
I don't fuck with these niggas, stop pretending and shit.
I don't wanna be famous, I just wanna be rich.

I don't wanna be famous.
Flip a finger, middle finger, let 'em know that I'm dangerous.
All my niggas bangers, Chevy riding swingers.
And my bitch'll fight ya, Hilary Swank ya.
Take your bitch, we ain't even swingers.
Nigga, try your luck, think it's all entertainment.
You all in arraignment, snitchin' to the plaintiff.
Who, what, where? My niggas stay nameless.
Knock down yo' doo' for that dough.
My niggas they go when I say go.
These bitches fuckin' cause they hoes.
They hoes for that motherfuckin' fame.

I don't wanna be famous, I just wanna be rich.
40 mill with some acres, makeup for my bitch.
I don't fuck with these niggas, stop pretending and shit.
I don't wanna be famous, I just wanna be rich.

We don't fuck with you, we don't fuck with you.
I don't need the proof.
We don't fuck with you, we don't fuck with you.
Nigga, that's the proof.
Niggas talkin', that's bulletproof.
Run and shoot.
Niggas talkin' like they bulletproof.
My niggas, they run and shoot.

Skit.
Love those bitches.
They love to eat.
It's ok.
It's important.
This being brook.
You gotta stop man.

