414 Lyrics
by Viva Fidel.

Miltown, Brew city, 414, Muder-Mil, Killa-Mil;.
Let me get some more: Cream City, P-waukee, Milwaukee-Talkee.
The Ill Mill, The County;.
Don't down me, just crown me.
Midwest official-.
Reppin for the Eastside of everywhere.
We worldwide u never there.
This is my stronghold.
This is my launch pad.
They all know my dad the movement ain't a fad.
This all I ever had right offa North Ave.
Witnessin the madness listenin to the sadnes.
Watchin all the misery.
On top of that they finna be exposed for they trickery.
Corrupted politicains playin games with the people's lives.
Then Mcgee formed a Militia said be ready to fight.
So we started a Boot Kamp.
For my soldiers on Hamp , Burliegh , 4-5, 2-6.
Its packed in this bi!cH.
Everybody know everybody, be cautious bout ya moves.
They out here searchin for identity with somethin to prove.
And nothin to loose.
Cause we leadin the stats.
Its all bad for Blacks &amp; Browns.
My Spanish speakin familia on the other side of town....

It's terror segregated where we live.
They call it The New Selma.
Let the elders tell ya it used to be magic.
Now we back to have it!

My music is a warning on these streets;.
The police state, The murder rate, The racist media fakes.
Boycott the foreigners if they treat you with hate.
Nah it ain't safe- And its like this across the nation.
Unemployment is higher than graduation=.
That's a ski mask equation / Or a home invasion.
Mob beatings- by the pigs in blue like Frank Jude.
Conspiracy and coverup is real on the field.
Smashin down Locust tryin to keep my focus....
Weather unpredicatible, Women somethin critical.
Communicate with Pimps and products of Panthers.
P Stones &amp; Folk Nation our standin army waitin.
Im startin up the stradegies for our survival.
Cause them devils is comin you gonna need more than ya bible.
Dust off ya rifle, stack up ya supplies.
This experimental town- The mafia ties.
Dr. James Cameron is a icon in my eyes.
The Al Jarreau's ; as a youngsta I heard him blow.
A voice so beautiful We diamonds in the rough.
See the way its set up - living isnt enough.
It's a pressurized hot bed not a challenge to warriors.
Cuz this place prepares us for what the world has in store for us!
RIGHT NOW!
This is bigger than 24's.
More power than ya .40 Glock.
This is the potential of the shorties burnin up the block!
Maximized outlook shaped into an enterprise.
We nuclear with numbers but we so quick to divide....
Scrappin over crumbs.
Scratchin the numbers off the gun.
Throw it away get another one.
They ask where you from.
Jeffery dahmer still get a mention pay attention.
Its so many chuches it'll make god get nervous.
Is ya sunday service still servin a purpose.
The lord dont like ugly but i was broke &amp; hungry.
See center st. stories i can tellem for days.
Im from the RBG on MLK - yeah.
Look both ways this the city of game.
They quick to take advantage of a outta town lame.
And ain't no shame either, make you a believer.
Its cool to be a leader &amp; not a blood sucker.
We replaced gangs w mathematics &amp; hip hop culture.

