415 Lyrics
by 415.


Richie Rich is a factor, a mack, not an actor 
Who lounges in the cut and waits just to jack. The 
Punks who superficially write 
Procrastinate perpetrate they just bite 
I, don't really give it much thought just wax. Em 
Page the posse grease the Uzis tax, em 
And, lift up out of there casualties to rest 
Get in the Cutlass drop, the gat and the vest 
Have. You ever seen a Vogue tire smoke 
Straight on a mission man. I ain't no joke 
See. This is a hype tip cause in the O. That'S how we do this 
Handlin boys and punks. I thought you knew this 
Gangster's bread on a day-to-day basis. 
And then the punk police. They try to face this 
Form of high rollers, just walkin the street 
Ain't pumped in a year, and just because of the heat 
The money still long. Just livin lavish 
Cause see the boys in the Oak. They got ta have this 
Cause. It takes money to survive. 
And, the hustlers are a product of the 415 
 
The 4, the 1, the 5 
 -- Bootsy Collins, 
The 4, the 1, the 5 
 
Now, see the 415 is a district 
Should. I break it down Man I'll get specific 
First of all we'll hit turfs 
I'll explain. Then you can take for what it's worth 
Down in the Nineties 96 to be exact, 
Lips Disco, Big Ren and the pack 
Big Tim Ice, Tee and Chuck D and the crew 
They're all from the school. Yes, the old and new 
But 99th yeah, the big rock 
Plymouth boy, the old narc spot 
A lot of brothers now high rollers with fame 
The Dirt Road is the block they taught on the game. 
Now, this shot's for the Village and Big Fee 
Rest in peace and be strong Young D. 
They can take you from the game, but not the game from you, 
And peace to my homies from the 69 Crew 
On 85th. We got Genie and Big E 
Big Nate and F.r.o.g 
Straight old schoolers, pioneers to the game 
And. In the day, 85 Vets was the name 
Now 77 Big B and the click 
The storefront beatin brothers, with sticks, 
Ty-Ty E, the Twins and Long Tone 
Damn. It feels good to talk about home, 
Now Rosedale. This is a street to me. 
Unknown in the Town come through, you, gettin beat 
Cause Shan ain't trippin and neither is Prince 
You. Don'T believe me come through you'll, be convinced 
Now, let's take a stroll through the park. 
Sobrante man yeah just before dark, 
Hustlers hustle and everybody O.G 
You ain't family. It ain't the place to be 
I got my top down ridin through 
I, see my partners, Frog Ron and Boo 
We're in a Cougar tryin to get with the hoes 
Twice blue white insides, gold, Zeniths and Vogues 
And. The girls we were jockin were live 
But man. That'S how we do it in the 415 
 
To me, gettin with a girl means givin up the digits 
And. Maybe tomorrow I come over for a visit 
And. If you ain't with it, then I'll just forget it 
I threw you the line and baby girl. I thought you bit it 
So. If you weren't choosin they, why were you jockin 
Kenwood system and the Zeus keeps knockin 
Yeah the paint's candy yeah Mico sprayed it 
Gold ones and Vogues admit it. You been persuaded 
Just, another hot one to add to the chart 
To. The spot to get some Endo hit the room before dark 
Man. She threw it on me. I started to like her 
And, never thought that down the line that I'd have to strike her 
See, the 415 hoes will make you get ruthless 
Bumpin their gums, and now the hoes come up toothless 
Cause in the O. Only the strong survive, 
And Richie Riche is a factor in the 415 
 
You see Rich is a mack man, I'm flowin off the top. Now 
It's like this, I'm gon na bust a freestyle, 
The J, the e, the d, the man. That'S producin me 
It's, like this. I'M in the place to be 
I got Daryl in the back spinnin tables, not wack. 

You, see the Oakland Town brothers keep poppin 
And MC Richie Rich is rappin cold hip-hopppin 
I'm, not sweatin. It man, I'm just flowin 
Just to let the people know that I'll keep goin 
Oakland. California, that's where I'm based 
And the brothers out here say this is the place 
You see the crew gets the'Stangs the Zeniths, the Daytons 
A brother. Like me, man, I'm just debatin. 
On, why they're shootin questions at a player 
Why? Do people say that Rich ain't, a rhyme, sayer 
Any, sucker, muthafucka willin to jock 
Then Richie Rich'll, run his ass straight up off the block 
Back. In the days man I used to spit lyrics. 
And people used to come close cause. They liked to hear it. 
Anbd now I spend em in cold'89 
Because a brother like me, I'm tryin to leave the grind 
So on this note, I'm out only this will decide 
Peace to the world from the 415 
 
Believe. That shit 
 
