48 Lyrics
by Tyler.


Crack fucked up the world, and I wonder if they realized the damage.
I mean, they come from an era who made a lot of money of that shit.
I wonder if it fucked with their conscience.
It fucked with me being out there, I couldn't stand it.
I couldn't stand seeing people fucking themselves up like that on the shit.
And that's where the money came from.

Tyler The Creator &amp; Frank Ocean X2.
48, 48, 48 states I get it in.
48, 48, 48 states I get it in.
They call me Mr. Treat Your Nose.
If you really need some blow.
I can get it for the low.

Tyler, The Creator.
Shit is getting warmer on that corner.
Gotta watch out for them 5-0 foreigners.
Your mother is a goner.
I warned you before you supersized my fries with that dollar.
You got a daughter, shit's getting harder.
The only thing you wanna bunk her was your freedom.
You can't afford to get caught up but you in too deep.
And the seashore ain't saw ya.
You got a mother, she don't support you.
But you bought her a new house cause you love her.
Growing up you barely had a roof.
Now you got a coupe and it doesn't have a roof.
I guess you're accustomed what you're used to.
So you bought two, nigga.
They coming for you, nigga.
Niggas be hating I'm doing them bitches.
Like Susan and Karen be doing your pockets.
And running the man and he's losing his fucking mind and it's all an illusion.

Who was alludin' all of this potent.
I am the reason your family is using and shooting up, it's my fault.
You can blame me motherfucker, for killing your aunties and uncles.
The hustle and hunger, all I wanted was a cheeseburger.
And a little chain, tuck, didn't realize this game fucked up some lives.
“Oh, how's mine?” -- my conscience eats it up all the time.
But other than that I'm fine, I got a little money in my pocket.

Tyler, The Creator.
Nigga, we broke as fuck.
Homie got a chop shop I stole that truck.
And I sold that dope.
Motherfuckers hope this nigga go broke.
But like my work I give no fucks, I'm sorry.
She could have been a doctor, nigga, I'm sorry.
Could have been a actor and won that Oscar, said, I'm sorry.
I sold that soap and I killed black folk, I'm sorry.
But I got a nice car, put my sister through school.
While my momma all cool, I'm sorry.
I'm in too deep and I can't see the shore, I'm sorry.

You get addicted to the flip, we used to call it.
You get addicted to the flip, the transaction, the hustling.
Even more than the money, it's just your job.
You feel like it's your duty to be the man in between the man.
And make this happen for that person, and to do this and do that.
You become the go to guy forever and next thing you know you're in too deep.

Way too deep, scare the shit out of you.
You wind up with so much work, that you'd be scared to death.
It's important for us to realize man, we gotta get out of that, man.
Dudes is buying choppers to shoot down people that look just like them.
Dudes is buying guns to take down each other, nobody wins.
Ya know what I mean?

