4AM Lyrics
by QuaDear.


Like Me ... 
Like Me ... 

It's 4AM, falling flat

It's, 4AM vickies, falling flat, her phone vibrating. She ain't, calling back
I'll, be your Reggie Bush. You be my Kim Kardashian and throw it back just like
a quaterback
That's a lead option. Ain'T finna, settle down with a nigga like me, cause she
need options
She, a nasty girl with some nasty girls into eating boxes and seed swapping
Now. The weed sparking wan na smoke tree we'll cop. A Oz we don't need bargains
And baby, don't take this personal, but you ain't finna, hit it. It'S a personal
The last one to show up and the first to go and never set a date. We don't
flirt with hoes
Been a day since the fact and she still having trouble just facing the fact. So
It hurts to know
But. That'S a story for another day cause I wouldn't have it any other way
Need, a cup of lean and a blunt of haze couple hundred million and a youngin'
straight
Shout, my nigga Lino, that's my brother, lay always kept me focus when a
youngin' strayed
Now we getting hot, probably hit the Block vibe and smoke with Tookie like
the younger days
Touch, my paper. It'S the hunger games touch my paper. It'S the hunger games
Told em i'd come up from nothing, they swore he was bluffing. Now they don't
know what to say
Astonished, to say the least: pull up my sleeve on my garment display the piece
Work the hardest to pay. The fee's got my pull up. I pull up yo' goddess is
chasing me

She, say she wan na roll with a nigga like me

And, get throwed with a nigga like me

Hit, her on the phone hit it on the nightly
Lame nigga, stuck at home, wondering where you might be

Back on the scene like six o'clock. So fresh so clean when I hit the block
Maybe, it's the rumours, maybe it's the knot, maybe it's the stu or maybe it's
the watch
Or, maybe it's all the above or maybe she falling in love
Or. Maybe she just tryna play me round my way. We would call it a dub
Know, it's slow for that, even when I'm off the potent pack
Even back when I was just a younging doing nothing running with the potent
pack
So. What'S it gone be shawty we could bump some biggie. We could bump some E-40
So. What'S it gone, be shawty she was from the bay. I was from the 243
Type to hit and never call her back. So you already know how the story, go
Type of fits, that got these bitches geeking look up in the closet. It'S a mauri
show
Phil in 02' Kobe who we got to. Maybe you could be my Robert Horry though
You could be my Robert Horry though you could be. My Robert Horry though
Always knew that I would be the man my mosaic on her instagram
We pull up. We hitting yo' city. She with it my concert ticket all up in her
pants
The irony in that matter fact she was eyeing me infact
Now she taking off that bra. For me it was a prophecy. I said that Imma leave
with that
 
