5 am in Toronto (Freestyle) Lyrics
by Vision.

Yeah.....
Yeah it's....
Yeah it's....
Yeah it's....
Yeah it's Vision.

Just came back from hiatus.
And I ain't even make it, I appreciate the patience.
Now you can update your playlist.
Don't relate me with them small fries, I bake potato's.
Heard you were flexing at your show we throw tomatoes at Jose Cansecos.
Play ball, but do remember it's a game.
You get a little fame some fools attempt to steal your name.
But even if you copy we're both aware that you're not me.
Strong mind, a hard drive, too quick for these flimsy floppies.
My archive begins from the heartbeat.
And ends with a part 3, like... Lord of the rings.
Return of a king.
But gotta keep your eyes on Gollum.
Smeagol sneaking through your saga.
What's a Smeagol to a Hobbit?
What's a Hobbit to a goblin? what's a goblin to a Gandalf?
Grey to white, I saved their life create a line you can't cross.
Saved my dimes and paid my tithes will not accept a handout.
Gotta take my time to make my mind and find a way to stand out.
So what's the plan now? To rap like you?
Money, cars, clothes, hoes, strapped Nike shoes?
Snap backs, tats, ass cracks, white coupe?
Slash fast cash, hashtag I'm through.
I don't need your help to be myself.
And I don't need the wealth until the CD see's the shelf.
And I won't see the shelf until these MP3's are felt.
Won't sell a record till you get the message.
So you pop the molly and sweating?
You pop the molly and sweating?
I pop tamales, my block's behind me.
We kamikaze straight wrecking.
Got a flock of flying helicopters diving.
Just shot the pilots, in the cockpit riding.
Then tossed the bodies, they're not surviving.
Now parts are flying, straight wreckage.
Just lost the sirens, no cop will find us.
In tropic islands, got lots of mileage.
We walking giants but talk in private.
Get lost in silence, don't question.
My logic guiding, not profit eyeing.
My flow is violent, I talk Poseidon.
A squad of pirates behind me.
Straight wrecking....

