5 AM Lyrics
by Voli.


Yeah.
These are the darkest days, the light has faded.
And yet the night can serve as company for the isolated.
And reignite and they slept on me, then they hibernated.
That split my heart into sections like it was hyphenated.
Voli ollie Nouveau my brother, can't rep the crew of another.
Number two on your, numero uno my number, yeah.
The zero left in my savings, send me a savior, yeah.
And now I'm headed to the bank, bitches, just to apply for loans.
A brother know he ain't getting.
I ain't embarrassed, no Biggie, I'm being frank with ‘em.
That's Frank White, forget it, before your time, I'm grown.
Clock is ticking, hope they watch me 'fore my time has gone.
Shout to the Bean, those bombers just made em stronger.
New England is in my heart, that's the place of my Alma Mater.
Yah know, Back in Worcester, homie, college was so king.
Lil freshman sipping that vodka inside the Poland spring.
Khalifa, black and yellow brother just like a cheater.
But got the white girls to love him like I was Bieber.
But Jersey made him, Morris County, suburban native.
Used to be timid, he thought the ghetto would surely hate him.
Garden State, no watering down my taste.
Spit harder, I salivate cause these artists are out of date.
Pathetic, look at imposture, anything to be on the roster.
Guess when you finally ball, they gone be sucking on ya.
No room for friends here, wounds they'll never repair.
Empty shows I perform and the fakers that never be there, ah.
Rather talk about hanging with me and linking with me.
But if it ain't passion, then you ain't speaking my language to me.
Gimme Coachella and Lollapalooza, I'll be performing for the Obamas.
Look, Voli's Illuminati, I'll smile at the rumors, I be producer.
So every song be like Voli featuring Voli and written/produced by Voli too.
Promoters shut ‘em, these management companies, they don't love ‘em.
Don't wanna take a chance on a future star until a motherfucking becoming.
I know they say success is relative.
Lately we more like distant cousins.
Huh, family reunion coming soon.
Can't take no time off, my homie!
I live in summer school.
And so it's fitting, I'm doing this for the daydreamers.
For what we put in, it'd take a million and break even!
I let my girl see my mistress I sneak away at night with.
And she OK with the cheating, she even say she like it.
Those morning hours I'm loving another woman.
I'm banging it loud, music my other lover, I lay her down.
Talking at eagles, that flee.
That one and only, that classic Nouveau, stop calling me Voli!
Let's keep it flowing, no tampon, we down to bleed.
No camera, I'm out your screen, David Banner without the green.
Cause I'm broke without a machine.
Told Santa that I been mean, but I'm nicer than them.
You spit that saran wrap, and I'm seeing.
Right through you, for my nation like Zulu, shout to guru, I stand out.
I masturbated my way in, fuck a hand out, do it myself.

I kill them softly.
Because my heart is made of stone.
I tear them limb from limb.
I'm cold, I'm the winter's own.
I'm the winter's own.
So don't fuck with that man!

