50 Bars Lyrics
by 50 Cent.


50 bars of pleasure, 50 bars of pain.
When I'm dead and gone niggas gon' remember my name, 50.

50 Cent.
Black is flashy like Alpo, gun happy like Pappy.
Sneaky muthafucka 'mind me of nigga that clapped me.
He ain't the type you shoot dice with and win dog.
Unless you tryna get your ass laid out in Gilmore.
He had some soldiers, 'mind me Troy and E-Bags.
When they came through they hollored like What up comrade?
Grimy niggas, they loved to get gully.
Summertime, still had on black gloves and skullies.
The Lex 450 pulled up that's.
Cornbread.
Them niggas from Philly woulda called him an old head.
But he a OG, 'mind me of Chaz and Bump, real low key.
Sounded like they don't know nothin about drama.
His money sent many men through trauma.
Switchy walked in son, this bitch had the baddest ass.
The bulletproof glass was rolled down on his S-Class.
Heard in DC, he kept mad blocks in order.
Picture this, a young nigga gettin it like Rich Porter.
Sonny came in for half a pit, he got knocked.
He on lock still controllin the spot from Comstock.
Pop pulled up in the CL5, surprised he came.
His man just got fucking murked by some lame.
Heard he got it in the Range nigga Caine popped one.
On his brain over some-thang, took his.
watch and his chain.

In the black 740 I sat, my hat turned back.
Down down baby, Nelly singin my wrist blingin what?
I'm waiting on this nigga Wise, three loaves for two pies.
Son he smokin that shit, I can see it in his eyes.
Comin up Wise and locs is close.
And locs ride 'round lookin for wires to toast.
Benny hopped out the Escalade with a few thorough men.
From B-More, they sellin heroin in Maryland.
His first batch of diesel, he killed like 4 fiends.
His popularity grew, that only meant more cream.
First it was him and his brother, now he got a team.
Went from 5 and a half grams to livin the dream.
Seen he pulled up, goddamn, you know his format.
Bentley Azure, marble in the door, mink floor mats.
Hit the hazards, out the stash box popped two Glocks.
Theme song: All Eyez on Me, 2Pac.
Everybody know he a boss he still gotta floss.
He on the same bullshit that sent Gotti up north.
That's Ty in the blue GS, stuntin.
like he Nicky Barnes.
He broke but he talk like he a Don.
Homes hoppin out the Jag that's Max, Haitian cat.
Kill a nigga quick remind me of Haitian Jack.
I peeped his style son I know his steelo, he on the d-low.
He smile at niggas mumblin fuck you in Creole.
Heard war stories bout how he maneuver with the Ruger.
Hold the iron horizontally and send shots through ya.
Few niggas tried to merk him, most them got found.
Some turned away try to run they in wheelchairs now.
Banks hopped out, bulletproof this, bulletproof that.
Bulletproof snorkel, bulletproof hat.
Got out a black Hummer, he blew 90 on that.
Poppin mad shit like he gonna bulletproof that, let's go.

