50 For President Lyrics
by 50 Cent.


Ladies and gentleman, I know you were very surprised when you heard for the.
first time 50 Cent is running for the president. I like to thank you for all.
for tuning into these debates. Some really important issues to adress and I'd.
love to answer your questions and hear your suggestions..
after I propose. I'm not just another politician politicing, it's your boy. 50.
- here we go.

Yeah, I done smoked a couple pounds, but I ain't never inhale.
Been in custody before, but never in jail.
Baby, I love you like America, don't talk to me fly.
But I promise you if you do, bitch, I'll black ya eye.
See, the hood fucked up, I got a plan for the crisis.
Bring the dope in on boats and lower cocaine prices.
That's stage one of my plan to pass by depression.
When everybody high who gives a fuck 'bout recession?
Imagine gas price is twenty dollars a gallon.
D's catch a nigga and have walk to the island.
My main aim's to take away pain.
It's okay, get fucked up, man.
Got that purple, roll that shit.
Got that pill pop, now take that trip.
Got the Hennessy, man, take that sip.
The pain'll go away if you get higher than a motherfucker.
And I know you think you know my style.
Sursprise, nigga, I done changed it now.
5 years, I'm the nigga you been hating on.
December 9th I'mma give you what you waiting for.
Before I Self Destruct, motherfucker.

It's 50.
I'm in Detroit right now.
I got Eminem in the other room, Dre in here.
We putting it togheter.
I'm gon' hit, I'm finna hit the restart button.
It's gon' feel like I just started it all over again.
Like this '03 and this is Get Rich.
My album come with a full length movie.
Feautered film, I'm like Prince right now, man.
It's like Purple Rain, baby, stupid.
Reproduced and directed by 50 Cent starring Curtis ''50 cent'' Jackson.
?
Shout out to all my niggas in Paris and New Jersey.
Aight, I gotta go work back on my album.
It's classic, December 9th, 50.
That's right, Thisis50.com, On demand Entertainmant.
Peace - oh yeah, on't forget to vote for me.

