500 Degrees Lyrics
by Tyga.


T-Raww fuck y'all money tall, dick large 
Tiger in my backyard bitches on my
futon 
Dog house, no dog shootout, Chris Paul 
Walking on the marble floor. Take your fucking shoes off 
Bitch. This is fox fur killing shit fuck, a hearse 
I can show you my choppa works. 
She. Give me head when my head hurt 
Deep throat till the bitch burp 
Her best friend, said. Let me at'em-Cousin Lurch 
Smoking on that turf. Get your feelings hurt! 
At your neck, like a collared shirt 
ball like a Nerf, 
Word, more green nigga than smoking pot 
When. I see more, I'm that horror from that little shop, 
Shop butcher shop, open up your top 
All you see is gold. Watch Rolls Royce road blocks, 
Sun, roof, fogged out, chrome, grill, gold, mouth 
Take, a fuckin', look around 
 
Bitch, I'm all you need 
Augh. I say fuck them other niggas, 
Fuck them other niggas 
Bitch, I'm all you need 
Augh, I'm the hottest nigga. All I do is turn up. Bitch 
500 degrees 
Augh, I say fuck them other niggas, fuck them other niggas 
Bitch. I'M all you need 
Augh, I'm the hottest nigga. All I do is turn up: bitch 
500 degrees, 
 
Thrilla manilla. I buy straight from
the dealer 
I'm, politickin' in Paris, I'm buying statues and pillars 
All from the Louvre, nigga mosaics from the museum, 
You niggas, counting per diem. Your
Bitch is in my DM 
I, never read'em weak bitch, probably
get seasick 
On, the yacht, eat shrimp, see my name
on a blimp 
It read T-Raww's a pimp 
Nigga. I ain't dancin' but my hand on my hip 
Full clip movie shit, Bruce Wayne, Alfred 

I'm, killing this shit and I'm killing your mom 

I murdered this shit just takin' my time, 
Got bars, front gate face shot blind date. 
Rolex timepiece ain't got no time for no bitch speech 
120 that six speed pull it out. That'S all me: 
Just call me T-papi 
 
Tunechi over bitches, 
Smokin', color, purple blunt fat as Oprah Winfrey 
I'm, the nigga, the nigga nigga, the nigga nigga 
I be snappin'. I hope you get the bigger picture. 
I said fuck that nigga that you fuckin' 
She say that nigga rap. I say he couldn't wrap a mummy 
But. Let me pass the weed and stop passin' judgement 
Before. I have to beat him like a dick. He had it. Comin' 
Been eating so much pussy man, I'm starting to get chubby 
Schoolin' motherfuckers, I'm their favorite subject: 
Broomstick in my pants I'm'bout to go witch hunting, 
I'm already loaded, these niggas still bufferin' 
I fuck my girlfriend and her best friend. These niggas is lesbians. 
Don'T cross me like a pedestrian 
I'm, getting head watching, ESPN, 
She holdin' me and carressin' me: 
Don't hate the player hate the referee 
If. She F with me. I am definitely a necessity. 
 
