50Banks Lyrics
by 50 Cent.


Uh, yeah, G-Unit, uh, yeah 50 Cent, uh, yo.

Timbaland sounds so good, but I might not be ready.
I don't know.
If I spend a 100 grand on the beat, then we done bumped already.
Now here we go.

50, lefty, no gun in my right palm.
Bronx niggas love me, like they think our mics on.
These rap niggas not like me, they too soft.
Get shot down, I get up, shakin' shit off.
You know white collar crooks, do.
jokes on lap tops.
Real niggas snatch Glocks, and run up.
in spots.
We can talk Trump talk, real estate, stocks, and bonds.
Or gangsta shit, my Rugers and Glocks.
in palm.
Danger, ring the alarm, kiss the ring of the Don.
I conquer like Genghis Kahn, I said.
song in this song.
I won't hesitate to put a knife or a slug in you.
And watch you bleed out, that little bit of thug in you.
You don't want to bump heads with me, and get hit up.
You, you ain't got what it takes to fuckin' get up.
Holla niggas names on records, that shit is played out.
But holla mine in your next line, and get layed out.

My jewels look so good, and my chain is so heavy.
I don't know.
If I should stunt for these hoes again, cause I did that already.
Now here we go.

I don't give a fuck if your favorite rapper dies, to me thats.
my spot.
I'll celebrate his burial and eat at IHOP.
I've been hungry since a little nigga weed in my high top.
Face burgundy red, in need of a eye drop.
I had the black Delta Force, blue in the front.
Back when Jordan was flyin', and Ewing could dunk.
Of course, you can fuck now, you was buyin' the shrimp then.
Me on the other hand, Don Bishop and Pimp King.

I'm runnin' from a digital Munster.
I do this for the hood and every kid in a dumpster.
My name is poppin', and I ain't been at it long.
My neck's 16, and made Flex drop a Benz latin bomb.
I'm the best thing to happen to hip hop.
Since  Life After Death and that 2Pac shit drop.
I'm even good to a white boy with a slick top.
Stuck up in the mountains with a gun and the wrist pop.
Who? where?, Master P says our watch.
don't tick tock.
I'm cleanin' out my 6 shot, watchin' the Knicks flop.
Damn near the whole day I'm passing the green.
Thats how my bedroom, look like the World Trade after the scene.
Breaking news, hijack, bus passenger scream.
I'm your worst nightmare, I crush half of your team.
To me your line up is pussy, three wet Pampers.
The uzi will have you shakin' like them G-Dep dancers.

