6 Foot Pretty Lyrics
by Rufus Blaq.


Six-Foot seven-foot eight-foot bunch, 
 
Rufus Blaq, I'm back on my shit 
And that shit pretty 
 
Yo, Cadillac, wood-grained, 
Candy-apple, red paint, 
White walls on these 
I do everything you cain't 
I'm a king everywhere I walk. You hear the horns blow 
Nigga. Even as a kid I was paranormal 
Started from a park bench check, my discography 
My. First investment was Hennessy and pornography 
Stowed a couple Ford Tauruses and did some robberies 
Now. I got my mind right. I own a couple colonies: 
Spell, my name: B-L-A Q for the quality 
Women want a skip kissing because they'd rather swallow me 
Yeah baby. My training is so vigorous. 
I worked on my biceps. Instead, I got a bigger dick 
Fat. Chicks can get it, but I prefer a slender chick 
Edgar Allen, Poe shit. This is accurate, penmanship 
As, a baby. I felt pain. My first year, 
Alcoholic been an addict. Ever since my first beer 
No retreat still kept my swagger through my worst years, 
Here's my testimony little homie. This is church, yeah, 
, 
Six-foot, seven-foot, eight-foot, bunch, 
, 
Cover up the signs and the omens 
I catch everything haters, throw at me. I'M Terrell Owens 
I'm a polarized figure. Let me put it Ebonics, I'm that nigga 
My hustle flow is like Russell Crowe's 
With, an unmatched poise that no cuffs can hold 
I, hear your display and bravado 
Pretty rappers alive. They avocados 
This is the only way to get through to you. Earthlings 
I'm spitting it triple X, fuck, a PG-13, 
That nigga's, so fly haters, get air sick, 
They're rhinestones, I'm twenty-five carats 
Yeah my chulo 
I piss diamonds and got money out the 
I love women with big booties and tattoos 
A bad bitch. That can run in heels. Like the track shoes 
I mop floors with rappers until the towel, glisten 
I used to slap'em up, but now I let the style kiss'em 
I'm, the spirit of Frank Wright, heard your vagina. Tight 
I got ta lust for life 
At the same time, I'm eating asparagus with skirt steak, 

Even back when I was fat and in my worst shape, 
Asthmatic and all I shitted on your mix, tape 
After this I need a toothpick cuz. I just ate 
This track. Fuck us now I got to lick the plate: 
Yeah my Chulo 
Copy 
 
Six-foot seven-foot, eight-foot bunch
 
