6 God Freestyle (Sway in the Morning) Lyrics
by Tyler James Williams.


Nineteenth, been clean like hygiene, tight jeans.
Sitting over some high top Nikes.
It's likely you couldn't stand the one on my scenes.
Cause my team has been colder than Antarctica's ice cream.
These are pipe dreams.
By that, I mean a pipe bomb in your unconscious psyche.
It's likely, I've been seeing tweets on the nightly from each and every person.
it's getting me a little hi-fi.
And they can bite me, matter of fact, they can fact, check quote and cite me.
Cause I'm better than half of these rappers out here.
And I'm clear, I need an umpire, sitting right here.
Cause I never swing and miss.
But every single time I spit for Sway, I only seem to strike fear, I got a mic.
here.
And it's obvious, I'mma take a bite out of …

It's obvious, I'mma take a bite out of the unknown.
Thug, I've been grown.
So keep your comments to yourself.
Remember that you're just sending them from home.
Sitting alone on your broke phone, on the family playing cause you couldn't.
get one on your own.
I've been grown, I'm going off the dome.
Watch The Walking Dead and you could tell that I grip chrome.
Dog, I'm impractical, I'm impractical, I'm impractical…

I'm irrational, far from practical, album went international.
Most have never sold but they act like this stuff is classical.
You think rappers had slaves, always believed that it was masterful.
So far from facts that you can call me supernatural.
A soap's still fictual whose delivery is laughable.
Passable affable with a career so collapsible.
I'm a tactful lyricist with a flow that's so adaptable.
I hope you're ready for your lyrical apothecary.
I'm the heart-stopping bloodclot up in your capillaries.
Your pulse ain't steady, It's racing faster than a dready.
You're breathing heavy Freddy, close your eyes, I hope you're ready.
Came outta nowhere, did I scare you? Grr.
An actor-to-rapper who is known around the world.
And I can do this part time cause I'm financially secure.
And kick a track to Sway cause the publicity is there.
Yes I'm aware that my delivery is weird.
A rollercoaster flow with the kings that domineer us.
A sincere fear what you know could be hypnotic.
This is what happens when ebonics and counts as the melodic.

With a compulsory to rhyme that borders on the neurotic.
Thunder so supersonic it's gonna be astronomic.

