6 Minutes Lyrics
by B-Real.

B-Real 
So whaddya do when the game starts: changin fast 
Arrange for your ass to find a way to stay in the class. 
Sales declinin downloads are risin, 
Newbies shinin and we stuck askin. Where did ya, find him 
He ain't, a diamond, but he really got some incredible. Timin 
So sign him and put him out he's a star. That'S shinin, 
Give him a ringtone deal a commercial with T-Mobile 
Man. He can global depends if he acts noble, 
Take his photo and put him on the cover of Vibe 
Rolling Stone and The Source mag both gave him a five 
Now. He thinks that his shit don't stink, 
And every drink's from a bottle of Crist' and he's flyin on mink, 
He's, young and dumb, and don't sync with the drum 
But, all the little girls love him cause he's number one 
On top of the Billboards. Winnin Grammy Awards. 
Goin to red carpet events with the media, whores 
, 
Lights camera, flash you're on 
Uh-uh uh, uh uh-uh on 
Time's up six minutes, you're gone 
G-g gone, G-g-gone 
Tell me where'd, they go tell me where'd, they go 
Tell me: where did they go? Where did they go? 
Tell me: where did they go? Where did they go? 
Tell me? Where did they go? Where did they go? 
 
B-Real 
There's, a new kid in town climbin, the charts but still 
He's alright, but he's not real 
Regardless. They want a cameo for Freddie, Puccini 
He's, a freezer he's leanin back like the Tower of Pisa 
He's. On top of the mountain ain't got no one around him. 
To tell him the truth. Let him know people are clownin. 
They found him and wound him up. Like a toy for the children, 
He don't believe it he's only worried about his millions 
Collectin his cake coppin whips, buyin estates 
Lyin in wait. The birds flock to get that taste 
Beautiful bait for the new kid, but don't be stupid. 
Cause. They don't love you. They love your money as soon as you lose it 
They skate with the very next dude releasin, an album 
By, any means necessary thought. I'D quote it from Malcolm 
The. Outcome is all the same, and that part don't change 
Chalk it up to the game cause. It'S a part of the fame 
 
Young De 
These rappers. Just don't get it 
Better wake the fuck up, but you think you got it figured out 
Diggin a hole. So deep. You can't get up out. 
You don't give a shit about if they say you losin touch 
Just another one hit, wonder motherfucker screwin up 
But, not me not Young De 
I. Let the veterans guide me so nothin. Surprise me! 
All them moves. You be makin'em blindly, 
But the big homies B-Real and Young Gotti got me 
So. You can get the cover of the XXL now 
But when your boy hit all that shit. Gettin shut down 
Nursery rhyme lines, goin back to the kids 
And that bitch, that you wit comin back to my crib 
These execs got you gassed, put 10 on 2 
Ask me, who gon' last won't bet on you 
But. You could bet on me cause your boy. Come through 
 
