6 Out Of 6 (Get Gully) Lyrics
by 50 Cent.

I guess this is 6 out of 6 muthafuckers.

Tell me how do you want it, the knife or the razor.
You running, I'm coming to get you boy.
You can hide if you want but nothing can save ya.
Times running out, I'ma get ya boy.

I threw a b-boy style, bullet wound in my smile.
That beef I cook it, niggas I gets down.
Call it what you want, the clip, the ladder, banana.
I bet when I squeeze it, niggas scatter.
The hoes, that's a whole different story.
Find out the baby ain't mine, right there on Maury.
Me I make the whip fishtail, trunk full of fishscale.
Raw market itself, sucka the shit sell.
That's 36 o's of love, give me kiss, give me love.
Get to talking in codes, the phones bugged.
This Ferrari I get to the green, half man, hald machine.
I'm on ya head with the beam.
So focused ferocious, I shoot ya pretty ass out them Gucci.
loafers.
You're fucking with the wrong one.
The strong one that God gave the gift.
Stop the hater shit, you wanna make it.
Why would you be mad, I done made it bitch.

50 Cent + Freeway.
Tell me how do you want it, the knife or the razor.
You running, I'm coming to get you boy.
You can hide if you want but nothing can save ya.
Times running out, I'ma get ya boy.

Rain drops from heaven, the angels are cryin'.
It's raining outside, envision my gun firin'.
Red and white flashes, the police coming.
Nigga you ain't hittin' none, why the fuck are you running.
I make your momma wish your ass was a stillborn.
When that eagle get to chirping on the front lawn.
Where's teh love, I don't know but here's the snub.
Sucker barrel swallow the slug, die like a thug.
You know it's really not worth it.
To fuck with me, you'd rather tongue kiss the serpent.
Don't cry we all die.
It's just a matter of time.
Nigga one shot from the nine will shatter your spine.
Uh, the last of my breed, criminal tendencies inside of an emcee.
Fuck around I will line you.
Run from me, I will find you.
Forgot I'm nice, I will remind you.

50 Cent + Freeway.

One, two, fifty coming for you.
Three, four, better lock ya door.
Five, six, grab ya crucifix.
Seven, eight, don't stay up late.
The monsters back.
Yeah, I need a target.
So I can smash their head.
I'm nice!

