6 Out Of 6 Lyrics
by 50 Cent.

I guess this is 6 out of 6 muthaf-ckers 
 
Tell me. How do you want it? The knife or the razor 
You running, I'm coming to get you boy. 
You can hide if you want, but nothing can save ya. 
Times running out, I'ma get ya boy. 
 
I threw a b-boy style bullet wound in my smile, 
That beef. I cook it niggas. I gets down 
Call it. What you want the clip the ladder banana 
I bet when I squeeze it: niggas scatter, 
The, hoes, that's a whole different story: 
Find out the baby ain't mine right there on maury 
Me. I make the whip fishtail trunk full of fishscale 
Raw market itself, sucka the shit sell 
That's 36 o's of love. Give me kiss give me love 
Get to talking in codes the phones, bugged, 
This ferrari. I get to the green half man hald machine, 
*Tu, tu tu*. I'M on ya, head with the beam 
So focused ferocious. I shoot ya, pretty ass out them gucci loafers 
You're fucking, with the wrong one, 
The strong one that god gave the gift 
Stop the hater shit you wan na make it 
Why. Would you be mad? I dun made it bitch, 
 
Tell me: how do you want it? The knife or the razor 
You running, I'm coming to get you boy. 
You can hide if you want, but nothing can save ya. 
Times running out, I'ma get ya boy, 
 
Get get gully, g-g-get gully 
Get get gully, g-g-get gully 
We get gully and we get money. 
Them schemin' ass, chicks, can't get shit from me. 
 
Rain drops from heaven the angels cryin' 
It's raining outside envision. My gun, firin', 
Red and white flashes, the police coming 
Nigga, you ain't, hittin', none! Why the fuck are you running 
I make your momma wish. Your ass was a stillborn 
When that eagle get to chirping on the front lawn 
Where's, teh love - I don't know, but here's the snub 
Sucker barrel swallow the slug die like a thug. 
You know it's really not worth it. 
To fuck with me, you'd rather tongue, kiss the serpent 
Don't cry. We all die 
It's just a matter of time. 
Nigga one shot from the nine will shatter your spine 
Uh. The last of my breed criminal tendancies inside of an emcee 
Fuck around. I will line you 
Run from me. I will find you 
Forgot, I'm nice. I will remind you 
 
50 cent 
One two, fifty coming for you 
Three four, better, lock, ya door, 
Five, six grab ya crucifix; 
Seven eight! Don'T stay up late, 
The monsters back 
Yeah! I need a target 
So. I can smash their head. 
I'M nice 
, 
