666 God (Freestyle) Lyrics
by Yung Sizzle.

I ain't finished, I ain't finished.
Bitch, I already told you I ain't finished.
Stop asking for head.
And let me nut on your forehead.
No kidding, just kidding.
I ain't ever fucked with the Michelin.
No rubber on me no way.
Good luck paying for my children.

I'm the 666 God.
Yung Sizzle rolling with a triple-sized thot.
She love my thick rod.
Niggas salty as fuck.
Toss them future homeless niggas a couple of bucks.
Tell them niggas to keep their fucking Summers all tucked.
How your mom do my blunts.
Done licking her butt, dick in her butt.
Jiff on my balls, have her licking it up.
Tickle her guts from the inside.
Ya'll know I'm king of the west side.
But I'm the god of the east too.
Specifically Syracuse.
Pacific to Massachu...settes.
Getting lit like Pikachu.
Peek-a-boo sex, what you wanna do?
What you gonna do, nigga?
Your bitch on my dick like Tigger.
Put the pussy in the casket with some litter.
If we roleplay, always on my Ben Stiller.
Bitch already knows I'm gonna kill it.
I'm already gunning for them niggas.
Already fucked their whole clique.
All of their bitches on my dick.
Already shit on their fit.
They ain't ever seen it like this.
Size 20 Yeezy Boosts cause my feet thick.
And my leather skinny jeans grip my penis.
#BEENTRILL# tee cause I'm elitist.
Nintendo Power Glove, that's a Wii Fit.
Got my weed lit.
And I'm on fleek.
Cooking crack in the stu' with my homies.
You don't know me.
You're a homo.
Whip got four doors full of bullet holes.
Lungs so swole full of endo.
And I count every time my dick's stroked.
By your bitch hand.
Niggas know I'm the fucking man.
God damn, counting these duckets, need fifty hands.
Here's a shoutout to my three fans.
Pretty soon, ya'll will be the Heat fans.
Niggas know that I'm the fucking shit fam.
And I'm coming with hits, man.

Sizzle season approaching.
Grieve for every rapper, God has just now awoken.
Lost in the drizzle of the cum and the lotion.
I'm mostly searching for a hit of the potent.
Toking, choking, poking any bitch I find for a dime bag.
I'm putting on my damn du-rag.
Can't tell if you're Zulu or Zoolander.
Does it matter? All I get is punanner.
Going off to where Uber can't find me.
Going off and no one can outrhyme.
Getting off to old pictures of your mommy.
Got my salad tossed on the beach in Miami.
Yung Sizzle has arrived, come fondle me.
Round of applause for all involved.
I'd like to thank me, myself, and I.
Great guy.
Cause niggas lie, bitches lie.

