67 freestyle - Westwood 2016 Lyrics
by 67.

ASAP.
I just whipped it.
I'mma see some bands when I fly OT, and I flip this.
I just missed Tony's call and he picks up loads.
How the fuck could I miss this.
I got crack for the low.
The kitties do zombie after they hit this; I got dark and stones.
Got the Kitties dem screaming out.
Fuck my prescription.

But money afi mek so I'd rather be up in the kitchen.
We used to love all the fishing, now we're out in 4 doors drilling.
Trapping ain't dead, So I'm making the killing like shit is the realist.
I can't, I can't put my trust in a bitch are you kidding.
I'm, I'm counting some racks but I'm chasing a million.
If there's opps in a rave, then move out the way or we're hitting civilians.

Dimzy.
They're like how do you rap like that?
On a motes with bro smokin dope like how do you trap like that?
How do you trap like that?
This music tings kinda popping like.
How do you get the fans like that ?
I put food on scales, I put stones on cling.
I get bands like that.
I'm like free all da guys man X2.
Bro's with the 4's doing drills like.
How do you make it crash like that?
You dont wanna get with this corn you don't want it to be like that.
Got 20 man in the can but they gonna be right back.
Every day mans working.
Link S and cons in the morning we'll talk about earning.
I'll desert what you're serving, take what you served and serve it.
Raw came in looking shiny glistening something like sherbet, Skrr bang that's.
jump out gang jumping out them Germans.
You can control this but you can't trap round here if you ain't got no permit.
I'll hit your squat and trap round there and get the phone line twerking.

LD.
My g's fuck up the opps.
My long D fuck up the thots.
Just got work from the plug, now watch me fuck up the this box.
Opp T-T that's raw and I just got stones for the 4s.
And the ops still doing diss tracks, front face like check the scores.
Il Whip that skeng out again.
Slap someone for my and I swear I will do it again.
And I swear I ain't seen him again.
He's gonna come home one day and I swear Imma throw him a 10.
Look, you're not realer than gang.
Put skengs in a transit van.
You shouldn't even question this shit he either got smoked or he ran.
Take risk and prosper, everyday manaman trap.
He was talkin smack 'til my guy blew out the.
And was still out here in the flats.

LD.
Nearly got me a next case.
Had a 4 and a half, shot weight and it turned to a fed chase.
I ain't tryna' stop this grind give a fuck what the met say.
Bro put Star on road and Danny on street like press play.
You can try beef man it don't matter.
Get bread then invest in hammers.
These 4 4 spins don't jam up.
My tenants on the work with spanners.
Anywhere my guys pull up, crash, dash, suttin got mash up.
4 4 spin, 6 live corn leave every bone mash up.
I got 6 in my heart.
I was 6 from the start.
Girls can't act prestige like they don't know gang when they know who we are.
Anywhere you see man, there's smoke in the car.
Then it's back to the bar.
Thank god for the plug, he keeps throwing me grub.
Opps, put them neeks in the mud, when I fire these slugs.
I bang, on my ones or with gang, niggas know who I am.
I grip Choppers and Macs and I do that shit for the gang.

Dimzy.
Pull up, skrr, bang that's me and my people.
We slide through, jump out with skengs, ten toes ting like it's legal.
Whip out the skeng watch it kick, pow like Lethal.
I pray to Allah but do some things that are evil.
Like bring out the dots, or put the 4-4 spins in the vehicle.
Tryna poke opps on the.
Leave holes in your Armani Emporio.
Hold corn if you're tryna' be a hero.
Go from a hundred to zero.
Money don't sleep, and the clock don't stop.
And the fiends don't sleep, so the phones don't stop.
If it's beef then it's beef.
Your block or my block.
Ten toes on the streets.
Or in the 4 door truck.
You don't know about skengs in 4 door trucks.
?While Max brought bags and stuff?
Mana got things and stuff.
Back up the things and stuff.
Can't you see the.....
I don't pay no weight in fairs when I'm tryna buy lunch.
They say I smoke too much skunk.
4-4 leave a big man drunk.

ASAP.
67s the maddest.
If you hashtag gang better hashtag drillers and trappers.
Money af fi make so I make that happen.
I'm chilling on the trap with hashtag smack heads.
2 fat packs on the trap, abracadabra make that vanish.
Ten toes on the opp block with a skeng, the opps is scared they panic.
Peng tings loving the gang, whole heap of snaps, whole heap of cameras.

