67K What Where!? Lyrics
by 67.


? got a shank by his arsehole.
Flick that, shank man's face, now he's got a shit face for actin a.
arsehole.
Unwrap that box, smoke am on the bus, that parcel.
I'm a king in the six and the whole of Brixton my castle.
I mean the whole of south west, my castle..
I got boxes of am plus skengs on the block with gunners like arsenal.
I ain't trying to go back jail, remember Thameside days I was chilling with rascal.
I smoke a whole load of am.
Done a whole load of road for the gang.
I smoke man in the face with the colt.
.32 same size as a can.
I got boxes on boxes of am.
The feds tried to arrest my team.
Got stressed and I flew out to Dam.
I came back with a whole other plan.
Them bitches be loving the gang.
I don't even like that hoe but I fuck that bitch cause I can.
Cell time they be throwing me bandz.
We got beef in the streets.
Push work,make money,buy guns then we bring it all out in the streets..
Feds grabbed J with a .45 spin but bro didn't speak..
His loyalties tied to the 6 and he let you all know what's street..

Who are these youts, who are these brares?
67k what where?
You can get left right there..
I can move food right here, I can move food over there.
All the peng girls over there, say they wanna be right here..

There's bells in the dots.
There's crayons in the mop if you like thats long.
When manaman turn up at the dots, see man run, trip up and drop.
Still OT with this white girl, with that white girl, ain't no average.
blonde..
Crash man down on the backroad, speeding, couldn't give a toss about.
humps.
Nuff amnes in my rizla, raas that now manamans all slumped.
I do nuff road with the bros, but I fly OT and I'm two packs up.
Remember young days those pushbike days with two shanks up..
And we get the job done with skengs and a 4 door truck it's a must.
Lost couple skengs but bro came back to the hood linked this link for some.
more.
So we bought more and we gonna get more.
Trying to leave man #floored.
When 67 4's on the pitch, no referee man foul or score.
When 67 4's on the pitch, no referee man foul or score.
I just spoke to J on the phone, it's gonna be time till he's home..
Mad pissed for my bro, but meantime manman put food on road..
300 Pebs of both mana watch all that go..
I can never be laid back and my phone never goes slow..

Who are these youts, who are these brares?
67k what where?
You can get left right there..
I can move food right here, I can move food over there.
All the peng girls over there, say they wanna be right here..

