6th Sense Freestyle Lyrics
by Sweetness.


The Revolution will not be televised.
The Revolution is here.
Look.
The Top Floor is the place where I reside.
Hip Hop never died, it was buried alive.
And a group of killers made it survive.
Now they just selling themselves for riches, tell me where's the soul.

Never been one to break the Golden Rule.
It's the white kid playing the game, Pistol Pete.
I'm just tryin' to be the next gamebreaker, NBA Street.
For the love of the game.
I'm Dr. J at the Rucker before the fame.
Forget the money, I'd rather do it for the screams.
The studio is my field of dreams.
When I write these rhymes it's like I'm writing prayers.
Because victory always belongs to he who dares.
Sweetness getting the team together like the 85 Bears.
The walking example of the difference between a shot taker and a shot maker.

Because in the end I've always had Magic like the 87 Lakers.
Yeah, this Top Floor lifestyle, I've created an Army.
New to the game but I'm divin in, I ride these beats like Johhny Tsunami.

I always find a way to win, Santonio in the Super Bowl you can't guard me.

Young Sojourner, I'm all about the truth.
In this Adam and Eve society, for the one I love I'm biting the fruit.

Gotta team of girls like Geno Auriemma.
But I'm just looking for that MVP, Elena Delle Donne.
It's Sweetness baby, why the game tasting so sour?
I start talking to a girl and you all trying to get in like the restaurant's.
last half hour.
But this music game was love at first sight.
Y'all still playing with your apps and watching Guiding Light.
I'm going Frank Lucas, front row at the fight.
People doin' anything for an ounce of glory.
The true American Horror Story.
Our ancestors died for this country stabbing and shootin.
On this sacred ground, my generation is just disrespecting and polluting.

But I think we can make the change.
Just trying to live that good life.
Every day I praise god that I never had to live that hood life.
Because my mom put in the sacrifice for her little boy.
And because of her I always been a man of honor.
Doing this for my last name, never promised tomorrow.
When I hit the streets they come alive for that white boy Brian O'Conner.

They say always bet on yourselves.
So I went to college and started studying those books off the shelves.

This broken education system, it really sells.
And all this tuition got my cosigners feeling shifty.
But I'm still swinging for the fence, 1999, Ken Griffey.
Common sense, maybe you should invest.
Life insurance is just layaway for the wife to buy a brand new Mercedes.
When she's 80, And as of.
lately.
All I've been thinking about is my fate.
And all my homies living outta state.
If you care about someone, tell ‘em how you feel.
Too many people coming and going, it's been a while since I had something real.

And if looks can steal.
This would be that F Gary Gray cinematography.
The young wild and free Socrates.
To the grand scheme I'm just trying to apply a little philosophy.
Like it's funny how a smell brings back a memory.
Or I feel for everything that can't be touched.
Listening to my idols talking to me but they aren't even here.
And when my vision gets blurry, everything becomes so clear.
You know, to taste the wealth, you gotta spend every expense.
The prophet of my own life, I call it my 6th sense.
The land where my fathers died.
The land where my mothers cried.
The Ten Commandments, I think I violated like 5.
Ryan Gosling, I've always been about the drive.
I don't think I'll ever grow up.
Maybe just to meet my queen and buy her some diamonds.
This is my King's Speech, tired of all the silence.
May my words be bullets, shooting back at the violence.
Spread love, spread peace.
But in the meantime you have the right to remain silent.

