7-1-3 Lyrics
by Yung Redd.


Yeah 7-1-3 new South Sucka Free 
In, the trunk we on your heels, mayn 
Holla back, come on come on 
 
Yung, Redd 
Only. If you knew I'm playing by my own rules, 
Keep a new pair of 22's for the old school 
Neck full of rose gold, hoes spreading the news 
Even them days, I was broke. I was paying dues 
A hundred miles and running. You couldn't fill my shoes 
I break bread with my niggas yeah. That'S what niggas do 
These clowns plotting on me got me looking in my rear, 
Nothing, but blood and shedding tears through most of my years. 
But anyway. I showed and proved to most of my peers. 
Sooner or later recognized me as a pioneer 
Who would of thought that I'd be playing the right cards, 
And more grain than a lawn in your front yard, 
 
Now! You can tell we all about them: dollar bills, y'all 
Plus! I got 24 inches on my wheels. Y'All 
Them niggas playing mayn. I got ta, keep it real y'all 
I'm on the grind, so I get it how I live. Y'All 2x 
 
Lil' Ron, 
I'm money getting while niggas slipping. They really tripping 
I'm on a mission peep. How I'm living them. Chicks is flipping. 
Now pay attention and listen the game: ain't switching 
Did I mention. If it's tension, then your lil' ass, missing 
Stop, depending on niggas and get your own cash 
I love spending that money quick. So I make it fast 
And. It seems some of these rap niggas flow is trash. 
But me, I'm leaving the bank with big money bags 
Don't try to snatch my shit nigga. I will blast 
Them hollow tips. Got your ass stuck to the grass 
The spinners on the drop look like they doing. Cart-Wheels 
My money long like I discovered the arch build 
 
I, represent that 7-1-3 nigga 
 
Scooby, 
It's them hustler stacking ghetto. Reality live from the H 
And. The truth is we got it on fire in the H, 
So, no problem, we don't mind taking your place. 
We ain't come for the chump change. We came for the safe, 
And, hey thrown in the field 
If. You ain't never been in the real car that wasn't going very far. 
Or you just a stupid nigga. Let them other dummies move with ya. 
Cause y'all ain't. Taking down Scoob' nigga 
 
Unique 
I'm Grit-tastic, these hoes adore this 
I'm on point with my bucks like TJ Ford, g'eah, 
You niggas is worthless, got no purpose 
Might as well, be a sideshow and work for a circus, ay 
I'm bout. My fast money ask around 
And. If you ask bout, my money hit your ass with pounds: clowns 
7-1-3. You ain't noticed 
Unique that bastard boy, I'm so focused 
, 
Poppy, 
Guess who's back in the mix from the land where they package and ship 
Crack. On the strips we added to get the cabbage and split 
And for the cabbage automatics'll rip 
Baggies to bits by any means when we, after the chips, 
Fuck being average ships, you need power to play. 
Whether. You work a nine to five or turn powder to yay. 
Get out the way, that's how he put it down in the H: 
We ride chrome a inch for every hour of the day, ay 
 
Yeah-yeah holla at me.
 
