8 More Miles - Freestyle by 50 Cent and G Unit Lyrics
by 50 Cent.

Sometimes I just feel like quittin I still might 
Why. Do I put up this fight? Why do I still write 
Sometimes, it's hard enough, just dealin with real life 
Sometimes, I wan na jump on stage and just kill. Mics 
And show these people what my level of skill's like 
But, I'm still white. Sometimes I just hate life. 
Somethin ain't right hit the brake lights, 
Case of the stage fright drawin a blank like 
Da-duh-duh-da-da, it ain't my fault 
Great. Then I falls my insides crawl 
And. I clam up. I just slam shut 
I. Just can't do it. My whole manhood's 
Just been stripped. I have just been vicked 
So. I must then get off the bus. Then split 
Man fuck, this shit yo, I'm goin the fuck home 
World on my shoulders. As I run back to this 8 Mile Road, 
 
I'm, a man I'ma make a new plan 
Time for me to just stand up and travel new land 
Time for me to just take matters into my own hands. 
Once I'm over these tracks, man I'ma. Never look back 
 And I'm gone. I know right where I'm goin 
Sorry momma I'm grown. I must travel alone. 
Ain'T gon' follow the footsteps, I'm making my own 
Only way that I know how to escape from this 8 Mile Road, 
 
You can take me out. The'Hood but can't take the'hood out me: 
Cause, I'm ghetto, I'm ghetto 
Picture me polishin' pistols, I'm comin' to get you 
The shells hit you you screamin' 
Think, I'm playin'. I mean it 
Man I done bought all these pistols. 
Lets get it poppin'. 
Start wavin', my M-1 shell cases get the droppin' 
Death round the courner the corner. I got too much pride to hide 
I'm outside gun in my pocket. You stunnin' and stoppin' 
I'm dyin' to pop it I'm young and I'm restless. You know not to test this 
As. The world turns there's lessons to be learned: 
Count all my blessin's clean up my weapons, 
I'm ready for war, the strong survive, the weak will parish. 
I told you before hoes. They compliment me now that 50 in nice chains, 
Beligio twenty grand chips at a dice game. 
Ballin now can't stop got ta watch MTV BET 
Nigga. You see me 
I, wonder if you mad cause, I'm doin' good 
Or cause niggas feelin' me more than you in your'hood 
And. It hurts cause you love'em and they don't love you back 
Cause. They know you just rappin' and you don't bust a gat 
You, pussy, 
 
Yeah, explain it to niggas in your hood. Nigga 
They know you fuckin' frontin' nigga 
Talkin', like gangstas. On a record. I see you nigga 
Niggas know me: nigga ask around in my'hood nigga 
Read the Daily News nigga, you see them talkin' about me. Nigga 
I'm, in the middle of all kinds of shit. 
Pussy lets get it poppin' 
 
G-G-Unit, G-G-Unit, G-G-G-Unit, G-G-G-G-G-G-Unit, G-Unit, 
, 
