85 Bucks an Hour Lyrics
by Twiztid.


Chillin' at the studio, ... 
Chillin at the studio 
85 bucks an hour, 
Ao hurry up and loop a beat Mike 
Come on 
 
Uh Uh Uh 
I'm Violent J, but my homies call me Shithead 
But, that's my homies to you! I'M Violent J, bitch 
I put my boys on a track, even though they suck 
 
Yo dawg. I'M Dave and I don't give a fuck 
 
I did a record deal. I signed a contract 
Technically for Island. I can only rap 
Well fuck that with Twiztid I'mma still spit 
Even, though I got a cold and I sound like shit 
What. The fuck was that Fuck it leave it in that shit is phat. 
You heard this beat eighty times, I'mma still freak it 
And. If you notice my shit, don't even rhyme ... 
Look at that., I ain't even got a rap and it's still phat 
My shit went gold. I got fat
knots 
And you're, still flyer'in parking lots. 
You might say my vocals are up too loud. 
So I'mma turn'em up louder to piss you off, 
Psychopathic Records are geniuses, get off our penises 

Instead I'll, just fuck with the phone book 
 
Hello 
, 
Yeah uh Harry Sacks, Please 
 
Who. Is this 
 
Uh Harry hey? This is Slim Anus down at the cannery 
Uh Dick Shooter left a bulletin, something about uh 
You filling in his slot tonight. Down at the uh garage 
We got a casement of fudge.. We need as many packers as we 
Can get uh uh Sacks 
 
, ..., Hello, 
, 
Uh, Uh, 
, 
My name is Jamie Maddrox and I got fat balls 
I'm, always urinating. In the motel halls, 
I got a big head that never fits a hat 
So. You ain't see me wearing a damn thing: green bitch 
I'm. Far from rich, I got ta hoopty 
With a smash in the fender and in the back too 
I got ta a broken tail light and I'll smash. You 
Bitch get outta my way.. We got clown, love, 
Fat, props, to the lyrical Tom Dove 
 
It's, the M-O-N-O, and I can't even spell the rest. 
It takes too long and I need a fuckin' cigarette. 
I can't hear my right. Ear'S, mad wack 
So shut the fuck up and listen or get an ass kickin' 
I slap hoes and call them bitches to thier, face 
And scream Now fuck off bitch Twiztid in the place, 
So back up, recognize and check nuts 
Cause. Simply, my dear, I don't give a fuck 
 
Psychopathic 
 
Yo. This is Mo' Styles in this piece. What'S up son, 
, 
Hello, 
 
Yeah? What'S up son, I'm lookin' fo this deal, 
You know what I'm sayin', I 
Got raps to bust fo, y'all. Y'all, ready, fo, Mo' Styles 
I'm'bout to kick this flow y'all ready, fo this shit or what 
 
Who's this 
 
Word up, son., I'm Mo' Styles, I'm straight From the hood, 
I got all my peoples on 1-800 Crenshaw., We comin' hard, 
 
Bring it bring it bring it 
, 
My names, 2 Dope and sometimes Shaggy, 
Sometimes, Shags and sometimes Greedy 
I get mad stupid. I gets mad ill 
Locked down in all five fuck it. I do this still 
Stretch my nuts back, like a slingshot and plant'em in your mouth 
Shake, my hips, like Elvis wiggling my pelvis 
Last kid that stepped 
I applied a Camel Clutch and
stretched his back like 
Motherfuckin' bungee jump, 
WAAAAAAH, 
, 
I'm Violent J back to make you Smile more 
I, let my nutsack drag on the tile floor. 
I kick free styles for miles. 
My gold comes in piles. I worked on Belle Isle ..., 
I picked up deer shit and now I spit raps ... 
I snap, your neck ... 
Cause, my freestyles are fresh ..., 
 
