90s Song Lyrics
by WordPlay T.JAY.


T-Dot's Back, T-Dot's Back.
You can gone tell them haters not to be like that.

I met this girl named Tammy, she stay out in Miami.
She say it's hot out there and she don't even need no panties.
I asked her what she here for she said to visit family.
She asked me what I do, I said trying to win a Grammy.
She said you think you fancy, I said I'm on a mission.
Trying to sack these quarters just like I'm out here blitzing.
Ain't no use in tripping, we at the beach already.
But Tammy want a boo thang, she tryna keep it steady.
And I'm trying to watch my belly like an old school flick.
Tammy Aunt Jemima, yeah she too damn thick.
I'm afraid to get the flu then I'd be too damn sick.
And I'm all up on these drums like a blue man stick.

This feel like a new caddy with this windows rolled down x2.
This feel like the 1990's with a brand new sound.
In a brand new caddy with the windows rolled down.

This feel like this every summer, OTM my mantra.
My friends be at the mill.
rolling up some ganja.
Enough to fill your lungs up, stay linked up like some nun-chucks.
You can never reach our level so you better get your 1's up.
Started right here from the ground up, put them grounds up and announce us.
We the now stuff, pronouns: us,.
we killing everything like Round-Up.
Where the doe at for the crown buck, tell the venue turn my sound up.
There ain't no lames around us, we marching through the town, what.

Left, Right, Left, Right, down, up we change the game forever.
Any, every endeavor &amp; whether there's heavy weather.
The cheedar's on the bruschetta, my pallet couldn't be wetter.
Milking it til it's leather, all the way down to the feather.
Know for not wasting no time, filling my book up with rhymes that come from my.
mind.
Marinate and I get better like wine, booking these shows they never decline.
A brother like me is hard to define, still on my grind when it's harder to.
climb.
Look at me like I'm created divine, I aim for the world and I'm calling it.
mine.

T-Dot's Back, T-Dot's Back.
You can gone tell them haters not to be like that.

I met this girl named Brenda, she loves to play Nintendo.
She said let's watch some Netflix, I hope she is a sinner.
This ain't movie night, she just want me deep up in her.
It's been a couple months and she's feeling really pent up.
And I'm trying to watch my belly like an old school flick.
Brenda Aunt Jemima yeah she's too damn thick.
I'm afraid to get the flu then I'll be too damn sick.
And I'm all up on these drums like a blue man stick.

