93' Til' Infinity Lyrics
by The 3rd Kind.


If you want it you got to take it, there's no holding back.
Trust me I'm never playing, I ain't holding back.
I style ? and spitting my soul on tracks.
I guess ? and no I'm not giving it back.
That would be foolish, matter of fact useless.
Holla back deuces, man.
They said I couldn't do shit, now they looking stupid.
Most complexness to ever hit the loot and.
Now what they gonna do ?
I think they mad, wishing they had.
This is way past what the lyrics surpass.
Once again I took the bar too high.
Well, no, way too low.
Line for line, there he go again.
And he jimmy two times,.
feeling like goofy guy.
Not even in my prime, looking for the limes.
Sprite got me feeling right, I think you got it twisted.
We need to revisit, well hold up.
Wait, a minute, I'm never to the point.
I got my pencil running out on the beat.
Can't you see this diarrhea of the mouth.
Anyways in these days I realize what it's about.
Getting paid and having a maid.
Got to make your move, not too late not too soon.
Life isn't forever, life isn't forever.

This is how we chill from 93' till.
This is how we chill from 93' till.

JaKK the Rhymer.
Killing shit with diligence, passionate with passages.
? with rap, I'm packing it every chapter and.
Picasso in this vomitspit.
Addicted to the art, Andy Warhol it.
Real rhyme and it been underground.
The ripper been a heavyweight but now they giving him pounds.
Outstanding how the rhymer do it, flow so potent.
Influence like a potion, a fluid leave them drowning.
The uncrowned kings Brooklyn's own and.
With these poems they follow my rhymer's flows.
And X them chromosomes holmes.
Duck down or get beheaded then.
Don't feed the rhymer after dark with the gremlin.
Testing 'em, I don't think you want to be testing me.
And the next MC to be chopped another recipe.
Lyrical vasectomy or the Smith &amp; Wesson will.
Leave a rhymer desolate.
You rocking with rap excellence.
Mines in the rhymes I conquer mines in stealth.
Never trapped with fame or blind with wealth.
Never rap for fame or rhyme for wealth.
Nine trae get lost and find yourself.

