\0-100 Rounds\ Lyrics
by Zoetic.

Zoetic.
Zac of All Trades....
Workin' on the mixtape....
All my shit sound straight....

Chopper spit 0 to a 100 rounds real quick...
Real quick.. real real quick, hol' up...
All these people tryna kill shit...
Kill shit... but you know that they gon' feel this!

Bitches Makin' Wishes for a BMW....
But i dont really fucks witchu!
Everytime I'm ridin' round.
Play my music hella loud.
Comin thru to shut it down.
Look what happened to this town!
My boy just got off a pound....
Of that loud and you still be sellin' bags hater?!
I caught a charge for the strap!....
Real Rap! And you say you bussin' mags hater?!
I'll throw you in a pit of alligators.
If he ever doubt me i dont care he a fuckin' traitor!
Take ya face to a cheese grater, cause i need paper.
Every beat I'm throwin' bombs, i dont mean Jager!
Yea, i'm like a modern-day Cassius Clay.
Punchlines knock 'em out like Debow, change for days.
Muhammad Ali, float like a butterfly and sting like a bee.
Chopper sound like Mike Tyson when he spits a free like.
Fairies Frolic Freely Forever inside the Forest.
I be killin' shit i know you cannot ignore it.
I'm the bear that drowned Goldilocks inside the porridge.
Leave the scene lookin' morbid.
Got em' jumpin' out they Jordans.
You might see me on the Forbes List.
The armed forces ridin' four dark horses.
Of course its, gunna run its course, when i split you like divorces.
Tryna go against me it's like a Cheetah to a Tortoise.
Stop Lion You be Monkeyin' around till' red dots eem at you then i.
say Bison.
And yo bitch Goat scream when i Panther Grasshopper.
in her Boxer then Giraffe when i Lemur HA!
One hunit'.
No Frontin', keep it One Hunit'.
On the track, when i rap, my words they start runnin'.
Memory lapse, check the facts, in my raps, Zac's crack, Brraat Brraat, blah.
blah we all know that!
Im tryna' come up wit' somethin different.
They givin' me punches,kicking.
A bunch of you pussies, kittens.
I'm a grown ass man so why in the hell would i be kiddin'?
Look at all these flows I'm rippin'.
I'm spittin' these lines they sniffin'.
I'm showin' no signs of quittin'.
This music is why I'm livin'.
I'm killin' wit guns I'm grippin'.
I'm tuckin' rollin' and flippin'.
I'm sick of beefin' wit chickens.
Pussies actin like some women.
When i get to kickin' writtens.
They belong inside the kitchen.
Since i bailed out of the prison.
I've been on musical missions.
Promise i'll never be slippin'.
Fuck the world i stick my dick in.
Zac of all Trades, A'int no element that i be missin' look!

