\Cleopatra\ Lyrics
by Rx.

Rx.

Love just ain't what it use to be.
Men worried 'bout they women hoping they don't get used to me.
It's crazy how they be choosing me.
All they see is dollar signs.
These women ain't using me.
Typical nigga mindset, bet.
But you just working too long.
What you expect?
Mercedes pull out, Range Rover pull in.
Nigga just walked out.
Nigga 'bout to walk in.
Dim lights, time right, candles by the bed sheets.
Dinner on the table, they ain't even tryin' eat.
Straight to the bathroom, hot water runnnin' in the sink.
Mirrors foggy, shorty likes it kink.
Hands on her thighs.
Legs getting tired.
Rollin' back her eyes.
Hoping for a surprise.
She don't even care that her man just left.
She just wanna' feel good, forget the rest.

Love, Love, She don't want a man.
Love, Love, She don't want a man she just wanna' have fun.
Love, Love, She don't want a man.
Love, Love,  She don't want a man she just wanna' have fun.

Legs up, bra on.
Panties all lace.
Hand full of hair, she just wanna' feel great.
She feel like she deserve it, she don't feel a disgrace.
And she just got deserted it's alot on her plate.
They call her Cleopatra, the leo actor.
It's she - i'm after.
She got a diary, i'm hoping i could be a chapter.
Call her a actress cause she's the master of disaster.
And he don't even know, that's crazy but she just has to.
Kiss his face.
Lie to him.
Tell him it's okay.
And everything be straight.
Like every single day.
he on his way to work and somebody coming there.
And he don't even know he being treated unfair.
And she can't even tell you if it's ever gone end.
And he ain't got a clue so no time should he spend.
Supposed to be her man when he should've been her friend.
Mercedes pull out.
Range Rover pull in.

Love, Love, She don't want a man.
Love, Love, She don't want a man she just wanna' have fun.
Love, Love, She don't want a man.
Love, Love,  She don't want a man she just wanna' have fun.

Bodies sweatin' for hours.
Wake up, pass out, golden showers.
Using his towel to dry her lover off.
And he don't know he gotta' brush her off, mm.
Then she put one of his shirts on.
This girl is devious and he don't gotta' work long, so -.
Hurry up and put them clothes on.
Blow them candles out.
She feeling so gone.
Kiss her face and grab them keys.
She lay down, can't feel her knees.
All cause he can't feel her needs.
When he gone, she beg and pleads.
Ten minutes 'for he come in, time gettin' thin.
time for you to go - she ain't never caught slip'n.
This is where the acting really be-gins.
Range Rover pull out.
Mercedes pull in.

Love,  Love, She don't want a man.
Love, Love, She don't want a man she just wanna' have fun.
Love, Love, She don't want a man.
Love, Love,  She don't want a man she just wanna' have fun.

