A Damn Fool Lyrics
by Swerve.


A Renegade, did away with dead weight, left the heard, Smoking Herb.
Diagnose my sinner ways, hard to find like silhouettes from center stage...
You stare at me with evil eyes, trappin me, provoking fear.
Whispering deceitful lies, hide behind the smoke and mirrors.
Try to rope me in, once again i sever ties, can't coax me in...
Better think again, life changes with the traffic like the light changes.
Do or die, this california life's heinous.
And i love it but it's tainted.
Baby know it's strange as haiti, ain't it?
Lately everything been crazy.
Trying to get this paper.
I wonder will it ever stop?
And only heaven knows.
God only hears me from my highs &amp; lows.
Callin out, trying to find him.
Wonder Why, when broke and blinded.
We can see the light?
Money keeps us shining bright, but still.
We loosin' sight, like.
How can he love us if he left us here?…
Then he made us these.
Gluttons for the sin, fillin up on small doses.
Still as potent as some everclear...
And still our soul's empty as the fridge was every year...
But we smiled with our friends more than ever when.
We split our last dollar over every beer.
Running aimless, live everyday like heavens near… feelin' great.
But then you see that beamer pass, sun reflecting off it.
While you sick of fucking walkin, waitin' at the cross walk.
Then you flash back, back to thinking' profit...
Weighing life on the scale like -- happy, rich, or coffin..?
And you can't choose...
… just a damn fool...

News Reports.

Translated later as long i'm gettin' paper, i felt like a star.
Blowin' a grand at the bar, i was caking' it -- a family man &amp; now i'm.
barely makin it.
Life gets hard, when you tryin to go right, and it all goes wrong...
When you try to move beyond, and it all falls down.
The worst part is the karma.
Cause you had to put it out, for it to come back round...
Then there's always fear...
Second thought, hug my child and hope it weighs out.
Then it all gets clear.

All of us sense it.
All of us sinning, but none of us wanna admit it.
Rather say it's just business, than our only way of living...
I swear.. when i was young it was just what we'd do, when it all fell through.
it was.
All I knew.
\-- dropped out of school, first year of college.
I said wasn't living off no loans, now it's just ironic.
I was getting this paper, blowing money for thrills, should of saved it.
Now it's too late and it ain't paying the bills...
I'm in debt, went from a sales job, young, feelin' well off...
Recession hit us hard, now i'm feelin' ilke i fell off.
&amp; all bets are off when your scared to check your mail box.
Legal or not, we gotta eat.
So as long as i'm breathing, i'm in the street.
Coming for my handful...
Chasin a dollar, like a damn fool...

News Reports.

