A Life Worth Killing Lyrics
by Voli.

Voli:.
What have I become?
There's nothing as real as what I'm ‘bout to say.
I guess I was different, I'm in a position to stretch all the limits, I say,.
“namaste”.
Does nobody feel him? With time disappearing, I'm hear bodybuilding, always on.
my whey.
Never arriving, it's bogus, should I be a god or a soldier.
Could've been riding the tail of another, but I am no Tagalong, I'm a Samoa.
You know him as Voli.
C'mon, you know him as Voli, uh huh, yah, yah.
Yes, I was tall, couldn't dunk, never balled.
But, now I'm on the up and up, like I'm seven foot four.
See life is pain, but the pain breeds life like a circle.
Don't let it hurt you, eventually it'll merk ya.
Tell em rah, rah, rah.
I can't relate to nobody.
Everybody here's a dick or sucking on somebody, yah know?
Twitter preaching, no degree but you teaching.
And giving Lifestyle lessons, homie, save it for your penis.
I'm good, just turned thirty, had whisky and a cigar.
Next day, I was throwin up like a Latin King in a brawl.
Whew, can't drink like I used to.
A little less alcohol, but I still handle these bars.
It's Nouveau, the face of difference, a generation of misfits.
Best shit that they've never heard of, my flow is better than cursive.
Ey, Victor, today we learn ‘em, fuck handouts, no need for Jergens.
No major, but major earnings emerging, my flame is burning internal.

Cuz if a life's worth living, it should be murdered.
It should be murdered, cuz if a life's worth living, it should be murdered.

I dreamt a pretty nightmare.
Skeletons in the closet eat through my flesh.
A succubus in the mirror.
Put it up on the ceiling, baby, fuck success.
Can you hear that sound? Can you hear that sound?
Well, that's the sound of my beginning.
Ohhh no, yeah.

Ming:.
Teardrops that fall.
From his eyes off the side of a mountain.
Baptize my soul.
I am a salt water child.
Niagra falls.
They ain't gonna get me.
Cause barrels protect me.
Can you hear that sound?
Ya hear that sound?

Voli:.
The Wall is your gloryhole, cumming, I drill em.
I'm all in your mouth, baby, fuck all your feelings.
Cuz my life is sweeter, the garden of eden.
I chose the Big Apple and I started eating.
Some dummies I know never made it and looky.
They live through another like Swayze and Whoopie.
But I don't intend to kneel for no handouts.
That fire burning, lemme camp out.
And go in so hard, I stand out.
Never leave hip hop but I branch out.
And my trees sprout, tell Oprah, I'm the brand new Deepak.
And that's deep as Pac.
Ain't worried ‘bout money or celebrity.
That there'll be a given like charity.
So I pay the dues till I change it all.
Let's change together, what you waitin for, hah?

