A Picture From Life's Other Side Lyrics
by Woody Guthrie.

In the world's mighty gallery of pictures, 
There are scenes that are painted from life 
Scenes of youth and of beauty, 
Scenes of hardship and strife, 
 
Scenes of wealth and of plenty 
Old age and the blushing young bride 
Hang on the wall, but the saddest of all 
Is, a pictures from life's other side, 
 
A picture from life's other side 
Someone, has fell by the way. 
And a life has gone out with the tide. 
That might have been happy, someday, 
, 
Some, poor mother at home, 
Is watching and a-waiting alone, 
Longing. To hear from her loved one, so dear 
That's, a picture from life's other side, 
 
Now, the first scene is one of two brothers 
Their paths them both differently, led 
One lived in luxury and riches 
And, the other one begged for his bread, 
 
One night. They met on the highway 
Your money or life. Sir one cried 
And, then, with his knife took his own brother's life. 
That'S, a picture from life's other side, 
 
The next scene is that of a gambler. 
Who had lost all his money at play. 
An'. He draws his dead mother's ring from his finger 
That. She wore long ago on her wedding day, 
 
It's his last earthly treasure, but he stakes it 
Then. He bows his head that his shame. He may hide 
But when they lifted his head. They found he was dead, 
That's, a picture from life's other side, 
 
A picture from life's other side. 
Someone has fell by the way. 
And a life has gone out with the tide. 
That might have been happy someday, 
, 
Some, poor mother at home, 
Is watching and a-waiting alone, 
Longing to hear from her loved one. So, dear 
That's, a picture from life's other side, 
 
Now, the last scene, is down by the river 
Of, a heart broken mother and babe 
In. The harbor light glare, see them shiver, 
Outcasts that no one will save 
 
Once. She was once a true woman, 
Somebody's darlin' and pride 
God help her. She leaps for there's no one to weep 
That's, a picture from life's other side. 
 
A picture from life's other side 
Someone has fell by the way. 
And, a life has gone out with the tide. 
That might have been happy, someday, 
, 
Some, poor mother at home, 
Is watching and a-waiting alone, 
Longing to hear from her loved one. So dear 
That's, a picture from life's other side
 
