A Pound a Day Lyrics
by Virtuoso.

I smoke till my eyes seem, lime green.
And there's no cure but a bath in visine.
My dope's fresh off the boat, and my buds juicy.
With fiery red hairs like I love Lucy.
My crib is crawling with blunt roaches and.
When I'm feigning, I exterminate them by them.
Lit the dro, in a optimo sizzle slow.
Hit and flow spit and blow smoke out in little O's.
You know the seed never falls far from the tree.
Germinate and touch heads constantly THC.
The O throw shows we throw joints in the crowd.
We got, joints in our mouth, see the point is we proud.
Around for night when Snype rolled a quarter pound.
In one joint, or stuffed inside four philly titans with all our boys around.
I took your girls silver pearl, blew her mind with the AK.
While you were stretching dimes into eight J's.

Smoke a pound of herb a day and yo.
Keep the peace with the weed and hash.
Puff puff give, puff puff give, if I'm hard to find take two pulls and pass.
My whole comittee like to puff L's, sound in my veins and a pound on.
my brain.
Smoke with me, light one up, getting high, smoking weed......

Blueberry sativa straight pouring out your speakers.
Mary jane told me meet her at the very highest peak of.
The Himalayas well spin a J of the northern lights.
We'll swim in hydroponical chronic cause waters life.
Afghani gold was the last gram we rolled.
Hash and we hold stashed in the dash cause these hoes.
With badges won't grab this G-13 beasters.
Rebirth like easter from smoke thick like keifer.
Reefer sparks my acid battery your placid cavalry.
Is smashed and that'll be what will happen if you matching me.
We burn chem rocks to hemlock our brain.
I got a ten spot, you got a ten spot?
Let's spark the flame.
I'd be like Bill Gates if I ain't spend ill cake.
To get real baked and spend my day in a chill place.
In case I don't get a next life I live the best life.
I can and smoke bless right, until my death like I.......

Before the first second of my first day, my birthday.
Before my delivery I had hit my first J.
See my parents were hippies I was delivered at home.
To relax during labor mom lit up a bone.
So when it comes to getting high ya'll I'm a lifer.
Parents smuggled weed from Jamaica in my diapers.
Blazing I'm the caucasian version of Bob Marley.
Asian eyes staying high in the clouds like god's army.
I went, from a joint to a nickle to a dime.
Then a half to a Z now its P's all the time.
Most of my crew was high in high school.
And failed, but got a A + from getting high school.
And how I do seems obscene to most.
The green I toast, make you believe you seen a ghost.
Yo I smoke so much, I don't need no dutch.
Put the lie in my mouth spit fire and roast up.
Blow puffs of smoke clouds, cumulus, cirrus.
And if you near us puffin' canabis I know you hear us.
If I get cancer man, I'mma go to Amsterdam.
Smoke a handsome gram to the face, casue thats the answer man.
And I still wish, Clinton had admitted that he hit it and got lifted.
Cause maybe today it would be permitted.
It's medicinal, who you gon' listen to.
A psycho that's rich from cigarettes and wants to put a micro-chip in you?
Fuck that! if you got weed puff that.
And if your smoking something let your man touch that.
The real drugs crack, heroin and alcohol.
Tobacco and mescalin and the rest of them cause after all.
What did weed do but make your lies see through.
And bring a peaceful vibe to all of my people.
Virtuoso blow O's and yo.
Hold up, no more flow I'm a go smoke some dro.

