A Southern Girl Lyrics
by Z-Ro.


Southern girl 
That's all I need in my southern world, 
 
Z-Ro 
I'm worth a million, even though I'm in my house, shoes, 
She see money in motion everytime. My mouth move 
I'm such an executive, but I am so South too 
Rifles in all of my rides. Under the couch too 
When I roll up in that Bentley guess what her mouth do: 
It open up and don't close like a do' house, do 
You can get some of this penis, but it's gon' cost you 
Cause everyday. I'M hustling, like Rick Ross, do 
I use to move a lil', hard lil' soft too 
Now. Somebody move it for me. I'M a boss, boo 
If, you was a regular broad. I would of lost you 
Street smart. Somebody done already taught you 
She a red head, but she love the way. I floss blue 
Fuck you to sleep and steal your shit. I showed her how to 
She ain't a scary, bitch she'll bust you in your mouth, too 
Football player with that work. She run a route too 
 
Southern girl, 
That's. All I need in my southern world 
Yeah-yeah Southern giiiiiiiiiirl yeah yeah, yeah-e-yeah 
I'm on that down South shit rolling with my down South bitch 
 
Yo Gotti 
Got, a thick bitch down in Memph' 
8 Ball shit, Space Age, Pimp, 
And, my hoes. They don't wear no panties 
Pick em up in a white Rolls or the Phantom 
A young nigga use to rock gold teeth. 
Before the rap shit. I would send a whole key 
Hoe. Please never been a trick. 
Always been a real nigga on some boss. Shit 
Always had a red hoe that was gun thick 
She always had stupid head that would cum sick 
Down, South bitch, I'm talking Atlanta, 
Soul food eater went to school in Alabama 
I'm talking bow leg met her at the galleria 
Long hurr fat, ass man. You got ta, see her 
She for real bitch run round in a Kia 
Put her in the Bentley coupe and moved her to the crib 
 
Southern girl 
That's. All I need in my southern world 
Yeah-yeah Southern giiiiiiiiiirl yeah yeah yeah-e-yeah 
I'm on that down South shit. Rolling with my down South bitch 
, 
Z-Ro 
I use to be an asshole. Now I'm a grown man 
King of the Ghetto, while ruling over my own land, 
Regular women, ain't invited to my home man, 
Pretty, face big booty, whip up a zone, hand, 
That ain't, sweet and sour chicken cooking in the kitchen, 
And that ain't just her homegirl. They both into licking 
She'll, set you up for that paper place you into position, 
Them thangs or your life. One of em coming up missing. 
She cornbread fed almost thicker than my pocket. 
Already came five times, but she ain't stopping 
She fuck with rich niggas, but she don't be name dropping 
When. You see her with them. Rich niggas bet she ain't. Bopping 
Always see her from the back. She never face front 
Never turn to comb. My hair: that's why she rock a lace front: 
Ain't, no handcuffing! You can taker her home today! Brah 
She, don't belong to Mr. McVey brah homie she's, a 
 
Southern girl 
That's. All I need in my southern world 
Yeah-yeah Southern giiiiiiiiiirl yeah yeah yeah-e-yeah 
I'm on that down South shit rolling with my down South bitch
 
