Abominationz Lyrics
by Twiztid.


Hate me.
I'm an abomination.
Crazy!
Not my creation.
Blame me for the fall of a generation.
An now the monsters have awakened.

There go that freakshow.
He the opposite of anything ordinary or peaceful.
The F.B.I. been watchin me like peep shows.
Afraid of what I might do with all these people.
Well I'm the prequel and sequel to the evilest thing you ever seen.
So really I'm like Fuck You to everyone in between.
The mainstream is afraid of my A-Team.
Cause I'll put one in their face and then call it a cutscene!
Hanging low with ones living single regime.
Now I'll cut your woman's leg off, Maybelline.
All because an abomination is free.
When all you had to do was just let the freak bleed.
Don't really wanna go there with me, I'm silly with nowhere to be.
I'm in love with killin people for nothin, notoriously.
Just gimmie that axe and you'll see, split you in half the speed.
So you'll beg me to kill you A little faster please??

Insane Clown Posse.

Grab the kids pull em close, here comes the bad guys start shakin'.
What the fuck we out here doin' now? Some kind of snakin'.
Treated like a pack of strays, not allowed in.
Maybe its time we gather at the gates and plowed in.

You discredit our accomplishments, astonishments.
Dark Carnival so deep its bottomless.
We ain't welcome at the banquet cause nobody vouch for us.
Yet, here we are growling so loud they can't ignore us.

What if we became everything they claim we is?
We took the show out the game, and brought the real biz.
I've been called a monster so many times I'm turning green growls.
I'll come get em make wherever they at a murder scene screams.

They want it damn it off the planet, they don't understand it.
But then the legend grows some of them's time harder than granite.
Them guys chant it for the righteous, treated wrong.
It was just a song, but we could only take it so long, Abomination!

Shunned all my life like a plague or disease.
Rather live on my feet than die on my knees.
Cause I'm always stressed out so its hard to see.
The little good left in life and what you made me.
What's wrong and crazy? Got a new attitude.
And a bit more confident, don't call it positive.
Cause the negative side in me will only abolish it.
Completely insane my mind not able to gain.
The right side of my brain does not work in tandem.
The left knows best when it takes to pain.
Cause I'm too addicted to strangling hoes to keep it random.
Until they all change, the world fucked up.
And I still don't understand the middle.
Cause they preach us peace.
Then call us the enemies.
And can't wait to capture and kill us off.
Who's really a bad guy nowadays?
It's so hard to tell so fuck everyone.
Now we're Convenient to them both.
Do we set like the moon.
In the meantime so we heat you up like a sun.
Is to take our attention to hate them.
Tried a lesser man, give a shit.
It only brings, like Bruce Banner, the rage in me awakens.
Don't stop smashin' like they Forsaken.
So mad that my hands keep shakin'.
Who the fuck are they to talk shit about us?
We're the scum of the Earth, undesirable trash.
According to the words of the upper crust.
And they wonder why in the fam we trust.
Accept who we are and let us be us.
We gon' reppin to the motha fuckas everytime we bust.
And the rest of the world can just shut the fuck up!

