About This Game Lyrics
by Swifty McVay.


Just be careful what you asking for before you pray.
You have no clue what you be headin' for; this ain't a game.
All my life, not knowing which way to go.
But I became the man I am.
From learning what I know about this game.

Game done changed.
I don't bang like I used to.
Shots ring, slugs go through you like Metamucil.
You're just a poodle in the ring with a dragon.
I spit fire; sipping kerosene.
And laughing at these Dr. Seuss rappers.
They're making me miserable.
With horrible punchlines.
And can't-connect syllables.
I was a little man.
Rippin' up niggas in elementary.
While others was playin'.
I was staring in them notebooks, praying.
And putting in order.
Taping videos on VHS recorders.
They couldn't ignore us.
I'm getting this regardless.
Bogarting, I weigh in like a Spartan.
Lyrical marksman.
Heart made of steel.
Quick to blow up like Howie Mandel.
What a deal, or no deal....
It didn't matter, I still was gonna rise.
To the top of this buildin'.
That's for real! Ha!

Tape recorders to reel the reels.
And that was great.
I graduated from 8-Dash to D-88's.
Now we in the age of the Pro Tool phase.
And everybody &amp; their mama think they got game.
They hang with niggas.
They can't tell 'em they ain't dope.
They're scared they gon' hurt their feelings, and in the same note.
Let 'em do a show- step on stage.
And when the little niggas froze.
All you'd see is tomatoes.
Imma make sure that they know.
This ain't a game, yo!
Water your passion, let it grow, then flamethrow.
When kids was outside, I decided to stay home.
Writing to get tighter.
Sold dope at night.
And then I counted my bankroll.
But never did get rich.
I ate lobster and shrimp, and copped me some new kicks.
But as far as this music, it ruled everything.
Like C.R.E.A.M did Wu-Tang.
I learned some new things!

I paid my dues twice, and I ain't lying.
That's one in the hood and the other after I signed.
Now I'm fine and steadily flyin'.
Jets that hold 12 passengers at a time.
I've traveled this whole world, but fuck Vietnam.
If I wanted to get bombed.
I'd go back home....
The neighborhood change when a nigga get on.
They looking at you strange when you don't give 'em something.
But soon as you do, it becomes a habit.
Then they askin' you every day.
You don't know these bastards.
These hood rats throwin' you pussy like Mike Jackson.
If you hadn't signed, none of this shit would've happened.
Niggas running up to you.
Rapping like Sign me!
Grimey niggas trying to come onto your dime piece.
They out they mind!
They keep bugging you; it's stress and.
Instead of learning lessons, they're painting perceptions.
They're always commanding, never understanding.
I'm hearing rumors how they wanna hold me ransom.
The hood check you and try to see if you're still real.
And take you in an after-hours, just like Proof.
They'll set you up, tryin' to murk you in a place.
They lie on you when police won't solve the case.
This is what you chased your whole life to do.
In the city where nobody gives a fuck about you!
And it's true!

