About You Lyrics
by Twisted Insane.


I used to hit the club with all the buds and always searchin' for a real bitch.
They always end up tellin' me they love me, but I really never feel shit.
I used to pull that mask up on my face and hop out homie on the ill tip.
I'm livin' everyday without a.
penny to my name and still I feel rich.
I never ask for something, I was supposed to be a nothing off of dust of.
nigga murder, murder, kill.
quick.
Highlight Murder Kills.
Fill em with the shit that make em sick, and bitch, I'm hard enough to deal with.
You fallin' like you wuss-y.
I never had no money, had to work to make it, either that or steal shit.

And I would walk up to a motherfucker put a pistol in his face and tell 'em Nigga, this a ill.
whip.
Now, homie, that's some real shit.
I wake up everyday and wonder when a nigga'll die, I know its getting close.
I know a motherfucka hella young, but these little niggas packing guns, so.
homie you don't ever know.
I could walk into the liquor store to get a 40.
Niggas slide up on me with.
the Michael Jackson moonwalk.
Now, I don't even know if he was tryna say hello or fucking tripping.

Nigga, you know how the 'shrooms talk.
Now watch how loud the room got.
Now, someone tell me why this.
bitch is  when I was dead broke.
Then why a nigga had to grow up all around the bullets and the lead smoke.
You never know when this shit's done, try to cherish every minute that you're.
left with.
You should never leave with nothing cause you're daddy and, man, you never.
even said shit.
It hurts cause you let him win, death win.

I tried, I tried, I tried.
I tried to give a fuck.
About you, oh.

Nobody ever really cared about me, i was treated like i wasn't there.
Maybe even thinking that i was nothing, just messed up in the fucking head.

Everybody told me that I would never make it with this music and to go and.
quit.
Made a couple albums, never really made a thousand before On My Shit.
But I keep the brain on sick.
Take a hit off the bong and I'm feeling like I'm.
floating on a monorail.
Tryna put some food in the stomach of my kids from the album sales.
Tryna make enough before they.
put me in the coffin and i'm.
long gone.
You never know when you will go I mean it this could really be my last song,.
sad song.

I tried, I tried, I tried.
I tried to give a fuck.
About you, oh.

Brain!
Now, I didn't choose this motherfuckin' path I'm walking.
This path chose me.
I'm just walking this motherfucker trying to find out where it lead me to.
It's lead me all around the world.
I thank you.
I thank you for taking the time out of you life to come inside of my life.
And i mean it.
That's why when I go to these.
motherfucking shows man, I be out there with the crowds.
I be out there with the fans, I be with these motherfuckers, man.
Cause I feel I am these motherfuckers, and that's real.
Ain't no difference between you and me homie.
We all the same.
They say you can't do it.
But I believe, I believe in you just like you believed in me.
That shit means so much to me homies and homettes.
Until we meet again.

