Accountable (Good Things) Lyrics
by Viva Fidel.


They starting to hold us men accountable for the things we say.
And even ya actions you are accountable.
For the things we do.
So its all up to you.
Be the reason.
Set the record straight.
Be a leader.
So you can teach them.
Before life gets in their way.

Cause good things dont always last.
Get this knowledge while the gettin is good, I know that you should.
Because good things dont always last.
And i know you need that.

Speaking in tounges and native codes.
So when they ear hustlin they might not know.
Think about ya words because they carry weight.
I don't spit about slangin' yay' cause thats not my real life.
Some men feel like they can fake it to make it.
I say get with they authentic and let go of the gimmicks.
I dont cater to no labels , be a major independent.
Power on the vocal chords , life on the mic.
Heaven on Earth , bless the new births.
They gone be what they see - turn off the tv.
Train ya mind to get ready for new beginings.
Cause all good things come with instant endings.
Choices and decisions , no excuses, boy ya betta listen!
It's up to you , now what ya gone do?
Hip Hop got center stage prime time spot light.
We break the stereotypes by gettin the ghetto right.
Destroying the confusion by building the solution.
Lacing the music with the antidote.
Some just dance others scan for quotes....
Give'em what they want let'em know what they need.

We gotta be the voice of reason.
The example for the village.
We got enough killers - we need some healers.
This is ya remedy some mental medicine.
When things get hectic and they need some settlin.
resolutionary approach to the choas.
Breaking the cycles be the answer to ya own prayers.
Protect ya name , by watching ya mouth.
Cause talking too much could f*** ish!* up!
Stay in yo lane like the riders say.
You got the right to be quite.
Or spark off a riot.
We breaking down barriers and educate automatic.
Known to cause static and get the job done.
This is peace, love and having fun.
You ain't gotta bring yo gun.
Good things don't last if we don't know how to act.
And we don't wanna hear it but it's a straight up fact.
You got a problem, admit it , fix it and forget it.
The party don't stop the beat don't quit.
This is ya ultimate gone run with it!
This is ya ultimate gone run with it! Hay!

