Acting Class Lyrics
by Quiet Desperado.

Bitches up on stage tryin to evoke emotion.
Fuck sad tissues, I'm reachin for lotion.
To Jerk off, causin' a violent commotion.
Blast it off in their faces, a one man toast and.
Making eyes eclipse, sealing off their lips.
Below this white mountain, bitches exists.
Mumbling monologues with every last breath.
Making art imitate homicidal death.
Sadistic I am, Masochistic with meth.
Heart palpitations bumping up through my chest.
Got a needle in my arm and a gun in my vest.
Massacring students, in pieces they rest.

I'm out of class in more ways than one.
Comin' out brash, blastin kids with my gun.
The dust settles fast, like Nike they run.
Gettin' nun ass, deep into religion.
911 call tryin to get a physician.
To save these kids, won't come to fruition.
Just accept your fucking fate, it's a victim's tradition.

Bitches breaking legs in a broad way.
Coroners taking snap shots of the display.
Pictures of my face on USA Today.
Parents demanding that there is hell to pay.
For these faggots I slay, Oops I mean gay.
Push the barrel to their temple and tell them to pray.
And when they close their eyes, I make red spray.
Put them in piles and let their bodies decay.

I'm a homophobic comin out of your daughter's closet.
Situation gettin' hairier than a fuckin hobbit.
This bitterness has no end, can't fuckin drop it.
Raping daddy's little girl, Screams for me to stop it.
She use to be a virgin, till I took her cherry and popped it.
Blood on my dick, this is some raw shit.
God she's so tight, I almost lost it.
Pulsating with the beat until I drop it.

Night terrors giving you a nocturnal emission.
Don't put up a fight, It makes my penis stiffen.
Stabbin sluts in the gut, Pumping like a piston.
Ducktape her mouth shut, this bitch don't listen.

Using brass knuckles for some hardcore fistin.
Stuffin' her like a Turkey, with all the fixins.
It's thanksgiving and I'm feastin'.
Giving up her locker to put my meat in.

Hide all the evidence, put her body in acid.
The smell causes impotence, Richard's going flaccid.
Havin' a bad fit, Bitch I'm going bat shit.
Crazy with a bat, the exterminator gassin'.
Sick like the plague, Ashes to ashes.
We all fall down. Not Tuck Everlastin.
How's that for a performance?
I'm sick of all this actin'.

