Addict Lyrics
by VI Seconds.


You ever been in love before 
I love, the flow 
My high, and I love the smoke. It'S like 
You ever been in love before 
I love, the flow 
My high and I love the smoke. It'S like 
You ever been in love before 
I love. The flow 
My high and I- 
 
She had the smile of an angel but vices. She had several 
Face of a goddess body of a devil, 
A way of being so she's someone. I can trust 
Potential of pure love in combination with lust 
Blinded by her elegance and eloquence. With words, 
I went through a couple stages. I never thought I would learn. 
Hearts race knees, buckle. Stutter words see double 
Hoping. When she looks at me, she don't ever see trouble 
She's killing me it's such a fatal attraction. 
 Got ta roam. She ain't coming my way, cause I'm stacking 
A case of. Is it too good to be true, 
Well fuck it I'm getting my fill while I got this with you. 
I'M a glutton, 
Thirsting and starving for your affection. 
I'D, happily be a guardian, offering your protection 
No question I'll, go the farthest for your attention, 
Armed with armor and weapons arm in arm with you, yes, 
It's, 
 
It's. The reason that I deal with your bitching 
I'm with you'till I'm laying in the street and I'm twitching 
I'm tripping. You brought a new feel to my system. 
Just! Listen when I say I think I'm addicted 
To ya to ya, to ya, to ya, to ya, to ya: 
I ain't, nothing but a druggie, 
To ya, to ya to ya 
Girl, I'm in love with my high 
 
At war, for you, 
I willingly got drafted. 
The battle is serious 
At times. I think I won't last it 
Bodies of broken-hearted, fellas, scattered or hacked to bits. 
As, I'm roaming alone to your corazón in this labyrinth, 
I hear it beating in the distance 
I also hear your exes laying beaten in the distance 
I'm bracing myself for what's coming soon, 
I've already accepted. I could leave this all with wounds 
It's worth it. 
If there's rain, then it's worth it 
If, there's change! Then it's worth it 
If, there's pain. Then it's worth it 
If. One of our gears breaks, I'll, rearrange and rework it. 
Give me a scene play stage and I'll rehearse. It 
I want this perfect. Although perfection don't exist, 
Until I'm making my exit I'll make this close as I can get 
People sending prayers and hopes cause. I show signs of an addict 
Trying to keep up with this high. It'S like I'm, holding a syringe, 
It's 
 
It's. The reason that I deal with your bitching 
I'm with you'till I'm laying in the street and I'm twitching 
I'm tripping. You brought a new feel to my system. 
Just! Listen when I say I think I'm addicted 
To ya to ya, to ya, to ya, to ya, to ya: 
I ain't; nothing but a druggie, 
To ya, to ya, to ya 
Girl, I'm in love with my high 
 
Came in through the arm and flow throughout the Veins 
Giving, a feeling, unheard of as you approach the brain 
You came in through the smoke from an L. 
And took me higher when I thought I was approaching. Hell 
There are moments when I wan na call you a bitch 
But. I chill and I bite my tongue cause, I'm really craving. My fix 
There are moments when I wan na put you down 
But. My life won't be the same. If I lack to have you around 
I'm an addict to your pleasures, I get lifted off your presence. 
Some side effects come with pain, but I refuse to learn my lesson: 
I'm a fuck up with a problem with no problem. With this shame. 
Your love enters the vein, but it's love all in the same. It'S 
 
Love
 
