Aesthetic  Beautiful Rise Prelude Lyrics
by Swoope.


So amazing, it's the real thing.
Your mercy, sweet as the sunshine.

So real, so bonafide.
So beautiful, pure, and so divine.
So authentic, so alive.
Feel oh so right, when I close my eyes.
And think about how You were supposed to kill.
Your enemy which was me but You chose to chill.
Sent Your Son Jesus Christ to close the deal.
This is what real life's supposed to feel, like.
Ah, yeah, ah, yeah, ah.
This is what real life's supposed to feel, like.

Take a breath of that freshness.
Grace, exhale, inhale.
Nothing less than that fresh gift.
Saved, I should've been in hell.
In jail, in grave.
But I've been sealed with the Spirit, engraved.
Grace running through me but it ain't in vein.
I'm feeling like I'm insane in the membrane.
Crazy grace, covered.
Gravy grace, smothered.
It's no other, that's full of rain like a gutter.
That died and suffered, and feel the pain and still comforts.
The stars of the autumn, that's the hearts of the fallen.
Yeah our hearts was the problem.
But Your cross was the answer like Iverson ballin'.
The Lord chose us, the Lord shows us His love.
With Christ facing our fate and taking our place like foreclosures.
It's gotta be love, the Lord showed up.
With that balcony love to watch over us.
I needed You to save myself, it was urgent.
Cuz see I couldn't save myself, like a virgin.
But now my past is past like Earvin.
Magic, Merlin,.
Your grace is classic, Gershwin.

This one goes out to my homie Do Dirt.
Got that news 'bout that wreck, I was too hurt.
My prayer wasn't thankful that it wasn't me.
But grateful for grace that your fate wasn't Sully G's.
Homie hopped in the whip seat.
With the liquor in his kidneys, feeling kinda tipsy.
Got his face banged on the wheel.
So much blood that he thought he got banged by the steel.
Car wrapped around the pole.
But the Lord had His arms wrapped around his soul.

This one goes out to my mother.
Hated to see you like that even though I love ya.
Felt like you hit a hammer to my chest.
When you told me it was cancer in your breast.
But you took it like a G though.
Doctor's constantly taking your blood like mosquito, for chemo.
Pill after pill, no placebo.
Pain from 1 to 10 was a 3-0.
Hair short as DeVito, and ego, bald.
I'll show you what grace'll do.
The Lord gave you just enough strength to make it through.
We outchea though your head ain't got the latest do.
Without hair, girl, cancer couldn't phase you.

This one goes out, to my wife and child.
Just one cuz at the time 'phia wasn't 'round.
For the Lord's grace, the night we was duckin' down.
Duckin' rounds, from that busted sound.
Ra, ra, bullets from a 22.
Cuz some youngin' pulled his gun to shoot.
We got one in the house, two through the window pane.
But three in one was in the house we ain't feel no pain.

