Afghanistan Lyrics
by Yung Lean.


Yung Leandoer 
Shawty, you know what it do: 
2015 MIA 
Skurtttt, 
 
Cause. I keep that kush up on me. Keep that kush up on me 
Cause. I keep that kush up on me, kush from Afghanistan 
Keep that kush up on me keep that kush up on me. 
Cause I keep that kush up on me, kush from Afghanistan, 
 
Cause. I keep that kush from Afghanistan and I smoke that OG 
I'm fucked. I roll posted up in the cold 
I'm a cannon I'mma blow 30 genes, I'm a bodyguard 
I'll, take ya to the cold. Yeah I'mma take ya to the cold 
 
Cause. I keep that kush up on me. Keep that kush up on me 
Cause. I keep that kush up on me, kush from Afghanistan 
Keep that kush up on me keep that kush up on me 
Cause. I keep that kush up on me. Kush from Afghanistan, 
, 
Get, glass, interior yeah. I broke the barrier. 
I! Don'T want that shawty yeah! You should go and marry her 
I'm on my cellular. We rollin' Jheri curls 
Yeah, I'm elegant for the hell of it. 
Roll that shit water it like fish and sell that shit 
12: a bag 12, a bitch acne jeans, I'm on my shit, 
Sewer cup. Double up James
Bond hit her up 
Hit'em up fuck, my guts, I'm in it for the fuckin' lunch 
Captain Crunch, blowin' bubble, gum, pitbull, jaws on the hunt 
Mind off in maniac money on my mind, 
Had to leave that place, couldn't take it at the time 
Now. I'M on my fuckin' grind yeah, I'm on my fuckin' grind: 
 
Cause. I keep that kush up on me. Keep that kush up on me 
Cause! Keep that kush up on me, kush from Afghanistan 
Keep that kush up on me keep that kush up on me 
Cause. I keep that kush up on me kush from Afghanistan 
Cause. I keep that kush up on me. Keep that kush up on me 
Cause. I keep that kush up on me, kush from Afghanistan 
Keep that kush up on me keep that kush up on me 
Cause. I keep that kush up on me, kush from Afghanistan, 
 
I'm fucked. I roll posted up in the cold 
See, I'm fucked, I roll kush from Afghanistan 
Fucked I roll posted up in the cold 
See, I'm fucked. I roll kush from Afghanistan
 
