After The Show Lyrics
by Wordsworth.


Wordsworth Wordsworth AKA Words 
Yo from Words, N Punchline, Punchline N Words, 
What y'all, wan na hear Ya, sounding absurd 
But check it yo 
I'm here to inform and entertain 
Wordsworth AKA Words, Vinson Johnson Jamel, 
Clyde's Projects, music to model job outlets, 
Countless endorsements and other deals in The process 
 women, topless 
, like women with they panties crotchless 
Many options distributing disputing 
Rookies, confusing Lyricist Lounge with some nuisance. 
Producers provide beats for open, mics 
Line up sign up, but I hate when cats don't stop when their time's up 
Jump from cipher to cipher. Before performances 

It's unfortunate, I ciphered in the bathroom 
Apologizes to chicks at the bar that I told that I'd be back soon. 
So. Let me be host 
Whatever. I wrote I display 
I hopes to get put on and come back and host it. One day, 
My request for the guest list: 
Astound the crowd with freestyle exhibitions, 
During intermissions segments, 
Legends, Kwest, Eminem, 
Craig G Juice and Words, 
Punchline Master, Foul Thirstin', Howl III, 
Rap Coalition 
Y'all know us 
We them same cats that frightened you in front of your friends. While you tried
to hold your piss in 
They're, collage you're, one dimensional 
No one mentions you: what's your name meant to you 
Preventing you from interviews 
Had your time and it's shame that it expired 
Call with the right price. I might let you put your name on the fliers. 
Put your name on the fliers, 
Put your name on the fliers, 
 
Yo. Let me get some, let me get some. Let me get some 
S.O.S., never lack things. We got this rap thing to a science 
Your rhyme's petite mine shop at Lane, Bryant 
Defiant enemies switch and wish an alliance 
Beat us or join us. Try, never triumph 
Flows, eliminate foes and those that doubt 
But. If I ever meet my match, I'll burn'em put him out: 
Steady killing'em 
Invisible rappers, I'm steady, grilling'em, 
To Rise, rappers strive to be the homonym or synonym 
Outrageous 
Demanding respect getting praises. 
I'M, sick rappers. Try to touch me thinking, I'm contagious 
Stay boasting going through MC's like emotions, 
Might roast him devour wack raps subtract the quotient 
In front of the flock, but some of the top 
Couldn't fill my shoes with they rhymes 
Stuffed in front of they socks 
 bust you With the lead, that's in my pencil, 

A raw tongue, like a sore thumb, 
My style stands out. My pen's an arsonist 
It lit some paper. Then it ran out 
 
Alert. The masses 
Players is getting drafted, 
For. Those that oppose I give'em a closed casket 
My thoughts is graphic, 
No matter who ya dissing 
I die for my niggas, like Jesus crucifixion 
You're, contradicting 
Fell under the submission 
My shit, sound great on bad tapes with the hissing 
The plot, thickens 
In, any altercation. I take out two like double dating 
Your whole squad's player, hating 
I, compete play for keeps 
I, got weed smokers turning over a new leaf, 
I pop shit and roll one deep, with no heat to show ya. 
I drop hot shit, rock mic's with potholders 
Rap career's. Over how dare you oppose this 
When? I die. Bury me with a tape of my own shit. 
I hold the dice diss me and pay. The price 
I make a klepto wan na take his own life, 
Style, precise, 
The, rap game. I'M pimping, it 
Kicking it 
Yo. Take it in vein/vain, like insulin, 
Simple shit, 
 
Don't, try to follow what you can't swallow 
I'm sorta, what you call a mic-tologist 
Getting phenomenal from the abdominal 
Breathing the words of a scientist, 
It's Jedi with mind tricks, 
I, aim and hit to split. I strip developers swelling melons with 
Intelligence 
Some, sharp kids with sharp minds. We go against 

My verbal cartridge to bring the conscious to concerts, 
And cultures say call your entourages 
Or they can put in basements and garages or houses. 
The odds is none against my squadron 
We. Looking harmless but alarming 
A red alert to get you hurt and put you in crutches 
And leave you armless 
Legless fuck. This headless 
You've just been a chosen contestant 
For. This one sentence to get into your intestine 
And make your quick exit for entrance 
For. The next kid who test this 
We restless and reckless 
In less a second you're S.O.S.ing 
And begging for God to be at your presence, 
Seeing. The essence 
 
I came to make a change in this world 
Society's living wicked 
Stop the cops after they run lights, giving pigs a ticket 
Lyrics. My fitness 
I know it all so bare witness ready to flip this 
Putting palm readers, outta business 
Watch. My words get heard: MC's break south 
 cause yo. I love to take out 
In hot pursuit for the loot. Guess I'm crazy for checks. 
I even got prostitutes that wan na pay me for sex 
So. Forget the candlelight. I'D rather handle mics 
I make wack MC's hit the wall quicker than when a vandal strikes. 
I'Ll battle me drunk or soberly 
You wan na fight over me, 
Representing, like this y'all, better grab your rosary, 
I flex, complex y'all, gon', confuse heads, 
Who think they running shit up in here they'bout to lose legs. 
So. Pardon me y'all 
Give me, the mic and all of y'all stall 
I went from new Rican Apollo to Carnegie Hall. 
Kicking rah rah shit cause most niggas is ignorant. 
You try to diss us cause. I look good plus the shade of my pigment. 
They call me Sigmund Fraud, 
With thoughts. You can't avoid 
Putting wack wack MC's back in the ground. Leaving'Em unemployeed 
To bring your rhyme out. 
Niggas know they call time out 
It's the best play and niggas know they find out. 
 
You said niggas find out. 
Yo rappers are on the bench with they coach, calling time outs. 
Let me get this rhyme out 
One time. My name is Words, 
I hope, ya heard it before 
I got mad rhymes. I met a four/metaphor 
In other words. She wasn't a dime 
That's. How I do when I kick an ill rhyme 
See, this ain't, something I ain't, write down, 
It's, coming right off the mind: 
Or, the top of the dome
 
