Against All Adz Lyrics
by Wordsplayed.


Downtown, take a dance with Diablo.
Hell's Kitchen for the last supper.
Lord knows that's a hot summer.
I seen it all went loco, I seen it all.
Uh, fleek.
The game went 2Chainz, squad went Django.
Now I'm like Pacman, that's where the ghost go.
Cube in the '64, Lord knows I been low.
Uh, I been low boy.
My momma prayin' for the weak, oh joy.
They had the whole house packed like a Farrakhan rally.
Shows up in NY, woke up in Cali.

I never thought we'd find our way out here.
Everything we dreamed of became real.
Say a prayer cause I could die tonight.
Either way it all will be alright.

Call the squad, where they at?
This could be the only chance that I get.
Say a prayer, don't forget.
I could blow the only chance that I get.
Man, I got a letter from the gods.
Yeah, it said I couldn't beat the odds.
I got a letter from the Son.
Man, told me walk with the stars.

Last year I ain't know if I rapped still.
This year, got to see how the charts feel.
Oh Lord, anything's possible.
But now these all-nighters aren't optional.
I'm feelin' like Hakeem in his first year.
Better keep the dream shake for my nightmare.
Show 'em what the work is, better get some merch kid.

Man, I was hype for my first show.
I was trying not to show it.
Taylor told me I could blow up.
Girl, I'm just trying not to blow it.
And now I only want the squad with me.
They could come through, I'ma buy the Martinelli.
I hope the Wild Wild West gon' ride with me.
I'm talkin' thug life tats on the black belly.
I'm talkin' all-white airs, that's my city.
And if I ever fall back please come get me.
So Josh, Rich, Rey, Alex, Dave.
Call me to repent if I ever go astray.
If the money ever get in the way don't be surprised.
You put your hope in the weakest of guys.
Yeah, I ain't worried 'bout the ends.
I'm just lookin' for the odds.
Where they at boy?

I never thought we'd find our way out here.
Everything we dreamed of became real.
Say a prayer cause I could die tonight.
Either way it all will be alright.

Call the squad, where they at?
This could be the only chance that I get.
Say a prayer, don't forget.
I could blow the only chance that I get.
Man, I got a letter from the gods.
Yeah, it said I couldn't beat the odds.
I got a letter from the Son.
Man, told me walk with the stars.

