Ain't no stoppin' me Lyrics
by Zio zane.


Uh nobody gon' stop us Majestic man.
Rock Chando Zane homie heart of lost Angels.
Told em already yeah leggo.

On my way to glory ain't no stoppin' me.
On my way to the finest ain't stoppin' me.
I've got niggas on my case but ain't no stoppin' me.
See me droppin' all the vibes always count on me.

Ain't it funny how we sin to make money.
If I die on my grind get the money pray for me.
If I die on my grind would you pay for my sins.
I'm out to be like Bill Gates.
So when I die I can knock on GOD'S gate.
Don't you hate cause a nigga never make it late.
I should be eatin' papers my tummy should be bigger.
I hope my homies still praying for me.
Fucking like on another planet somebody tell em bitch I'm zonin'.
All my niggas different they ain't even got a plan to the fame.
Life is who we blame ''ýes we can'' wait for the 'weak and'.
Im tryna blow like hurricane so stop me if you can.
Now you know the first impression the beat and the bullet.
You've been talkin for too weak's you ain't even got a wallet.
Being broke in the hood was never something new.
Rhyming 'bout life is all we knew waiting on the queue.
To make it out the hood time to knock on wood nigga.

On my way to glory ain't no stoppin' me.
On my way to the finest ain't stoppin' me.
I've got niggas on my case but ain't no stoppin' me.
See me droppin' all the vibes always count on me.

When it's all about the music most of ya'll go blind.
My music deeper than your pussy I'm the nigga with the pipeline.
Fuck lies still with my crew my nigga fuck fuck the deadline.
Ballin' from my grind and I still got my first dime.
This the last time you gay niggas see me.
So What Fuckin' Bitches Majestic is an army.
Call me JIMI keep your head up fuck with me tsunami.
My crib is a WINEHOUSE we pass away like AMY.
Haters drown in my flow man that shit is wavy.
I dive in the holy water that shit is crazy.
You niggas mean to tell me''fuck you you ain't a MC''.
Got my glasses on all I see is shit sinking in the sea.
I set my doggs free they eat bones GUY.
Sorry no mercy watch em niggas get killed.
We broke billionaires got it motherfucker?
Chando Mac AG YC Zane motherfucker ahh!

On my way to glory ain't no stoppin' me.
On my way to the finest ain't stoppin' me.
I've got niggas on my case but ain't no stoppin' me.
See me droppin' all the vibes always count on me.

Always count on me always count on me.
Always count on me be the one for Majestic League.
Always count on me always count on me.
Always count on me be the one for Majestic League.

