Ain't on Nuttin' (Krept Remix) Lyrics
by Yungen.


Yeah, you say you're all this, and all that.
But you ain't all that.
Said she take it from the back, man, that was all chat.
Yeah, she ain't on that.
My nigga, how you mean?
Nah, they ain't on nuttin', nah, they ain't on nuttin'.
My nigga, how you mean?
Nah, they ain't on nuttin', nah, they ain't on nuttin'.

You see tonight, we're getting cake, hip hooray.
Balled out till there's nuttin' left to pay.
If one of my dargs brings the mac on in.
Have your soul goin' up on a Tuesday.
Ask the Heath 'bout pistol paws g.
My gonns got pepper, try assault me.
Talk black call that Stormzy.

Fuck your gal and she don't even like plaits.
Cah I'm gettin' dough, I'm who the gal wan' trap.
She want my DNA, I dunno about that.
DNA. Dunno about that.
Show in Neverland, smoking polish.
Flex with my chain in Dam, call that Jules Holland.
I got a few tings 'round Clapham.
Guess we got a few tings in Common.
Golden Boy, muj got a block in.
So much weight, feds tryna spot 'im.
Fuck your stack, spend it on shoppin'.
Now I'm tryna find a location I can put a shop in.
I'm sick of you dead rappers, I'll murder 'em.
I'm fucking fed up, Ferguson.
Riots nigga, my squad's shining nigga.
'Bout fifty niggas hitting notes that's a choir nigga.
Old school Krept talent, quite psychotic.
Teacher said I failed to be quite honest.
Now I'm probably her highest paid pupil.
How ironic!
Couple niggas go broke, where ya gwop g?
You stop ballin'? You ain't Henry.
Top of this rap ting, somebody stop me.
Got her on her knees, giving brain, she's cockney.
UK's finest, no buts, no iftcha.
Rap? Man wins that. Grime, we can spin that.
Features, killed that. Acoustics, ripped that.
R 'n' B, pop tunes, I'll spin a fucking rock tune.
Club tunes massive, freestyle's classics.
Bare rappers only good at one thing, that's it.
Raves, festival, TV, rep them all.
Boy better know about you rappers? I'm sceptical.
Lyrics like bullets, pull the gun on ya.
Ghost from a slug, now that's what I call a bugaboo.
Untouchable, watch the greatest do it.
Tryna get M's g, like Maybach Music.

