Ain't I (Remix) Lyrics
by Yung La.


You got to know the boy futuristic ain't it 
My work can make the J's do the jumpman can't it 
You got to know this. The remix right here, 
Grand Hustle baby, it's the kings
right here 
You got to know we gwoppin 
pockets extra, sloppy 
Don't. I love my vegetables, extra cheese and broccoli, 
Don't Yung la like to kick it like karate 
Don't, I be with J-Money serving everybody 
Ain't we up in Magic City, throwing up the profit, 
Ain't me and Tip taking off like a rocket 
Ain't. My ain't, my ain't. My ain't, my ain't, my money, long 
Ain't, I ain't! I ain't ain't I still putting on 
 
Ain't, I 
Ain't. I smoking strong ain't, I putting on ain't. I rocking yays ain't, my
money long 
Ain't, I 
Ain't I' in the'ville ain't. I on
the hill ain't. I on the pill, ain't, I keep it real 
 
Ok, my rims, so big, I'm at the tip top ain't I 
Choppers in the trunk will make you do the maccerena 
Polo to the floor. Yea mother
fucker ain't I 
All black coupe. I can buy it bitch can't. I 
Remix Yung La and T.I this a banga 
Dro be on that thang. You don't hear me trick ain't. I 
Big Rolls Royces and I got them. Nauseous 
We be in Ferrari's the cars with the horses 
Ain't. I on the pill riding down Dill 
Iced 30 below minus the wind chill 
Ain't. I packing chrome ain't. I going strong 
Ain't, I ain't. I ain't! I ain't! I got it going on 
Young Drooooooooo, 
, 
Ralph, Lauren, purple label 
Ain't, I fresh as I can be 
Made. It through my situation, ain't I blessed as I can be 
Ain't I laughing at you haters, trying to take a shot at me. 
They, don't know which way to go I'll. Make it easy. Follow me 
Honestly ain't. I insane that's the way it's got, ta be 
Ain't. I so so superfly boy ain't, nobody hot as me: 
Ain't T.I. all on tv when he wake up and go to sleep 
Everywhere, the notice me and for yourself just go and see 
My community I'm serving though they hope. I don't succeed. 
Hear me speaking so intrigued. No indeed, 
You come with that common flow. 
Your show I have to commandeer 
Since. I see you can't take over I'll just have to volunteer 
Ain't. I your superior, listen here bra you not a peer 
I'm, so Zone 1 that it ain't funny 
twice. The G that I appear - 
Rep Bankhead so loud and clear, 
Gon, be gone for bout a year. 
So Paper Trail. You got ta, hear 
But ain't that Ain't I outta here: ayy 
, 
