Ain't On Nuttin' Lyrics
by Yungen.


You see tonight, I'm on a one-night stand.
Big anaconda in my pants.
I know her and I know she got a man.
Man a take a man's gyal and bang, bang, bang.
Oh shit, niggas ain't really on nuttin'.
When they see me, man, they don't say nuttin'.
Hella vex, no talk, no.
discussion.
Back it out, clap it out, make him start body poppin'.
I'm bussin', told my nigga Kizzle why I love him.
See the police, I dodge em.
Big back Russian, tell a little nigga get it poppin'.
Little niggas really tryna off em, bitch, I ain't been signed.
But I'm getting shows every night.
Bricky boy booked in Dubai, I've been up all night.
Rich, that's how I'm gonna die.
I ain't tryna die like you broke guys.
Fuck them all, please get rid of them all.
Pull up in the whip, don't stall.
Private call? Fuck that private call.
If I don't answer to that no more.
I'll be in the X6 with my wet.
chick, she the bestest.
Hitting fuckrie bruddas, see me on the guest list.
Pretty little thing, nothing like Alexis.
But she's my man's gyal so I had to sex it.

Yeah, you say you're on this, and on that.
But you ain't on nuttin'.
Said she take it from the back, man, that was all chat.
Yeah, she ain't on nuttin'.
_My nigga, how you mean?_.
Nah, they ain't on nuttin', nah, they ain't on nuttin'.
_My nigga, how you mean?_.
Nah, they ain't on nuttin', nah, they ain't on nuttin'.

You see tonight, man's on that old school shit.
Circle round in an old school whip.
No venting, like this cannon's gotta clip.
You better run, get your olders if man's on your strip.
No games, you're just a prick.
Your kid's broke, how you talking 'bout sticks?
You know nuttin', how you talking 'bout snitch?
I've been about from Bloodset days, ask Grips, like.
Who's real? Man's real.
'05, man was out in the field.
Grown up now, I pay my mum's bills.
You fake trap stars don't give your mum a penny, man, chill chill chill.
Talking 'bout you runs this strip.
Like this lighty didn't fuck his bitch.
Met her in July, flew her out in August.
She gonna tell you that she loved this shit.
Whipping chains like a nigga been Django.
Cutting through, I see Wilf in.
the Lambo.
I used to link Ruby, I think her man know.
Try letting Ruby con me and watch her man go.
Don't say a word, pussy, you're a nerd.
My boy 'Toine's home but still tryna dodge the bird.
New Benz coming and it's gonna be my third, man.
And I ain't even seen my 23rd.

Yeah, you say you're on this, and on that.
But you ain't on nuttin'.
Said she take it from the back, man, that was all chat.
Yeah, she ain't on nuttin'.
_My nigga, how you mean?_.
Nah, they ain't on nuttin', nah, they ain't on nuttin'.
_My nigga, how you mean?_.
Nah, they ain't on nuttin', nah, they ain't on nuttin'.

