All Over Your Face Lyrics
by 4ize.

Skeet skeet skeet. 
 
I wan na skeet, skeet skeet skeet skeet, all over your face, 
Every day., 
 
She say she like the way her pussy juice, taste. 
She, say she like when I come all over her face. 
 
I wan na skeet, skeet, skeet, skeet skeet. All over your face: 
Every day., 
 
You ain't got ta whisper, 
It ain't, no secret 
She, a freak dog 
She. Like my fanny, my Chevy, my spaghetti and meatballs 
She into slurpin' 
But. She better call the national wildlife cuz. I got a serpent. 
 
Now. She got an ass, that's outta, this world 
She's a gorgeous beautiful girl, 
And, so is Tammy 
She. Let me get up in them. Panties 
She, like the way that I roll the dick, but she can't stand me 
 Wan na, be my Weezy 
I, like her better. As my skeezy 
Fo' sheezy, the pimpin' is greasy, but it ain't easy 
Now. Take your breezy 
I turned her innocence to sleazy, make you sick and queasy. 
I left some gooey in her cheesy. 
 
And. I didn't need now powder pack, no platinum pill, or none of that 
Just sit back like a quarterback put a pound in her thundercat 
Nick nack gave her picture phone and that was that 
Tea-bagged her with my sack, then I climaxed 
 
She, say she like the Way her pussy juice, taste, 
She, say she like when I come all over her face. 
 
I wan na skeet skeet skeet skeet skeet, all over your face, 
Every day., 
, 
Bad girl, bad girl, whatchu gon na do 
Whatchu gon na do. When I come on. You 
 
I'm the sausage king of Chi-Town, big meat, 
And, my dick's big cuz. I got some really big feet: 
My skeet, so sweet that it's good enough to eat. 
When. I come in your house on Halloween trick-or-treat 
Kick, a beat Montana. You done done it again. 
I tag team with Marc Decoca, let him nut on her chin, 
4-eezy, just wan na know is she lovers or friends: 
With errybody, suckin' and fuckin'. A couple of men 
I run a chickachickachickachickachickachickachickachicka train on these hoes 
I drive on bitches and change lanes on these hoes 
Gettin' brain. I suppose 
The fame and the shows got me bustin'. The baby juice puttin' stains on they
clothes, 
 
She, say she like the way her pussy juice, taste. 
She, say she like when I come all over her face. 
 
I wan na skeet, skeet skeet skeet skeet, all over your face, 
Every day., 
 
