All The Rest Lyrics
by Twiztid.

Monoxide Child.
This is for all the women in the world who think that men don't burn.
That when it comes to heart break...it is never our turn.
And it don't matter who or what is to blame.
Cause the first week after a break up...alone...always feels the same.

Jamie Madrox.
And she said....
I don't ever wanna sleep again.
I'm alone in the world, and I could use a friend.
Could you be that friend, or would you be like all the rest?
Then I said....
Babygirl, I'm only half the man that you think that I am.
And I would understand, if you bit off more then you could chew.
Like all the rest..

I must admit, I was afraid, I was insane.
I could not picture me doin' this again.
But she promised me she'd never leave me like all the rest....

Monoxide Child.
She use to threaten me, and say she's gonna leave.
And then maybe, I would see how hurtful love could be.
When a heart is left broken in half and empty.
And then life becomes as sad as the in songs our CD.
And all she ever wanted was for me to come home.
Alone, without the burden of her tellin' me so.
On the phone that I don't answer cause I know what she wants.
And I'm buzzed, so at the time, I just don't give a fuck.
I'm on my way home now, waitin' for fights to ensue.
Anticipatin' and imitatin' everything that you do.
And as wrong as I may be, I won't admit it to you.
Cause you're just a bunch of talk, and you'll never go through.
With anything that you say, so I stay out all night.
'Til the bartender say that he's turnin' off all the lights.
And then maybe, on my way hope I realize, but I never do.
Cause drama is what you're stickin' to, and baby, I'm your crazy glue.

I appreciate your honesty.
And the fact that you're bloody doesn't bother me.
It's just a way to separate only you from all the rest....

Jamie Madrox.
Normal people call me abnormal because I'm pissed.
She smiled and she chuckled, and blew me a lil' kiss.
Musta got lost in the Jose Quevo with Lemon twist.
Or the sounds of bodies slappin', grindin' to club hits.
Can we go somewhere and talk about ya sexy little face?
I mean, I know it's twenty-ten, and you gave me the MySpace.
On the cocktail napkin from under ya mixed drink.
But I wanna pick ya mind and see how ya really think.
Put ya up inside a dunk tank and see if ya sink.
Lay ya on the bed, and spread your legs, and play wit' ya pink.
I mean, I'm trippin' if you're mad, and I'm serious if ya down.
See, ya smilin' again, c'mon, let's have another round.

I must admit, I was afraid, I was insane.
I could not picture me doin' this again.
I promise you....
I must admit, I was afraid, I was insane.
I could not picture me doin' this again.
But she promised me she'd never leave me like all the rest....
I must admit, I was afraid, I was insane.
I could not picture me doin' this again.
I promise you....

