All Fall Down Lyrics
by Z-Ro.

Z-Ro 
It's, like tears, doesn't matter to you. It'S like you laughed at my pain, 
Put me in a position to pick up a pistol and I'll blast in the game. 
I'M going crazy, being murdered by the hands of cancer. 
Auntie asked if I wanted to die but couldn't understand my answer: 
See, it's fucked up when you love and they don't love you in return 
Fuck around and wait till you get on your feet and slug you till it burn 
Niggas and flies yeah they over rise, But I hide in the dark 
Cause where the fuck was these niggas at when I resided in parks 
Bitch, I slept on the bench ten feet away from the PUD proof fence 
But at least I ain't have to pay no rent, 
I'm thinking of espree, damn near Positive that you regret me 
But, I pray to God. You'Ll! Never forget me, remember me 
I represented for the both of us. How could you love me 
And, not trust me somewhere hated now, there's no more us plus 
Sammy Lee. It was a tragedy. Your boo was found dead 
Here's, my shoulder for you, my nigga rest, your head, 
 
This, is where they all fall down. 
Putting burners to they brain till it, bang 
There's no way for the real to maintain 
This is where they all fall down. 
Pay your dues cause. You owe 
When it's your time. God'Ll give you the go. 
 
Den Den 
I sit back and put my thoughts on paper and rhymes 
Tripping on the situations that I'm facing in life 
All this shifeness around me, but I still prevail. 
Get caught some shit we done together and I'm making your bail 
Cut your tail. While you fall down homie 
Plus, I'm in the kitchen cooking, so your family won't come hold me 
Fuck that phony shit that these fake niggas on 
I get that pony bitch. Then I get that hustle on 
Staying strong, like ammonia, as I bleed the block 
Leaving that bitch swollen up, like I beat the cot 
Going rock for rock breaking down every zone 
95 Hundred Woodfair, where these
niggas be strong, 
Staying alone to my own, with my baby and Wife 
Plus I'm keeping the Beretta nine cause, I'm guarding my life 
Ain't no slipping in my game, doing a dance to make it rain. 
Put a pistol to your head and ease your pain. 
 
Z-Ro 
I feel like I invented pain, might go any minute. Mayn 
Starting a bit of robbery, homicide and lean on. They vest in attempt to get
the pain, 
Constant strain. Here we go again another day in the life 
If I'm blessed. Can I just get one successful day in my life? 
My life is the prime example of a good nigga gon wrong 
And. I trust no one plus I'm not friendly, so leave me alone. 
See, I don't need a click of yes men when I walk the block. 
My retaliation is only when I chop the block. 
I stay in a sweet leaf. Each time I meditate on how to live 
Nothing but negative everywhere. I turn ain't. No more positive, 
Nothing, but drama cause drama makes the world go round. 
But pretty soon it'll make the world go down. 
Just get a weapon of situation. If you starving, then you hungry right now, 
I can't wait a whole pay period. I need money right now, 
So when I bleed the block, I'm not gon bleed a lot just enough to keep 
The bills paid and enough to keep some fiddles in a pot 
 
