All Of The Above Lyrics
by Twiztid.


We loved him as a brother, as a father, and as a son. From his parents and.
from his older brothers and sisters he received an inspiration which he passed.
on to all of us. He gave us strength in time of trouble, wisdom in time of.
uncertainty, and sharing in time of happiness. He will always be by our.
side....

Sometimes, when they visit, I wonder, Can they hear me?
I'm scratching at the box and screaming out quite clearly.
I'm so lonely, my one and only probably took another.
That means new daddy and same mother for my babies, before they grown ladies.
I hope they remember me when they old ladies with their own babies.
Carry my memory until it fades away.
My mother came to visit me yesterday on my birthday.
She laid a single rose on my head stone and said.
It ain't been easy trying to get along since you've passed on.
I hear it momma, it's been real turmoil.
I've been scratching all month, trying to hit top soil.
I've been working real hard, but my body feels weak.
Well I can't die, I'm just too awake to fall asleep.
Tell 'em all that I miss them and send it with all my love.
Sincerely from the underground, to all of the above.

Shed tears for me.
How long.
They've been praying for me.
Also, I'm sending love to all of the above.

I gotta whisper to me, we're all alone in a place.
I'm underground and I'm surrounded by grace.
And all the faith in my existence, see.
Lives on and the face of my seed.
And I can see it when he visits me.
But I'm a father of the ground now.
Family to the earth and I'm sorry that I'm gone now.
Kiss your mother on the cheek.
And tell her I understand why she still don't speak.
Even though I'm in this coffin I get haunted by the streets.
And the sounds of bloody murder roam the night that I freaked out.
Now its peace out cause I pulled the piece out.
Put it in my mouth and blew my motherfucking teeth out.
I reached out but nobody reached back.
And no, it's not an excuse, but it's the reason that I'm trapped.
And everything is black and hard to breathe.
Exactly like the life that I was trying to leave.

You know I hate to see a grown man cry.
Sometimes my homies stop by.
They're smoking joints to get me high in spirit.
If they could only know that I hear it.
When they cough, hear em when they talk.
And scream for them to stay every time they get ready to take off.
Peace ya'll, bring a shovel next time.
Cause it's cold down here and this dirt is a thick line.
Between life and death, it appears I have nothing left.
But the person never forgets just like a ghost in transit.

I watch 'em move like bandits when they rob my corpse.
And then they left me on the porch as a prep for the divorce.
And now I'm back in a black bag on a gurney at the morgue.
On a flat slab, hoping the journey will bring me home, isn't that sad?
Then I won't say no more.
And let you think about me every time you hear this flow.
They put me back in my coffin and they lowered me down.
And ever since then, it seems like nobody'll come around.

