All I Do Lyrics
by VonBock.


All I do is, All I do is rhyme.
All I do is get this money, All I do is grind.
Face shows and chill with hunnies, All I do is shine.
Tour the world ain't it funny, I'm one of a kind.

Chip off the old block but got something new.
Papa never understood what my mind could do.
And momma never ever had the time to patient.
If the glove fits the crime, then why the fuck am I waiting?

I'm facing trial, and I'm really getting anxious.
I'm in denial, back and forth I'm always pacing.
But time is wasted, so I gotta get that money.
Cuz it's funny when your pockets empty people think your ugly, uh.

Unless your going hard, then people often dig it.
But if yo ass ain't got it, then I better see you sittin'.
This ain't a hobby, no, I really fucking live it.
Even if I never make it, to the end, I'm gonna spit it.

You best believe it, I'm 10 toes in it.
And the song ain't even over, I suggest you never skip it.
But if you just don't feel it, go ahead and put your sass in.
But that really just don't phase me, I impervious to disses.

It truly doesn't matter coz I think I lost my hearing.
My visions getting blurry so I'm tight with all these women.
And women's such a touchy subject that I'd rather feel.
My girl will probably kill me but I gotta keep it real.

I'm a man, I do what I can.
I try to keep my sanity from getting out of hand.
But times are getting hard, so I'm stressing with no plan.
I'm tryna keep my family from living in a van sooooo....

I'm one of a kind, one, well at least that's what I tell myself.
Doing shows and the studio there's nothing else.
Better, trendsetter, but I remember.
When no one gave me the time of the day, now I infect ya.

Two hands in the air, when the lights on, I feel the crowd shout back because.
the respect the real.
All I do is grind, I'm in the lab all day.
Old friends calling my phone telling me I've turned fake.

So I've been busy, butcha boy tryna blow.
When I got the fame and success, it's all our dough.
Puzzle pieces, but it'll make sense soon.
But for now, I'm just a fake ass goon.

See, I talk for my people, life in the rhyme.
Explaining my absence, progressing over time.
They say when hoes around, it slows you down.
Couldn't agree, more I need a queen for the town.

It's tough when everyone's tryna hold a gavel.

I'm building a movement, fuck the Billboards.
Even if I'm at the top, I'll still ride my skateboard.

Down to earth, with a pound a purp.
Riding through the west call me, Wyatter.
California coozy sessions, chickens in arresting.
Pull my shorts down, do biz, no exceptions.

