All I Ever Wanted Lyrics
by Twiztid.


All I ever wanted was, I don't want a lot.
All I ever wanted was a shot that I never got.
All I ever needed, no one ever cared.
All I ever wanted was, someone take me outta here.

All I ever wanted was for me to be a myth.
Hidden from the land of the bliss.
I'm constantly dissed and pissed off.
My mind frame's shackled to the floor.
And I can't move even a little.
All I ever wanted was a noose to hang from.
And then I'll show all of you bitches, where I came from.
The Carnival is comin', you can see it in my eyes.
Screamin' at the top of my lungs, I wanna die!
You couldn't see it wit' ya glasses on.
Without a witness, doin' dirt all by my lonely and then I'm gone.
All I ever wanted was to flip the script.
You pull the gat on me, and I'mma break both your arms, bitch.
Eastside represented by the killas.
Drug dealers,.
And I don't give a fuck about you bitches spreadin' hate.
Cause most of you hoes'll be dead in 28.

Shaggy 2 Dope.
All I ever wanted, lemme kick back and reminisce.
Only a few things I can think of on my list.
A new meat cleaver wit' an edge like a razor.
And a windpipe connected to a hater.
It's all I ever wanted, I ain't askin' for much.
A handle with an axe at the end of my clutch.
And then swing it down with all that I got.
Into the ground and grip the ? hot, chop!
Hatchet riders andjuggalos come wit' us.
We gonna blow the other side the fuck up.
Douse a bitch wit' gas and fling the matches.
I got somethin' for all they asses.
Listen to 'em all, pleadin' for they life.
Talkin' 'bout they were wrong and always knew we were right.
Light the Mol-E-Tov, Aaaah!, BOW!
All we ever wanted starts happenin' now!

All I ever wanted was a chance to shine.
I wasn't askin for much I just wanted mine.
I don't even have a clue what went wrong.
I just knew I wouldn't let the shit slide for long.
Tell me somethin who the fuck you laughin at.
What the fuck you thinkin don't you see this bat?
Tell me what the hell is stoppin me from crackin your dome.
From smackin your dome till it ooze like foam?
All I ever wanted was an eye for an eye.
I'mma taste your soul when I swallow it live.
Turn around wasn't lookin diggin in your locker.
As soon as you Looked up whack that's when I gotcha.
Crack smack it rack it again.
Kept thumpin and skull til it finally caved in.
It looked like spaghetti in a broken bowl.
I guess I lost control it's all I ever wanted though.

All I ever wanted was to scare you to death.
Choke your fuckin neck until your ass is outta breath.
All I ever wanted was to hear you scream.
You know it's hard to sleep when you're controlled by your dreams.
The man in the mirror knows that vanity's a must.
But will he understand and become like one of us?
Paintin up his face, not givin a fuck.
Grabbin' his nuts and expectin bad luck.
All I ever wanted was a brand new axe.
Strictly for the purpose of choppin and splittin backs.
All I ever wanted was to watch you bleed.
For the cause of the underground in which I believe.
I'm a maniac, yeah, but you don't understand.
My axe keeps swingin like blades on ceiling fans.
I could show you everything that you can't see.
That all I ever wanted to be was just me.

