All I Wanna Do Lyrics
by 40 Thevz.

Artist 40 Thevz f/ Malika 
Album Honor Amongst Thevz 
Song. All I Wan na Do 
 
All I wan na do is spend some time with you 
And. All I wan na do is bump'n grind with you. 
Can we get together when the time is cool. 
It'S. Alright with me, if it's alright with you 
 
When, I first met. You wasn't lookin' for a wife, 
Just somebody to keep a nigga warm in the night 
Since. You was down freakin'. We can do some meetin' 
Parlayin'. I got half on the boom in the trunk. 
But you got ta understand girl, I'm a man girl, 
Don't, go gettin' yourself mixed up in somethin'. You can't handle 
So. If it's good to you, like it's good to me, 
Then, we can kick it, but I ain't tryin' to be in no commitment. 
I got too much stress, dealin', with the system 
And tryin', to provide a house and home for my children. 
Cause women be trippin' when they don't get no attention. 
And, I ain't in the position. 
So. You can't take care the loot, it's yo decision, 
 
All. I wan na do is spend some time with you 
And. All I wan na do is bump'n grind with you 
Can we get together when the time is cool. 
It'S. Alright with me, if it's alright with you, 
 
Talk for a minute, but don't wear my ears out 
I want some time you wan na grind. We gon have to work this out. 
I never said I love you, I'm just not your hoe. 
And! You gon have to show you got some somethin' for a sister grow. 
I wan na post up twenty foreplay Bombay 
Bump the O.J. sixty-nine ways: 
 Got ta, keep it real cause there ain't no future! In this 
I wan na talk, you wan na stick 
Kiss the lips hit it quick 
I got news for you. We bout to compromise. 
Boo, you even see the thighs you gon have to spend 
A lotta time tryin' to paperchase 
But. You gon have to break me off 
For that tryin' to play me off. 
Don'T mistake me to be soft. 
 
All I wan na do is spend some time with you 
And. All I wan na do is bump'n grind with you. 
Can we get together when the time is cool. 
It'S. Alright, with me, if it's alright with you 
All you wan na do is bump'n grind with me. 
And. All you wan na do is spend some time with me. 
We can bump'n grind, but not for free 
Well. You better get a hustle or a j-o-b 
 
All of a sudden wan na play me like Willie Lumplover, 
Ain't nothin'. Like a thief, I saw the game. Comin' 
Say, you got one 
Three months in the oven 
And. You need a nigga to break you off. Somethin' 
But, Mrs. Butterworth. Tell me what it's worth 
Want me to play like I played in a church 
But, I ain't even got it. If I did, I wouldn't do it, 
It was cool, but let's call it a truce and come anew 
Cause. I know you, ain't pregnant, that's just a weapon. Women sometimes 
Use to keep their nigga from steppin' 
Take, the good with the bad and the bad. With the good 
I thought you understood, you was fuckin' wit, a nigga from the hood 
I'm, a type of man that understand your needs. 
But. I can't pay you cause. I got too many mouths to feed 
So what you wan na. Do you got ta? Let me know: 
Cause females come quicker than the metro, 
 
, Malika, P.S, 
 
All I wan na do is spend some time with you 
And. All I wan na do is bump'n grind with you 
Can we get together when the time is cool. 
It'S. Alright, with me, if it's alright, with you
 
