All Up in my Space Lyrics
by The Wreckshop Family.

D-Gotti 
I ain't doing it for no bullshit 
But, I'm in this bitch strapped. If you gon die, you know: I'ma pull quick 
Could hit a innocent bystander, but naw 
I'm, pointing at the motherfucker with the foul mouth. 
And y'all, niggas, ain't, nothing but hoes 
Now! Just take it like a man or get chased out the do' 
Hit you everywhere, but under your toes under your clothes 
Bleeding like a broad on her cy-cycle 
Beefing with a phsyco about a soft blood 
Outline in chalk, is the only outcome. 
How come. You think that y'all run sales 
Couldn't get them niggas heaven. So I brought some hell 
Oh well shouldn't of been up in my space 
Wasn't, my fault. He wasn't ducking shouldn't up been up in my face: 
Misplaced slugs, all up in a playa body, 
Was like the roof on fire flames, slugs from the shotty 
And uh D-Gotti, not the one for those games 
But. If you wan na make the news you won't play, see I'm saying nigga 
 
Get on ,'fore, you get shitted on 
Stay up in your place. If you wan na live long 
Why you all up in my space, why you all up? In my space, 
Nigga, better back-back ,'fore, I catch another case. 
 
D-Reck 
Thoed in the game, like a pass from Vick 
Hustling hard for the cash got the grip with car tricks, 
The name D-Reck, but they call me Johnny Street 
So in the gutter. Shuffling butter is where you find me: 
At it 2-4-7 for that payday baby. 
Niggas think I fell off cause they ain't seen me lately, 
Bitch niggas talk down then see me forget they hate me. 
The Glock, work daily. First then come congratulate me. 
Sticks and stones might break my bones. 
Bitch lip got, zipped won't hurt me 
Cause. If your name ain't in they mouth, then you ain't getting paid 
And, that's the only type of shit that gets me worried. 
But. My personal space mayn belongs to me. 
And. If you don't know my real name, I need three feet: 
And, even if you do and you ain't my boo 
Man to man conversations, I still got ta get too 
Invading a nigga space. Get your ass erased. 
I protect my perimeter with this heat around my waist 
 
A3 
Don't. Try to play me for weak cause, homie ain't, no mercy for strangers, 
Find a clip in your chest and your best friend strangled 
I'm a Dead End G. Keep it I-N-C 
And. What I don't see is you trying me 
Everytime, a nigga stomp. I crack the concrete 
Niggas getting mad cause. I jump in the front seat. 
Look! Don'T mess with me. I ain't scared to show ya 
Get leaned on hard by a nigga. That'S sober 
Hey! You in my space violation from the jump 
You a match, lit nigga, I'm a loaded fuel pump, 
So, don't get close. I got soldiers at they post 
That'll twist you over fire like a pig. Getting roast 
We warn niggas fairly that shots reloaded 
Blitz hard on the one got the ball and sewed. It 
You had a good chance, but it's clear you blowed it 
So that cash that you past nigga watch me fold. It 
 
Dirty $ 
Man you only as smart as your last dumb move. 
You. Think of fucking with me could get your body numb dude, 
Not too smart see I'll, make you heart, 
Do the opposite of start test that S on your chest, 
Cock back and make a mess of your flesh. Yes, 
Original dickie boy, we the best of the best 
So if you suckers hold plex and you eager to express it 
Bring it on get shitted on. We well protected, 
Dollar, well, connected plugged in to these streets. 
Better get up out my face or catch a slug from the heat, 
Ain't, nothing sweet bout. How I hold my gun, 
Wig splitter, my nigga, I squeeze triggas for fun, 
Mr., Dirty $ still pop the collar 
Making hoe, ass, niggas, holla, breaking em off some'ing, proper 
Shots and shots. Please spread the news 
Got these fools, so patient working with a very short fuse. 
Brother excuse me: naw get out the way. 
I'M a grown ass man, fam scram go play. Yeah 
, 
