All Lyrics
by Ty Dolla $ign.


I've been sitting on all this weed, might as well smoke it all.
I've been meeting lots of pretty bitches, might as well fuck 'em all.
And I've been making lots of money, might as well spend it all.
Who the fuck is all these new niggas? They ain't my friends at all.

She bad, but she drive a buggie, I fucked and told her, _Go_.
My ex bitch tryna get back together.
_Hi_, I fucked and told her, _No_.
My name getting bigger, my price is going up.
I don't even know bitches that come through and ain't tryna fuck.
We did it, we done it, now who can we blame?
Now I'm just tryna get used to the fame.
I had a b-day party for my lil' daughter.
See two of my bitches, try not to get caught up, oh yeah.
These hoes ain't got morals.
Tryna get wet after she fucked us on the tour bus.
She think my real name is Dolla $ign.
She got it tatted on her upper thigh.

I've been sitting on all this weed, might as well smoke it all.
I've been meeting lots of pretty bitches, might as well fuck 'em all.
And I've been making lots of money, might as well spend it all.
Who the fuck is all these new niggas? They ain't my friends at all.

I just love the drank dipped in wax, girl, I ain't a pimp, I'm a Mack.
Love is blind, so I hit it from the back.
Now she don't know how to act.
I'll be fucking 'till day time with the blinds open.
I'll be diving in face first with my eyes open.
What they hating on us for?
We take the weed wherever we go.
And all we do is sex and drugs.
She say: _When I hit it slow, it feel like making love_.
She bought me some shoes, I got her earrings.
First class, first time on an airplane.
Your man ain't ever did nothing like that for you.
You love him, won't leave him, but you ain't loyal.
You ain't my friend at all.
You the type of bitch that make a nigga spend it all.
Yeah.

I've been sitting on all this weed, might as well smoke it all.
I've been meeting lots of pretty bitches, might as well fuck 'em all.
And I've been making lots of money, might as well spend it all.
Who the fuck is all these new niggas? They ain't my friends at all.

_West bro, this shit goes straight to voicemail.
Must be on Airplane mode or somethin'.
I was tryna holla at you, now I can.
They went all up to the other yard.
Esé's gon' towards the Woods.
It was like 120 Mexicans, it was like 7 white boys.
Like 20 on each one.
A game, a game of soccer like.
They was just stompin' and fuckin' them boys man.
That shit was crazy.
Plus police started shootin' and all that.
Layed them all down.
A bullet just jumped up out of no where.
Got back crankin' again.
Even when it over he got ?
They stayed down tho', that shit was just Loc'd out.
Niggas could've died out there tho'.
Get a nigga up outta here bro.
Shit crazy.
I hit you tho' when I can.
I got some beefy ass songs.
Prison Break 2, 20 songs.
I love you tho'.
Salaam Aleikum_.

