All Around Feeling Lyrics
by Quentin Miller.


I'm making short term goals when the weather froze.
To put away the leather and put ices on the gold.
Uh, cause I been in the peace state.
Still rocking Pineapple but I'm from the peach state.
Pete sake, for that reason I'm giving 'em hell.
I'm in my prime, I'm living it well.
Not at all, the more that these niggas stall I get better.
These threats of leaving me stranded, my reply is whatever.
That's y'all loss, I'm out of town with the doors off.
Jeepers, I'm eating good like a mob boss.
Chicken fingers for my dinner, turn from dreamer to a winner.
I can teach 'em that's a splinter, uh.
Money is the motivation, I gotta make it.
That's an over-statement.
To over-stand me from my niggas and my family.
I told myself I would make it from the bottom to the Grammy's.
I hope I get to make it 'fore the program gets fucked up completely.
Damn, and I hope that last statement doesn't fuck me up before you get to see.
me.
Here I go.

I feel it all, I'm 'bout to say.
Your love just comes up all day.
I feel as though I'm up against this struggle and.
It's brighter then the things you did and when your back.

Uh, and I seen it all, before it came.
I knew it before the fame.
I would reach it and knew that I would never be the same.
It would be, the best and the worst time, bittersweet.
'til you be asking the Lord to deliver me.
Aw, Marty every time I call.
You be thinking ha, do you have fun at all?
We mixing these records, I changed a little though.
Reminiscing over Andy Warhol means B-I-G-P-O-P-P-A.
When opportunity calls, usually it's not three-way.
I asked God to help me out with this, just look what he did in three days.
So tell me, do you go with what you know all your life.
Or throw it all away for who you feeling for?
Cause basically, the choices that you making will eventually hurt you down the.
road.
Here I go.

I feel it all, I'm 'bout to say.
Your love just comes up all day.
I feel as though I'm up against this struggle and.
It's brighter then the things you did and when your back.

