All Due Respect Lyrics
by Run the Jewels.


This year we iller than a nun in a cumshot 
Gettin' double penetrated in a dope spot 
By two hard pipe hittin' niggas 
On, the orders of Marcellus to the soundtrack of 2pac 
I'll beat you to a pulp, no fiction, 
Tarantino flow new, Jules and Vincent 
Blow. Marijuana smoke no incense 
Exhale in the face of innocent infants, 
On some Ah hah. Look what I did shit 
And. If I get stopped by a crooked ass cop, I'm a put a bullet in a pig, 
And, Rin, Tin, Tin, ah hah
hah. Look what I did again! 
We, the hooligans outside of school again 
Sayin, don't be a fool, never follow rules again, 
We the bad boys bully with the fully that 
The teachers say ain't shit and in the need of discipline. 
We. The goddamn reason for ritalin 
In, the back of the class twitchin' and fidgetin' 
Dead wrong. We never got along 
We laughed at the kids that was active participants, 
Bad boy walk right, past church with the work in a bag 
And, a bible of Gideon 
Got suspended for bullyin' a bully 
But. I go back to class I'ma punch him in his shit again. 
Punch him in his shit again 
Punch him in his shit again, 
Punch him in his shit again, 
Punch him in his shit again, 
 
Cause. You get no respect, 
 
I, don't flirt with greatness. I wifed it in Vegas, 
The shits all paid for. I signed the papers 
Used to date, but then I made her my main bitch 
Bought us a place on a lake with some acreage. 
And Mike's, my neighbor straight from Greatville 
Any invader get slayed and stay killed. 
On sovereign land 
Mike fill the safe up. 
We call when the fam get paid a great thrill 
I Bad News Bear hug beats then creep off. 
You drive a rape van 
Mullet Ray-Bans 
We. Do Vicious 
You do witness 
You, don't clap shit, you's, a cricket 
Run the J's. We don't run so much. It'S all fun and games till my J's get
scuffed 
I'm livid fuming out
of touch 
I, wear sweatpants to funerals guns to lunch, 
Close the blinds they got drones and mines. We so close to the lie. I can
almost die. 
I got no goals left, but, to save my mind, 
They got more holes dug In the earth. Oh, my 
The beat get abused like I rock a wife, beater 
Drinker, fired by the company 
Friday late on the car. Note tryna do taxes 
This my house, it's high or the highway 
High or the highway 
High or the highway 
High or the highway 
High or the highway 
 
Cause you get no respect, 
 
I'm a thrill killer. I will test you 
Just, like daddy fuckin' left you 
It's all your fault, mommy's lonely, 
You're, a burden. She needs rescue, 
, 
Hey little buddy where's, your mommy 
Call me stepdad, or Uncle Johnny 
Here's, a dollar don't follow behind me. 
I got ta, go bang out mom and auntie 
 
I hunt, lions tigers, rare vaginas 
Hang, where the cops seem scared to find us, 
Pop stars, peep the bars and rewind us 
Fuck your life, but first run the diamonds 
From the jungle. The brothers 
Can't relate to your first world struggles. 
You want safety, hugs and cuddles 
IED's will leave bloody puddles 
 
Woke up in Nigeria, 
Kicked out America, 
Case of malaria, 
Shit got scarier, 
Got left with a gun and a pitbull terrier 
And. A note from my dad said, I hope God carry ya 
Fought one or two wars. While I made It to the shores 
Y'know back to the home of a rock in Georgia, 
To return as a king, Michael, the benevolent 
Gold draped ridin' on the neck of an elephant, 
 
Cause you get no respect.
 
