All I Wanna Do (P.S. Version) Lyrics
by 40 Thevz.

Artist 40 Thevz f/ Malika 
Album Honor Amongst Thevz 
Song. All I Wan na Do * 
 
*Available on CD. Only 
 
All I wan na do is spend some time with you 
And. All I wan na do is bump'n grind with you. 
Can we get together when the time is cool, 
It's. Alright, with me, if it's alright with you 
 
When, I first met. You wasn't lookin' for a wife, 
Just somebody to keep a nigga warm in the night 
Since. You was down freakin'. We can do some meetin' 
And parlayin'. I got half on the boom in the trunk 
But you got ta understand girl, I'm a man girl, 
Don't go gettin' yourself mixed up in somethin'. You can't handle 
So. If it's good to you, like it's good to me, 
Then. We can kick it, but I ain't tryin' to be in no commitment. 
I got too much stress, dealin', with the system 
And tryin', to provide a house and home for my children. 
Cause women be trippin' when they don't get no attention. 
And. I ain't in the position. 
So, you can't take care the loot, it's yo decision, 
 
All I wan na do is spend some time with you 
And. All I wan na do is bump'n grind with you. 
Can we get together when the time is cool. 
It'S. Alright with me, if it's alright with you, 
 
I, can share a part of me with a part of you 
And we can breathe off in the cut just the two 
And make it all better. If that's what you wan na do 
Bring my fantasies to life I'll make your dreams come true. 
That way you can handle yours and I can handle mine 
And when you wan na meet you just drop me. A line 
But hold on wait a minute, see now you tweekin' 
Talkin' bout. You love me them your physical emotions, speakin' 
I thought we made it clear. We wasn't goin', there 
I hate to end it, but we can. If you gettin' scared 
Now, I don't wan na seem like I'm runnin' games on your brain 
But. Why you wan na go and change a good thang 
 
All I wan na do is spend some time with you 
And. All I wan na do is bump'n grind with you. 
Can we get together when the time is cool. 
It'S. Alright, with me, if it's alright with you 
All you wan na do is bump'n grind with me. 
And. All you wan na do is spend some time with me. 
We can bump'n grind, but not for free 
Well. You better get a hustle or a j-o-b 
 
All of a sudden wan na play me like Willie Lumplover, 
Ain't nothin'. Like a thief, I saw the game. Comin' 
Say, you got one 
Three months in the oven 
And. You need a nigga to break you off. Somethin' 
But, Mrs. Butterworth. Tell me what it's worth 
Want me to play like I played in a church 
But, I ain't even got it. If I did, I wouldn't do it, 
It was cool, but let's call it a truce and come anew 
Cause. I know you, ain't pregnant, that's just a weapon. Women sometimes 
Use to keep their nigga from steppin' 
Take, the good with the bad and the bad. With the good 
I thought you understood, you was fuckin' wit, a nigga from the hood 
I'm, a type of man that understands your needs. 
But. I can't pay you cause. I got many mouths to feed 
So what you wan na. Do you got ta? Let me know: 
Cause females come through quicker than the metro, 
 
, Malika, P.S, 
 
All I wan na do is spend some time with you 
And. All I wan na do is bump'n grind with you 
Can we get together when the time is cool. 
It'S. Alright, with me, if it's alright, with you
 
