Allusions Lyrics
by The Underachievers.


Gee young nigga, but my heart is timeless. 
No price on my soul, ship filled up with gold 
Mothafucka y'know. That'S priceless 
2 grams ain't enough nigga keep yo blunt 
Won't smoke. If the shit ain't, the finest 
Niggas talk about what they got. 
When you check on these niggas motherfuckers, be lying 
Bow down to the motherfucking highness 
Fire start Hibachi 
nigga OG, like Hiachi 
Break up yo whole posse ya'll niggas movin' too sloppy 
Hittin'. Like I'm Rocky independent. You can't drop me 
Beast Coast, be my army. If I tell'em shoot, they got me 
Raised in the belly of the beast 
Born in a war, but my heart with the peace 
Raising up Gods. Every time that I speak 
When, we all get involved: ain't, no starvin' to eat, 
Making. Sure all my niggas gon' feast, 
Ya'll gon na see why we chasing the cream 
Roll up the leaves nigga spark up the tree. 
You ain't got no weed. 
Nigga fuck, you mean 
Nigga fuck, you mean 
 
 Ak The Savior 
My aura gold word to the oracle 
I'm the illest motherfucker incurable 
I went through all the bull about a toilet, full 
In royal flesh. I want all the loot man 
The sour, be clutch. Like Kobe, do 
And I'm living in L.A., so that's only proof 
Got a bitch in the bay that love the shroom 
She be screaming AK. When I shove the broom 
It's, a mismatch can't hold us 
Better get back. You ain't no soldier, 
Fuck, your sister guess what she told us: 
You: a bitch, ass nigga since stroller now hol' up 
Smoking, good ,'fronto, wrapped around the OG. In my hood 
It's understood. If AK be winning, then you know you could 
Psych bitch can't kill my vibe. I'M on an everlasting high, 
Want peace of mind and piece of pie. 
If. It'S not both then take my life 
I'm blowing smoke until I die high. As heaven watch me. Fly 
Look within you'll probably find a place. 
Go home boy live yo life, 
, 
I'm, blowing gas smoke fuck up my cash flow 
Fuck. It lets waste it 
We advance, though even your fans know: 
Ya'll niggas basic 
Smoking hash bowls. We lit like candles, 
Nigga stay, faded, 
You and yo mans jokes. We with yo. Damn hoe 
Them bitches wasted 
 
Peso, I'm counting peso's and smoking fuego 
Save hoes, you niggas, save hoes. Now that's a no-go 
Photo. She sneaking photo. She think she low tho 
Soul gold. She think my soul gold think we should hang tho 
 
I'm smoking mad dope. She sniffin' mad blow 
I'm. Like you bad hoe now fast forward, 
She took her pants off. Guess she, like assholes 
Gang coast, be counting mad dough with no advance, though 
My cash flow fuck up a damn, show then take a fan home, 
Fuego fuego, smoking fuego with yo dame 
Been like a whole 20 minutes can't front 
Nigga still don't know her name. 
30 minutes later have my pinky in her brain 
She. Like I thought you were different. 
All of you rappers just the same 
She ain't complain: 
 
 AK The Savior 
AK inside of your bitch right in the bunk. Ain'T no need for no crib 
Light up the skunk and then pro-ceed to go in 
Like a nitrogen pump top the speed off like damn 
Pray. This new shit make your speaker blow. 
Puffin' khalifa dro make your girl tippy-toe in 
She in love. Then she go telling her friends 
Like she hitting my line cause. The lord is on tour yet again 
Wait for a nigga to start winning 
First, they love you. Then they hate. Then they tasting the salt 
Face it you niggas is soft. Krillin 
Know the knowledge ain't hidden, just open the vault 
No debating stay dope, inhaling 
Clear the road, no trailing 
Never sober, steering 
Get run over near me, 
Dropping cold shit, yearly, 
Flow severely. I know
you feel me
 
