Almost Famous Lyrics
by Swollen Members.


Yeah... And you don't stop... Shit is crazy....
Everybody got their tool sharpened up man...
Prev One man kill'em....

Prevail.
Oral speech, coral reef, beach submariner.
Orbital bone gets cracked up with the chrome like the Punisher.
The microphone transponder, transporter galvatron.
Transformer galvanized, oversized pecking order.
Fourth quarter Hail Mary, Prevail wins the game again.
Westerly winds rip up your sails till they're paper thin.
Pirate ship, private stock, power plant.
Douse the light house watch as vessel crash into the rocks.
Man over board, S.O.S., sharks in the open water.
Battle Axe alumni buddy, oh that's my Alma Mater.
Northwest villain, Mount St Helen's, overflowin' lava.
Overgrown jungles cover monuments from ancient times.
X and Y chromosomes are known to metamorphosize.
Alpha beta carotene, kerosine, alkaline.
Genetic alphabetic prime, kinetic algorithmic times ten.
I use my mind to make time and space bend my friend, yeah.

Almost famous, now I wonder if they've heard of us.
Together we are one, when I'm alone I'm just a third of us.
Family bond that's even deeper than blood.
Cause we choose to stick together while we creep through the mud.
And walk through the fire, we've been to heaven and hell.
But when we were at the bottom, fuck it, nobody bailed.
That's why we got a bond that's even deeper than blood.
Cause we choose to stick together while we creep through the mud.

Mad Child.
I'm a reaper with a sickle.
A twisted little sick-o, I'm as vicious as a pitbull.
Eating gun powder, rottie with a shottie and a snotnose.
A lot goes on while I watch my partner's locks grow.
Canadian, together we are bigfoot and sasquach.
Psycho killer with a hockey mask that's the mascot.
Blood drips from the machete, it's a clean kill.
I believed in us back then, I believe still.
Skulls wash up to the seashore from the ocean.
Meeting of the minds we should be more ferocious.
Need more commotion, yeah, record, C4.
Explosives, yeah, eat more, deport emotion.
Prev and me together spit the lyrics that can paralyze.
Together we become a pack of wolves that fucking terrorize.
Strategic cold calculated killer under black skies.
Mixed with orange and.
burgundy, we perform a surgery.
When we break into Rob the Viking beats like it's a burglary.
Reflection looking back at me, I think it want to murder me.
Almost Famous now I wonder if they've heard of us.
Together we are one when I'm alone I'm just a third of us.

Almost famous, Now I wonder if they've heard of us.
Together we are one, when Im alone im just a third of us.
Family, bond that's even deeper than blood.
Because we choose to stick together while we creep through the mud.

Prevail.
Alright, my battle axe cavalcade will turn your brain to marmalade.
Armored car, bar spittin', hard hittin' gamma rays.
Nowadays a phase can graze and ooze just like an oil painting.
Boiler room money making, some are taken by surprise.
Poisonous to cyanide, surprised I can not take a life?
Break the hive and watch the hornets sting and swarm with killer form.
Fall free, you fuck with one of us, you fuck with all three.
Freestyle cypher life, you know what they call me.
Predator king of the jungle, second part was concrete.
Levitate, decapitate, reactivate the alpha team.
Sith Lord Palpatine, next step dominance.
Prevail from the ominous province of steady rain fall.
Deadlier than Darth Maul, heavier than the Death Star.
This beautiful death machine is nitrous, with full bars.
Flat black paint with glossy black skull.
So we still kill copy cats who copy what we do, yeah.

Almost famous, now I wonder if they've heard of us.
Together we are one, when I'm alone it's just a third of us.
It's family, a bond that's even deeper than blood.
Cause we choose to stick together while we creep through the mud.
And walk through the fire, we've been to heaven and hell.
But when we were at the bottom, fuck it, nobody bailed.
That's why we got a bond that's even deeper than blood.
Cause we chose to stick together while we creep through the mud.

