Alright RMX Lyrics
by Zin-Zeta.


Get your hands high in the air if you think you work as hard as me.
No hands... That's what I aught to see.
Cause God is good, and he handed four jobs to me.
Two of them, part-time, two where I work partially.
I know a lot of niggas not as lucky, though.
Life turned sucky, so they turned yucky, bro.
And that's the nice way to say, they turned grimy.
They got no choice but to rob niggas all the time, B.
My, my, something shiny to flip.
But, please, good Lord, won't you find me a brick.
So I can shave that sh*t.
And make that flip and save that chip.
But be careful what you wish for.
You hear the rod, but appear to fear the pitchfork.
They say, the way you're living is not at all bright.
But, just fear no man but God and you'll be all right.

Alright - Baby don't you cry.
Alright - Everything's gon' be all right.
Alright - I know we can make it through this.
Alright - Don't let go; hold on tight.

Alright X3.

All my homeboys, still grinding, out, hustling 'til the sunrise.
Still they don't see the light.
Nah.
Please open up your eyes; rise up - let's come together.
Build our own enterprise.
My.
Black sister on the street, she makes it her own business.
To sell her precious body.

Her baby has to eat, so don't hate her for her choices.
How do you think she feels inside.

Alright - Baby don't you cry.
Alright - Everything's gon' be all right.
Alright - I know we can make it through this.
Alright - Don't let go; hold on tight.

Over the years I done remained a very humble bloke.
I come from a broken home where everyone was broke.
And reminded of the value of a dollar at an early age.
So I'll be broke 'til I'm buried in my early grave.
Until I hit them pearly gates, I'mma have ghetto.
All in my blood, pumpin' via my veins - Hello!
Grand piano, two violins and a cello.
The andante is becoming an allegretto.
Cause the mood is going from sadness to madness.
The govt.'s got us going crazy over paper.
And I ain't trynna be known as the nigga who never had sh*t.
So, every move I make has got to be major - Goodbye.

