Alright With Me Lyrics
by Wretch 32.


No matter what I tell them 
Seems, I always end up, misunderstood 
No matter. My intention, 
All they got ta say, is I'm up to no good 
I ain't, even mad 
Why. Would I be mad? 
It'S all alright, 
It's, all alright. With me, 
 
The, kids. Don'T wan na turn down 
They with a bad chick, hoping she ain't, fertile 
I got two kids. Maybe I'm the third child 
I just put the work in hoping that it works out 
See. I got two bitches at the same time. I know 
She just drop it down till she can't go low, 
I'm, sick and tired of being sick and tired I'll throw up 
When. I drop Growing Over Life, I'll grow up 
Say, they got ice, but it must be Carte D'Or, 
When, you're, living sky high. You design your own floors, 
Running by my ride, holding on the car door, 
Slip it into gear five, why I got the Porsche for 
Rappers sold less claiming that they know more 
Did their core fanbase even want an encore 
I had a Cuban link had to take My chain off 
She be looking at me funny. Every time I take off ayy 
, 
No matter. What I tell them 
Seems. I always end up, misunderstood 
No matter. My intention, 
All they got ta say, is I'm up to no good 
I ain't, even mad 
Why. Would I be mad 
It's all alright 
It's, all alright with me: 
 
The, kids, don't wan na work now 
The student loan got them feeling it will work out. 
They even told me on the low they prefer it loud, 
They just turn up till they're floating with them. Fur clouds 
See. My niece is on fleek and in love with coco 
But. Four years ago she was singing, Don't Go. 
She says she wants a watch from her favourite uncle 
Michael Kors. Let the G-Shock where'd the time go 
Had to ask if she knows something, I don't 
Had the longest conversation on the shortest drive home 
Said. She sees what I'm saying staring in her iPhone 
Guess. She didn't get the message, but there weren't a typo 
Lord-a-mercy. You see the god in me, 
That'll, probably never. Let me fly economy. 
I never had a better dream. When I was asleep 
I guess the Ox in me really wants to top the league. 
I'Mma keep gunning, keep gunning, 
 
No matter. What I tell them 
Seems. I always end up, misunderstood 
No matter. My intention, 
All they got ta say, is I'm up to no good 
I ain't, even mad 
Why. Would I be mad 
It's all alright, 
It's. All alright. With me 
 
Every day, I make a prayer 
Lord, make sure. I'M way up, 
I'mma make my own way up. 
No sleep, I'mma stay up 
Every day. I make a prayer 
Lord, make sure. I'M way up, 
I'mma make my own way up. 
No sleep I'mma stay up. 
 
 prgrshn _Wretch 32_ 
