Ambush Lyrics
by Swollen Members.


Im Pyschosimatic, you might know the static that automatically comes when we
hit these drums 
All of the underworld sayin. Here he comes 
To snatch back the crown and thats passed around 
In my fleet. We beat the odds, meet the godfathers. 
We keep the crowd hotter, you speak and why bother 
I automata Fire, my style, i got ta 
I got a moniker thats volitile, its flow torch, 
 
 
Im, not the type to sit around on bar stools, 
Me and the mic we been around since carpools 
And. Now, with the 90's behind me, i finally designed the epitamy of grimey 
You can finally wear the sunshine betry me and i'll. Have you all crying? Why me 
 
Ambush Takin it back to the place we made the name known and theres no
survival 
Ambush. We never seen this shit comin and we want you to know we still hold
the title 
We still hold the title: theres no survival y'all should get bide. 
We Strike Without Warning, Show no Remorse. We Run the Darkside 
 
Dangerous and Uncivilized balls brains, jaws chains, thats. How im livin life 
Role Reversal, i'll go commercial then go back to underground wit, no rehearsal 
Roads are closed. Cuz boulders, rollin im'a bulldoze and my shoulder's frozen 
Coldblooded and coldhearted im cut throat, im gon finish what i started
whassup bro 
Redeem my Team, raps cap'll regeme. Captain of the makin and happeh machine 
Bossaball bosses, you cut your losses, 
Catch. What your tossed and im fuckin awesome: 
My luck, i'll Profit 
Of course: im on my own dick its attached can't get off it. 
Jack Move Hidin under the Stair Case, 
Army Fatigued, Strap Gas Mask and Bear Mace. 
 
We Discovered the Brotherhood of the Wolves 
Where. We cut em good and feed em to the dogs. 
Im involved, 
Mysteries unsolved 
The opening groups on cool. Tell me when its ours 
Im'a treat it like a gymnasium 
Goin 2 times platinum. We only play to win. 
I can't hold again Im Spinnin out of orbit 
Im Comin for ya 
If. I can plan it like. I fought for it 
Metamorphic Something Metal in my Pocket. 
Turn of gum i'll make you knife an slice, an eye socket 
Got advice like crock it in tubs 
Got, you higher, then the drugs that they made in bathtubs 
Ambush'll push thru with muscle. 
Push come to shove. I got you seein double 
Purest Shock Value. My Corps C4's 
Like crawling thru, a trench in the 2nd world War
 
