American Gods Lyrics
by Rustlah.

At the dawn before humanity.
The elder gods held a gathering.
Panicking over who would reign supreme.
And there plans and schemes.
Deemed ridiculous by less meticulous beings.
The pantheons at war. Odin, Loki, broken mold of Thor.
Mere mortals hold the door, when the real god slide in.
Quite thin and strike crews with light like Zeus.
Had em running in Nike shoes to every corner of the planet.
Granted their power drew from belief.
Featured in the green dreams of kings and queens.
Who told their vassals and peons of the true rulers from the beyond.
Puzzled over purpose, they built churches.
And other places of worship because they were tired.
Of feeling worthless.
And so every other day, or whenever their mother say.
They would pray.
Get on their hands and knees, say their RIPs.
Give thanks and end with a please.
The gods grew like some vegetables.
Majestic and celestial, gaining power from the people.
Their praises and festivals.
Human tissue dried their eyes.
With animal sacrifices, spilling blood for Dionysus.
Turned to wine and other vices, until every one of our gods.
Fell like cosmic comets and became just like us.

We battled in their honor.
Bloody feet of a centipede.
That moved over centuries from Africa to Greece.
Gods names began to change.
Until their stories and how they cam became.
One and the same.
So called pagans burned at the stake.
For not knowing his face and who to praise.
Chalk it up to the game.
Last place in the human race.
Gave over Judas to live an afterlife.
This new god wasn't half as nice.
Requiring human sacrifice.
Dark ages, Lord save us!
We turned to science to bring back the light.
But it was just as dangerous.
A new vehicle for deities to inhabit.
Electric, eclectic, truth and fact replaced magic.
No more dial up Sunday service.
Direct connection, social nets working.
For wealth collection.
Not to mention, the elder gods were forced.
To find some new professions.
You could catch Ananzi, on Grand street.
Slanging sammies and soup.
And Nanook, he wear a man suit.
Do him a solid and let that man cooook.

He;s just trying to make it under the eyes.
Of the spaceships.
We're cab drivers, strippers, servers, pitchers.
Fixtures, myself I push liquor.
On a beach somewhere and keep my feet in the sand.
Come for the music, stay for me.
Im god pray to me.
Wake the fuck up or stay asleep.

