Amorphous Lyrics
by The Underachievers.


Ah ah ah ah.
Everybody always claim they want change.
But they're so wrapped up inside the pain.
Chilling in the sun while they stuck in the rain.
Look at my generation, nigga what a shame.
Stuck inside of the molly poppin'.
Film and sexual content, we need to stop it.
Instead of profits, we.
stuck with loss man.
Instead of conscious, we stuck with nonsense.
Remember them times, when they still be livin' lies.
Me and AK changing lives.
Since we wasn't in our primes.
But our truth to the skies, before the coast shine.
Holding on mine, we plottin' on a rise.
Tenacious with the crime, my vision super lies.
Savior in the skies, I'm.
reading through signs.
No waivers can demise.
Just stop the cool drops.
We savin' niggas lives.
We teachin' them to shine.
Soldier alike, now they all fall in line.
Make up your mind, or get lost in the time.
They can chill with pom poms.
We the cream of the crop.
Tell the heathen drop dom when they speakin' to god.
Never needed a nine, always guarded by light.
Even that night, Issa got the clearance in sight.
We ahead in the fight, while they're tossing their knives.
I get lost in the mic, ‘til the show we go right.
Fuck the stripe shit.
, my nation's massive.

Fill with passion, I paint the canvas.
Niggas tragic, while we droppin' classics.
I'm goin' savage, while more gets damaged.
Started from a seed, see how awesome we blossom.
I'm a warsong, go hard.
to save the lost ones.
We the new law, think.
hard before you cross us.
Cause we go hard before,.
we're like some martians.

When I get up.
The sun goes down.
If I never get it.
Then it'll come back around.
All along I don't belong.
When you wake up I'll be gone.

We the new law, think hard before you cross us.
Cause we go hard before, we're like some martians.

Wasn't too long that I escape from the struggle.

From the rubble that the man done placed on my color.
Cape wanna hover till the nations will suffer.
Eighths to the face spark a jay every sun up.
Throw the hatred away start embracing each other.
Faking it won't get you greatness my brother.
Trust me you gotta be.
sucked free.
My young G against all the odds you O.D. becomes Z'd.
Reflect your heart you are who you accompany.
They hate us, why? cause we, who they wanna be.
But we all wanna meet the kids of the sun.
Trapped with the knowledge from within like a gun.
Stand up for your rights outsmart the system.
Live large and get funds your job is never done.
Guided by the light the darkness can shine.
My past to overcome with blackness in my lung.
Trapped with the culture act, I catapult ya.
Ash you like roaches AK.
be the cobra.
Fans like Ocean when they hear the flow spit.
Similar to ocean, make your brain grow shit.
Know how to roll you gotta stay focus.
Weak minds can't cope with all this commotion.
Fake shit decoded make shifts and blow piff.
If you are the future then live in the moment.
Seen in my glow a nigga been chosen.
To free lost souls to slow bring in motion.
Heal all globe my indigo is loading.
Free your dome them.
shows gonna erode it.

Came in this realm my purpose to bring change.
Puff sour and feed brains.
as I release pain.
Own your gold and bow we are all king.
The power source is in your heart still lovin'.

When I get up.
The sun goes down.
If I never get it.
Then it'll come back around.
All along I don't belong.
When you wake up I'll be gone.

Own your gold and bow we are all king.
The power source in your heart still loving'.

