Another Face in The Window Lyrics
by Twisted Insane.


They're all the same...
Assimilated....
And here am I....
Born of a lost cause....

3 in the morning, she was asleep.
Little did she know that her ex-boyfriend was on creep.
Found out that she had a foursome with he, he, and he.
Now he full of vengeance, knowin' no repentance, he wants to ping ping ping.
ping!
Tiptoed the apartment building with the janitor who be up all night.
He made it to the bitch's door and covered up the hole and then he knocked.
real light.
Got up out the bed and put the slippers on and started walking down the hall.
He was waitin' like a human Satan for the mutilation with a saw, right?
She checked her watch and turned the light.
Who the fuck is coming down my door at this time of night?
Only her ex-boyfriend ?Braddy? and he hella crazy with a fuckin' knife.
As soon as she hit the door, she gon' hit the floor.
And he will go slice.
Fuck, baby woke up now he is crying.
?Braddy? still at the door, ain't that just perfect timing?
You can bet a million dollars, put it up and he won't be kind.
Now you was laying dead up on the floor.
Nobody know, press rewind.

They're all the same...
Assimilated....
And here am I....
Born of a lost cause....

?Braddy? pulled her up out the door.
Chewing on her flesh, swallowin' lungs down his throat.
Psycho like he Michael Myers, pulling out pliers for her toast.
?Or be? gurgling with her blood like that shit was some stoke.
?Braddy? watched the tape, yes, he seen it.
She was coming at him with the normal.
You know, it don't really even mean shit.
He couldn't get the image out his head of her pretty pussy creamin.
The way she bent over and took the dick, just screamin' and screamin'.
He went in the shack and dug through that rubble.
Pushin'.
through the hammers and the monkey wrenches, try'na find that shovel.
Threw her body in the trunk, hit the freeway about 45 minutes away.
Started diggin' like a motherfucker but it really wasn't that subtle.
7-year-old Bobby fishin' lookin' for his daddy and he seen it.
Body hangin' out the trunk, ?Braddy? lookin' like he didn't even mean it.
Bobby thinkin' to himself, 'this can't be real, I must be dreaming'.
?Braddy? put the pistol to his head and told him 'act like you did not see.
shit'.

They're all the same...
Assimilated....
And here am I....
Born of a lost cause....

*music fades away, another one comes in*.

They know I be on my realla, killa, killa, nigga, shit.

Keep tellin' you niggas I am not the usual.
So sad, toe-tag, put 'em in the bag, nigga, that Voodoo-.

*car door slam*.

