Another You (Remix) Lyrics
by The World Famous Tony Williams.


It, don't really matter what you do. 
There'Ll, never be another! You 
They ain't, never been up in your shoes. 
There'Ll never be another. You 
It, don't really matter what you do. 
There'Ll, never be another! You 
Baby, you ain't got nothing to prove 
There'll, never be another! You 
 
Thanks for having me Tony. You know: 
She got money from her last two exes 
No kids, new Jag, new Lexus, 
And cook, a bad ass breakfast 
Just, incredible how the sex is 
So. I leave her, but then I come right back. 
She be catchin' attitude, and I don't like that. 
 Wan na talk that shit I'mma strike back 
Only for the makeup sex and the night cap. 
They got a bed on the beach and 
My thing: got beef with your coochie 
Got money still sneak in the movie. 
Love the adventure and when you do me, 
I heard last man soft ass friend, like macho man, 
Lil' tight, ass shirt on. Let'S just call him, not your man, 
I'm, just saying: 
 
F.G., all these freak bitches wan na sex me 
But. Due to the fact. I'M a mac with a mothafuckin' sack 
Man a bitch can't stress me: 
I'm, with Alicia Lauren and Leslie 
Miami rooftop Cabana 
Heard. They fucked my crew from Atlanta 
Now, I'm tryna hit it so pardon my manners. 
I was born with it. So pardon this pimpin' 
Can't learn. Nothin' talkin' bitch, listen, 
Need, a thick rare thing up in my bed frame. 
You, look like you fit that description, 
Get up in the GT and get missin' 
Push button start the keyless ignition 
Whole. Damn thing it cost me: 240 
'Fore! I left the lot. I slapped it on Forgi's, uh 
And. It don't really matter what you do 
Cause. I don't know another chick like you, 
From the back to the front to the side. 
Ain'T another nigga doin' it like. I do 
Smoked out I'm toasted 
Fucked the bitch and made her lose focus 
Off, another dose of this dope, dick 
Tell. All your friends girl, promote this. It'S Gibbs, 
 
You know a nigga. Need that one thing 
She want a nigga, that's stunting, 
Every time she pitch. I grand slam 
Say her man be bunting 
Well. Tonight we going hunting 
She like women like I do 
Damn well tonight we can try two 
Damn where the fuck a nigga, find you 
You, know a nigga mentally fucked up 
Prolly on the bud. Walk up in the club get all the love 
All, because a nigga fucks with Cud 
And, even Kanye, sees me. He says. What'S up 
Tony, I think I found the one 
But she can't talk. Her man is home, 
I told her save my name as Shaft Long in her damn phone 
 
Here's another day in the life of a champion, knight 
Do. I do some fight, I'm ashamed, but I might 
Whether wrong wheather right, 
Its, a dangerous sight. 
Are we going in 
 
I'm feeling like Stevie right now. You know… 
I had the strangest feeling lately 
The nigga's, so fake, I'm off it 
And. Every time they flake, like frosted 
I, just make my profit 
And get a girl who barely bra fit 
Aw shit. He back on his feet like carpet. 
He was just playing possum 
Playing, like I wasn't awesome 
Yeah I got some jokes, don't I 
Ha ha ha, laugh it up. 
And they'll be wack, 
And, we'll be the last ones cracking up 
Matter fact, because you nigga wan na doubt me 
Let's see how it feel without me, 
Taking off on this rocket Yao Ming 
 
