Anti-Trill Lyrics
by Swych.


Lanipator: So what are you doing here?
MasakoX: Oh, you know, just flying around.
Lanipator: Flying around?
MasakoX: Flying around.
Lanipator: Thwarting my plans?
MasakoX: Thwarting your plans?
Lani: Are you?
Masa: No.
Lani: Good, because that'd be bad.
Masa: How bad?
Lani: I'd have to kill you.
Masa: That's bad.
Lani: Indeed.

I don't have, I don't trust, nobody.
Kid Cudi in my headphones.
Say they love you but they dead wrong.
They don't love you until you dead gone.
Like.
Knock on your door then send shots through the peephole.
Turn your back and they gone like Bruce Wayne.
Say they real as 2Pac but they two-faced.
Gone in the wind, like a toupee, they too fake, I'm too trill.

Pimp C.
You understand what I'm saying?
So I'm laying back and watching the game.
Nas.
Talk about me, laugh behind my back but in my face.
Y'all some well-wishing, friendly-acting, envy-hiding snakes.
The Notorious B.I.G. x2.
It's the ones that smoke blunts witcha.
See your picture, now they want to grab they guns to come and getcha.

Population 7 billion but I'm all alone.
Type of thoughts that make me wonder why I got a phone, man I don't know.

I'm trying to keep this BS off my dome.
They say it's lonely at the top I guess I'm on the throne, where they throw stones.
This why brothers getting stoned on the same block.
Where they practice ebonics homie they slang rock.

But what you love could hurt you most, the chance we take, ahh.
I remember this one time I fell in love with.
Who I thought this woman was it just taught me watch who I trust.
Sometimes they turn cold quicker than the shower do.
Switch sides and call it power moves.
All they talk is bowel moves.
So many fakers claiming trill it make it hard to sleep.
Man why you think Pimp C needed codeine... hold up.
That mean these liars killed Pimp C....
Well I'll be damned if I let them suckers kill me.
They gon' have to kill me!

Many men, wish failure upon me.
Hate in their eyes dog and they can't see.
I'm gonna be what I'm destined to be.
Until somebody take my life away.
Many men.
Many many many men.
Wish failure upon me.
Dog I don't cry no more.
Don't look to the ground no more.
Have mercy on many men.

Lani: Hey! What's up guys! So what are you doing!?
Masa: What am I doing?
Lani: What are you doing!?
Masa: Nothing much.
Lani: Thwarting my plans!?
Masa: Thwarting your plans?
Lani: Are you!?
Masa: ...Yes.
Lani: ...I'm gonna beep kill you!

