Applause Lyrics
by Swoope.


Applause, yeah, yeah, from You to me.
See it from the view that I see.
Just to know that You are pleased.
Is the reason that I'm doing these things.
For Ya.
Applause, from You to me.
See it from the view that I see.
Just to know that You are pleased.
) Is the reason that.
I'm doing these things.
For Ya.

Bravo! Bravo! Bravo!
Praise and accolades.
Bereave the stage.
I say thanks as lights fade.
I go, I go off the stage feeling regal.
Ego, ego getting stroked, feel my steelo.
So high, so high, so high, I'm like an eagle.
So high, so high, so high, no pinot grigio.
I'm drunk on my own wine, feeling plastered.
Man, I'm gassed up. I ain't take no Beano.

But you know how it be though.
When you can rock the stadiums, that's under the steeple.
When you can fill Palladium, pews full of people,.
And crowds give it up to you like you was the Repo.
Soon as the record hit the needle.
I hit the stage killing homie, you can call me hero.
On the real I'm villain homie, you can call me Deebo.
And I'm living foul but it ain't no referees though.

So ain't nobody shooting free throws.
I just hit the stage like Frank and do it my way.
Spit perverted Gospel, Bernie Mac, Friday.
You heard what I say, it ain't no referees so.
I'm traveling, packing hit the highway.

Different cities have become the same place.
Every crowd's a mirror man, I swear.
I see the same face.
I just say the same thing and let my pockets gain weight.

Homie, this my day to day.
I make em put their hands together like they're saying Grace.
All in the name of the Lord and his saving grace.
I'm playing games with His love, homie Flavor Flav.
Cause every time I'm rhyming I'm thinking going diamond.
My Heart's in the club, homie, Ace of Spades.
I'm on a paper chase, gotta get this bread homie.
I need a paper plate, tryna hold it down homie.
I need a paperweight.
Never wanna fade out, gotta get my taper straight.
And I got them lined up.
Homie, homie ain't that great.
Homie, homie ain't that great.

People clap for me and make patty-cake.
Cause they feel my bars like Saint Patty's day.
As pride fills up my chest, I gotta give them my best.
I'm never gon take a rest.
Homie homie I hate Saturdays.
And I can't take the Sabbath day.
So forget what my Daddy say.
And go ahead with the patty-cake.
And give my talent praise with....

I go, I go, I may.
Give me attention.
Steal both my earlobes, homie take a listen.

And I ain't even gon lie and say that wasn't me.
Like when cats told me told me I can rhyme I wasn't geeked.
Lil' homie from the gutter streets of Akron is rapping.
With mad fans and staying at the.
Double Tree.
Chest full of pride...Double ds.
Cats used to sleep on me...Homie, double Zs.
But now people stop me and ask me for my floppy.
And can I sign a copy...Double Cs.

Driven by selfish ambition, enslaved me.
And kept me in the kitchen, making heat.
When it really had me held in a prison made of beats.
And every bar I spit made a prison gate for me.

Fighting with myself, internally warring.
Tryna change my foes, my pride was my opponent.
Tryna change my clothes cause I hate the color orange.
I had to call the Warden and beg him for His pardon.
Repent of pride and the hardening of my heart.
And denial of his calling.
I need His grace.
To come and pour in.
And His mercy to fall like autumn.

I was falling, pride had my number.
It comes before the fall, similar to summer.
July to autumn, the pride of all men.
Is for guys to applaud them or deny the God that is awesome.
So once again I'm falling.
This time to my knees, Up to You I'm calling.
Praying You are pleased, I'm down at your feet.
With my crown at Your feet, asking for Your audience.
You're the crowd that I seek.

