Archangel Lyrics
by XEL.


Now I gotta go with this, I'll never come back.
I said more in a line than they said in one track.
But maybe I'm just wrong, it's destined to start painful.
I'm here to tell the truth, I guess I'm an archangel.

So I'mma take over the world on my Pinky and the Brain shit.
Quit talkin' about me sour, now I think he rearranged it.
Deranged with the lyrics, here is the clearest of messages.
Cause nobody in this game is ever near to this pessimist.
I'm goin' off, I'm knowin' your flowin' soft, throw and toss.
Anybody that's slow and ?, don't blame me, I'm showin' off.
Got it with the hottest product, psychotic, melodic logic.
Not a novice, no thought is modest, narcotic and neurotic.
?, I gotta get a hold of my brain, it's so cold in my veins.
Don't get rolled in my Jane, ain't no gold in my chains.
I'm not a material person, but here we go searchin'.
For the best, the ? worsen.
I'm on that next shit, next level rhymin', I'm untouchable.
With the best wit, the rest said that my mind's been so combustible.
So what do I do with it? The fluid gets over the page.
I'm close to the days I gotta get colder with the rage.

Gimme a punchline, gimme a month's time and I'mma kill it quick.
? once I'm in your ? mind, they sayin' the skill is sick.
Surgery is easy but the doctor needs more time.
They callin' me a cokehead how I chop with these pure lines.
But really I'm on some other shit, how could you underestimate.
Keepin' it 100 escalate, you wanna test your fate?
I'm done with hesitation, your amateur side.
Is a reason that these rappers dead, I'm here to make planets collide.
And stand with the pride of an alpha wolf now.
How's a thousand volts sound? I'm here to douse the whole town.
But nobody understands how I get so wicked with this.
I'm ubiquitous mixed with a meticulous flow and all them hypocrits.
And critics can just lick a dick, I'm ridiculous, I flip the script.
And nothin' you can say to me, put that on your Christmas list.
Always got a sick flow, that schitzo kid.
But I ain't all up on your radar, yet I'mma hit those grids!

It's time to put the games aside, I'm thinkin' your brains are fried.
I came to change the tide but still I remain denied.
They know I'm one of the best, I been numb with that stress.
I guess I'm a loser in my own right, I wonder what's next.
I feel I'm going to the sky, time to bring them clouds around.
Still I live with nothin', I'm a king that lives without a crown.
And I don't like the metaphors, they know I got a hefty plan.
Sayin' something like I'm so blue: Pepsi can.
Now what kind of crap is that, they cut rhyme and rap in half.
But still it's funny they spill the money on sluts, try'na have a snack.
Grab a stack, I'll snatch it back, quick as you made it.
After that I'm back to tracks, don't give a shit if you hate it.
I'm here and I'm doin' it, write the words and drop 'em on my ill shit.
They fear when I move in the night, because I'm just too much to deal with.
I drain 'em straight to hell, now they afraid and yell my name in dreams.
Call me Gabriel, but believe me there ain't no angel wings.

I wish that I could give it all up.
But it's stuck inside my veins, I relive the raw stuff.
And I got a way to go, but yet I've been try'na breathe.
But I've fallen from the clouds so I guess it's time to leave.

