Are You Ready For That Murda Lyrics
by Twistid Rob.


Are you ready for that murda.

I get em, hit em with the 187 the venom I be spittin with the regulars are.
written.
And the syllables are fit into the sentence as a given and the motherfuckers.
that are pretending to be the sickest.
Ever heard on the microphone body you sounding like they peeling stuff.
And they talk about violence but they can never kick it.
Temp rup it up like psychopaths you wannabe just give it up.
You can act like a killer but I don't really give a fuck.
Melodramatic hell of an attic.
You can tell when I'm rappin I dwell at my manners since outa my mind and I.
drag em.
To the next room visualize when you listen to this immaculate captain baggin.
competition actin like it never happened.
Out in the woods when I'm feelin like I wanna disappear.
Got so many demons I just wanna pitch a spear.
When I'm starting to feel the sanity then I know it isn't clear.
Re-ramble the battles gamble you thought but you missing here.
When you take shots you take off cause you can't take em.
Y'all are made soft or made cloth like a hand's made em.
You fuckin ponies and phonies you and all of your homies line up to be the.
human centipede and then all of you blow me.
Lot of you motherfuckers get too freaky now cause you were weaker than others.
and you speakin death and I beat you dead only the strongest survive.
You only prolonging your life it's animalistic cannibal eatin you now.
I've been so cold, Hasnt been told.
As this pain I have it slowly grows.

Are you ready for that murda.

Are you ready for the murder you be fuckin with a nigga ima burn em.
Grabbin the backpack, bet a bad bag.
Flippin em like a flap jack, I turn em.
Nigga, not your average egotistical.
And I be snappin up with the syllables.
And it would be a miracle if ever you got lyrical cause ain't nobody hearin.
you or scared of you.
Better take a look in the mirror nigga ain't nobody fearin you.
I'm sick of the thera-flu mixed with Nyquil, I will.
Start rippin the motherfuckers up out of that new whip, talkin about that 9.
mill.
You so fake that's how I feel.
Thinkin that I won't but I will.
Start choppin the motherfuckers like I'm Jigsaw get your eyes seal nigga.
Yeah, I'm a little bit different you can call me an immigrant but I'm not from.
this planet.
And ima use that advantage and start to causing the damage and Ima take the.
fuckin throne.
Never need a manager to manage I could do it on my own.
Fuck you niggas talk about em giving em no percentage cause my credits is.
limited.
But my talent is infinite Ima never give it up.
You put it down and pick it up.
You better finish that, you better take a dab.
You better take a drag.
Something just to let you know that I am back.
Give me the motherfuckin beat I put it in the body bag.
Ain't nobody tryna hit a sloppy rap all you do is copycat.
Listen to this track and play it back and try to copy that.
My rythym always changin ain't nobody keepin up with me.
And I ain't talkin cocky rap I'm droppin facts.
Bringin the competition I murder the opposition.
I'm in a position on a mission just to leave you racing from the rap game.
Nothin but your last name all you niggas mad lame.
Come what you pretend to be but you be lackin energy.
I leave em with no memory you just another detity.
Jay Crazii.

Are you ready for that murda?

