Armani Lyrics
by Zoetic.


Yea, shout out to Ocki, Rhill, Hippy A, free my brotha Bread let's get it.

Cha!
Armani Armani got it on my head and all over my body!
You gas like a Saudi, your rhymes are so.
shoddy, ya style is goddy!
I'm mixin' the purple and sprite, lookin right, if you wanna take a sip.
Got lasers on pistols, I don't need to aim, i just shoot it from the hip!
Empty the clip and dip and grip the wheel of the whip and then i make another.
trip.
SLOW IT DOWN, we takin' aim, hear my homie's pistol bang.
So i do the same thang, try to shoot 'em in the brain.
Out on bail, in my zone, gettin' blown like C4.
CEO, top dog, gettin Crunk off Olde English.
If you have any doubts, now i bet they are diminished.
Imma linguist, you a gymnist, got my flows defying physics.
So she suckin on my penis like Swedish Fish in the icee.
Bitch i might be, guilty until proven innocent.
I'm an American citizen, so why are you acting so insolent?
I go for the dividends, hopped up on stimulants, feelin' so vigilant.
This shit is so easy, I'm takin' a break cause I'm tired of killin' it.
....What'd i say?!

That's like two hundred and fifty words, bet you half of them's a curse.
All you twerps all rap the worst, bet i'll make you all disperse.
Swing batter batter batter, now my pockets gettin' fatter.
When i let the bullets scatter, make you silence all the chatter.
Talkin all this shit drown em out wit the doof doof! And then I'm out like.
poof poof!
Hope ya windows are bulletproof, cause if they're not then I'm rippin' out yo.
fuckin' roof.
On ya little coop, give my crew a little boost, got my dogs barkin at ya dead.
body like woof woof!
Now I'm back at it, I'm the rap savage, got my wolf pack, call me Zach.
Galifinakis.
My bitch is an actress, she's into high fashion.
Gucci, Fendi, Prada, give her meat like Lady Gaga.
Eat her enchilada 'till it's bout to explode, about to bust a load, got her in.
the bed yellin' out.
GRENADA!
They say honor thy father! but what if mine's a problem?
I don't know mama, i choose marijuana.
Smokin' in my pajamas, that's how i make my genres.
I pop all seven chakras, period, colon, comma.

Like a new fashion trend, that's how you are treating it.
Just beat it bitch, you don't know who you're dealing wit, or who you.
competin' wit.
Versace Versace, just shut the fuck up you're not even a rapper.
You started an actor and now you make music you think you're the master.
Your career is ass backwards, a mainstream disaster, you tryna rap faster.

It's easy to make it in this god damn game, when you already got money.
And you think that you a spitter, make a couple radio hits and they all follow.
you like twitter.
Ugh, sayin that word makes me bitter.
Cause on that social network site, all the white guys be like:.
Unnh, Versace Versace but really the truth is i wear Abercrombie.
No new friends i woke up in a new Bugatti.
Eight gold rings like Shabba Ranks buddy!

