As it is Written Lyrics
by Unity Klan.

Jaz.
As it is written just picture.
Where hip hop meets scriptures.
Through Christ the words is life to all and that's the kicker.
Spirits thinker from chapter to chapter as God speaks.
Mysteries captured from heaven as man reads.
And you can meditate and God's word penetrates.
To keep your mind state from heading reprobate.
Like love and hate its a thin line from life and death.
Your last breath when you stand before the throne, your life's left.
Let there be Light and light was.
Hang the stars to shine bright and night does.
Before the foundation of creation see God was.
As it is written in his word because God loves.
Revelations and Genesis holiness written.
In all pages inspiration from god given.
To all ages its the reason why my soul could never die.
Its the bread of life to all you ask the question why, as it is written.

As it is written.
4x.

Big J.
I have been hard stress but been hard bless.
Been put through the test I never settle for less.
Always confess jesus whereever we go.
When we came in 3 we left with 4.
Nebcanazeer could never connive who soul is alive.
In Christ never dies so we stirve to survive.
No flame can scorch the upright as we grab the mic.
We mediate on the word day and night.
As we seek Yaway not your way.
We cut all games and church play.
And get back to the Basic situation.

Its a trip in his presence how the tide turns.
He is the only one that can save your from the fire burn.
As it is written is the trith that we better learns.
Because through repentance of his name is what his blood earned.

JahWord.
Now as we role tot he 2 G plus 1.
Your times up with the carnal mind lookin for fun.
Ya im ticked cause im sick of the luke warm.
Make a choice serve the flesh or the first born.
You take a rap thang way to lightly.
In face it ain't a game when young soul pains.
From eternity in the falmes.
Well the what you're given.
Ya we hear you talk but we see how you living.
Had a talk wit God and he showed me.
Devils confess but the really dont know me.
yo could that be you.
They blasphemed my name with pleasure.
Heart full of liust wickedness their treasure.
But let me set it straight as it is written in scripture.
The wages of sin is show gonna get it ya.
Bro you need to bow while you still got time.
John chapter 3 to the 35 line you need to find.

