ATI Song Lyrics
by Ruslan.


I'M studying all day, I'm studying all night 
Excellent grades - ain't, no absent marks. 
Alright 
Alright Show me what you got 
Work hard every day, many sleepless nights, 
The fruits of my labor call it fast life, 
Fast life, 
Fast life. You should better try 
 
Welcome to the ATI, that's the future's paradise 
The residence of parasites. Never look for a compromise 
Yeah we cook every day. I guess you got appetite 
Cause we're eating any books, call it papers' genocide. 
Mind over matter, study over everything. 
All eyes are settled but sizzling like gasoline 
Thoughts on the future places. We have never been 
If, you feel me, then you got ta. Take my useful recipe. 
Just say i can do it and do what you can 
Close your eyes. You can feel it stop to complain. 
The unique university gives you opportunities, 
To get a job to see the world for rookies like you and me 
See, And don't think that our castle is too small. 
Because a little body, often harbors a great soul. 
And. Don'T think we're talking nonsense that reckless 
Because little pigeons can carry great messages: 
 
Welcome to the ATI. That'S the future's paradise 
The residence of parasites. Never look for a compromise 
Others on the other side. Watching us just get too high 
Could be better. If you would take my words of advice, 
Graduate and take exams, then join us and feel the glory 
Seems it's hard to study there. I know it's pretty pretty boring 
Like. You joined navy army like the soup you're, so abhorring 
“Hard work equals Fast life”, be in this category. 
Go ahead go abroad. Let others envy hate on you, 
Take a chance and work in Hilton accommodations are waiting for you, 
Carry on to carry out into practice in Marriott 
Both get pleasure. You can't measure and a big full of money pot. 
Now tell me how you like it, while I'm still putting commas 
You better wonder I ain't even talking double-diploma 
Join there. This song is brochure going like propaganda, 
Feel, the difficulties that you have never ever handled, 
 
Welcome to the ATI. That'S the future's, paradise 
The residence of parasites, never look for a compromise. 
I, don't know how to summarize no flight, no land, but we're still fly. 
We'Re rolling, dice and dean is nice. Ceo is nice. I rhymed it twice. 
I'M still on the same. Beat. “You better be fast”, that's the only thing they
never asking me: 
I show you the massive hit the varsity like it, and I guess it's gon na be the
blasting thing. 
Ati everlasting thing: all the students, pasted-in 
The nasty capacity, cast a vast glance at it, and masters are blasted they
glance at advance in it 
Masks on the faces we step on the gas. That'S the castle's, rapacity, for
ashing and smashing them. 
We bash education and passion is splashing. I guess that's the best thing: we
pass all the tasks and 
Now just tell me how you feel assess the hard thing we make for free, 
Tourists, aka volunteers willy-nilly, we're the best team 
YEAH. That'S our anthem! Look so crazy! Marilyn Manson 
We make history, take a seat in the hansom of the students that so handsome 
So. You look at the bestest guys. Never look for compromise. 
You'Re! Welcome to the ATI! That'S the future's paradise 
 
All day all night 
Hark Work – Fast Life, 
Fast Life, 
Yeah, 
, 
