Automatic Lyrics
by SwizZz.


Wary of doing good but the love don't stop.
Fully focused, unaffected by the shit they talk.
Or the moves they plot, they're only hanging themselves.
The motivation is misguided out here selling these tales.
I'll let the dust settle down before I get settled in.
The desperation is alarming, you.
were trapped to begin.
Loyal to my bloodline, I don't sit on the fence.
Don't ask me for my opinion, just witness how this shit ends.
So many acts to fulfill, you lost yourself in the hype.
All the shit you attain could disappear overnight.
We ain't budging this was a blessing, they fail to see the connection.

Your image is a confession, you are nothing you type.
Something ain't right, you can't handle the life that you made, huh?
Path that you paved, huh? World still seems gray, huh?
Blame it on Dame, huh? Begging for an escape.
It's obvious you're fucking broken and you're losing your way.

I saw this coming for a long time.
We made it out the rain, ready for the sunshine.
I promise everything's good man, nobody's tripping.
I promise everything's good man, nobody's tripping.
That's automatic *scratching*.

I've always been a savage now it's time to get established.
Families waiting on me, I assure you not to panic.
The support is overwhelming, I take none of it for granted.
Used to overlook the money till the money quickly vanished.
Got to provide when the pressure's applied.
You're quick to open your mouth, how 'bout you open your eyes?
Should be ashamed of your pride, nobody needs you to thrive.
The smoke sitting on the water getting blown to the sky.
This shit is stupid I do it, the differences are apparent.
He put food on your table and we got punished for caring.
Go ‘head, embellish your story, the gay theatrics are corny.
You'll feel the same in the morning.
You really should be embarrassed.
What the fuck do you cherish?
You sold your soul for the fame, huh?
Making a name, huh?
Looking to God to get saved, huh.
Playing the game, huh? Begging for an escape.
It's obvious you're fucking broken and you're losing your way.

I saw this coming for a long time.
We made it out the rain, ready for the sunshine.
I promise everything's good man, nobody's tripping.
I promise everything's good man, nobody's tripping.
That's automatic *scratching*.

