Azztec Lyrics
by Xeezy.

Look.....
Yuh ever be in a party.
&amp; you see this like real hot girl,&amp; she dancing by herself.
But the minute she see you looking at her she starts to switch it up.
&amp; do all kinda freaky ass shit to the point you gotta ask yuhself.....
It's like......

Are you bouncing that ass for free?
Or you bouncing that ass for me?
O you shaking it for ma team....
O I get it,now I see.

YOU GOT THAT ASS GIRL MAKE THAT ASS SHAKE.
YOU GOT THAT ASS GIRL MAKE IT GYRATE.
MAKE IT TWIRL AROUND,I CAN'T ASS-CAPE.
YOU GOT THAT SUPER-ASS,YOU NEED AN ASS-CAPE.

Are you an astrologist?
Are you an astronaut?
Girl yo ass so hot,these other girl's man they ass so not.
You on top,with yo top,don't get me started at yuh bottom.
You got me feeling just like Drake,cause I started at yuh bottom.
NOW WE HERE,NOW WE HERE.
&amp; these other girls can't compare....
I coulda swear they lacking milk,somebody come boost they derriere.
Clearly there.
Jealous,why.....
I dunno,I guess they scared.....
Girl yo ass so freaking fat,even a donkey look at it weird.
You an ASSistant?
Are you an Aztec?
Girl that ass deserves respect!
Girl that ass deserves a rest.
Somebody come get a manger.
That ass mystical like Danger.
Now babygirl shake that ass shake that ass like a salt shaker.
Hot like pepper.....
Do you not expect her.....
To be anything less than her best,nah babygirl don't let up.
Hmmmm.
As yuh get up...yuh picking out yuh getup.
&amp; you ain't gotta be Jamaican,to get yuh groove back like Stellar.
Xpress yuhself girl,you a star.
You got that kinda ass I can't help but see from afar.

Oooooo ooooo gooooo look at bottom,she in serious!

Boy I could handle that.

You stupid or you delirious?
That Bam Bam thick like Molasses.
I think you need yuh glasses.
&amp; is bes you go and play Lotto,that go help increase yuh chances.
....
Make sure &amp; put on,that leggins,when yuh heading out.
Ha all them gal all over town,cah keep your name out them damn mouth.
I swear you ha more shape than a Hexagon,so I sure geh horn.
Cause girl's these days wa secret agents,only dealing vagabonds.
I wanna tag along,just lemme know where yuh going.
And where ever you go,yuh done know,that da bam bam must be showing.
&amp; It glowing,it radioactive,&amp; I going and smash like hulk.
Like that bam bam come wholesale *why* cause it only come in bulk!
Hmmmm.
Wa yuh want......
I'm ma buy it....
Rattans having sale??
Hmmm Why yuh lying......
Girl I'm trying.
No denying.
Yuh ass be flying.
And yuh ass be fine.
I'll be fine once yuh ass be shining like the stars on Orion!
Yuh'z not the chocolate,but I putting gold on yuh finger.
Fellas see ah ass like that and taking yuh to Japs for dinner.

