B boy remix Lyrics
by Zion I.

*Behind vocal samples from foreign movie* 
Zion, I 
Planet As 
Madlib 
Zion. I 
Yo check out the superb tech 
Casinh checks through dialect 
Dope, as the gold around your next 
This is my manuscript to spit lyrics. Like I'm fat, spliff 
I show the whole damn world my gift. 
From pirates to speakin the pawn 
Powerful just like a pawn 
Positioned in the proper placement 
Focused like militants 
Deep in concentrational cabins 
Devise, the secret plan to split atoms, 
I verbalize lust to bust just as dangerous 
As, watchin Mt. Vesuvias erupt. 
Corrupt, your data disk 
From. The super soul powered slums 
Zion I Planet, Asia make it bump bump 
I'm deep off in the trunk, 
SWATS call it crunk 
The fifteen inch woofers make the beat go. Thump 
I, dump clips to pros 
Orrator of goals. 
The chilling is killin us with the illest type flows, 
 
Interlude, 
Ah yeah right about now 
See. What we don't wan na do: 
We, don't wan na do .... Just do shit get up here, 
That's seen and did, and you know, 
Just wearin shit we wore before things like that ya know: 
We come out to give ya a little something different 
Alright we gon na get into a little something like this 
Whenever y'all ready, ... 
Planet Asia, 
Yo yo 
Vocally, blessed to beat you into submission 
I paddle units with pro- from the underside. The train 
Do not touch. I'M high voltage like the third electric 
Emergency phones needed in every tunnel for this murder method. 
You'Re dealin with the armed forces, 
We wave, warmed, torches 
Through the trenches of the onslaughtness 
G up. We up next, I'm an-ticipated 
Post. My plan is to stand behind. My ever line stated 
Delux Aeon Fluxuate/fluctuate, what I pronunciate 

*Life As It Is* baby Zion. I got me flyin high 
My, mind inside music, symbolic to INI, 
This ain't, the Sci-Fi channel, 
We livin legends of the speak freak committee, 
Clash, The Titans through the vinyl 
When. We splash the atlas with the rules of the game, 
We out the old school and came to drop a jewel on your brain yo 
 
Interlude, 2 
Since. We are folks who has this mad passion for observance of music. 
I am the art, 
Beats Or just rap 
We're, going to do something 
That's a little bit different right now, already 
And, as we put it together, you probably be able to dig what we mean 
Zion. I 
My brother hit me on the game 
Said that we original man 
And. We manifested here to spit slang, 
I thought a minute 
And, let it sink deep, like the Titanic. 
We wider than the Ocean of Atlantic 
This, typical, mythical style in the West, is gettin Wild 
I'm chillin like a space upon the Nile 
Reverberatin. Why is you hatin hip hop we creatin 
Across the desert sands. We be bakin 
My melanin, the key to lock rock spots in flocks, 
Off the rugged avenue with my b-boy bop 
It's evolution, toss a pebble at the devil and smile 
I'm rebelling, while propelling freestyles, 
Planet Asia 
From the bottom to the top I made alot of em Drop 
Hip hop's the lifestyle of urban civilians and even cops 
No. It don't stop once again, another classic 
Fantastic rap shit that make y'all MC's wan na practice, 
How to lock shit down like Daddy As 
I blaze mics for days 
Hit. The page like stage then burn sage, 
Then, engage this ain't a phase or some played out. Gimmick 
That's word to Kemet for the fact that most of y'all cats is timid, 
Vivid fuels of the do's and don'ts don't apply 
To the non-compromising Planet As and Zion. I 
Worldwide we're known zones as the chosen few 
Verbal shots. I cypher rhymes to leave holes in you, 
*Cut and scratched* 
Verbal assault --, it's on till the death till we settle the score. Inspectah
Deck
 
