Baby Lyrics
by Questionmark Asylum.


Shallow Jane.
Don't look ayo I don't know your name.
So I refer to you as Sweet Love.
When Sweet Love dropped the books I played the good Samaritan.
Then she looked me up and down to see the income I was wearing.
I said, Shallow baby for my name is ?
She suspected me a hoodlum cause of my dialect and ?
So sorry for the intrusion but don't jump to conclusions.
If the wardrobe I was wearing was influencing but prudent.
I made the pre jokes mental and hesitant to get into.
Casual conversation but the Burger King apron kept causing.
Static in the attic, placing me in the basement.
But I heard from my man she was romantically involved.
But the relationship was faulty between her and her fiancee.
Now, now, now that's exactly why her and I made out.
Contact with the contacts which made me reminisce upon that.
Same old slow song sung slow ya know.

Baby.
Why you loving that nigga?
Hey baby.
You tell me this you tell me that.
You say it's love but hey how do you figure?
Hey baby.
He beat you down until you're black and blue.
You never thought that this would happen to you.
Every night you fight you're having a feud.
He always saying you ain't about....

It's been three weeks prior.

And um, although you felt my flavor.

And last night we made love.

Isn't it true?

And then you sneak out in the PM.

And then he greets you with a slap.

So then the love taps became the love slaps.
And then you come back.

So how could you come and tell anything about devotion.
When your love is weaker than a pack of Koolaid in the ocean.
I know he's your man dear, but yo he ain't your husband.
So just cut the zero baby and roll with the ragamuffin.
and then  that the grass is.

And.

Questionmark Asylum.
Ayo darling look here, if he keeps beating on you and cheating on you, then.
tell me why you rolling with the motherfucker?

Girl.
That's just the way he shows that he cares for me.

Questionmark Asylum.
Oh, oh, so you saying that black eye shows love huh?

Baby.

And while you're touching up in the bathroom.
With an eye black as a raccoon.
And you're staring up in the mirror.
Covering your wounds up with mascara.
Now where your man? Who's your man?
Girl you need to tell your man....

Do do do do do.
It's all because of you.
I'm feeling black and blue.
You went away and now my heart is filled with da da da da.

Oh darling, oh darling, oh dear, oh dear. Look here baby. The next time the.
hugs and kisses turn to punches kicks you need to roll with the Rosta and ?
Ayo Fiss y'all. Digge Doms and ya don't stop.

