Baby Food Lyrics
by SwizZz.


Uh, they provided what I need to set myself apart.
A fucking menace, you couldn't deny it from the start.
I see 'em grinding but it's not reflected in their art.
Guess working hard ain't always working smart.
I keep my head down in these pages, let the silence do the talkin'.
Got my people in my thoughts, I know that everyone is watching.
Ex-girls stalking, new girl awesome.
Fucking on the floor and then we yoga bottom shopping.

Baby tell me not to baby food.
Baby tell me not to baby food.
Baby tell me not to baby food.
Baby tell me not to baby food.

Intoxicated by my dedication to this life.
So many homies turned on me, betrayal has a price.
Revenge is futile, you'll understand what I sacrificed.
You did it first but I'mma do it right.
I keep my stomach full, I'm eating, save that fake shit for you clowns.
Used to swim on Etiwanada, my dad's always held it down.
Yerek' za, hear the sound, valley raised, talk of the town.
I'm killing you niggas got nothing and never will, this summer I'm coming.
around.

Baby tell me not to baby food.
Baby tell me not to baby food.
Baby tell me not to baby food.
Baby tell me not to baby food.

Nothin's expected, they're talkin' reckless and reached their limit.
High off the praise and the couple people that buy the image.
Thought I was finished, you're fuckin' foolish and need to quit it.
Shit's infinite, I got 'em waitin' on every sentence and clinging.
To every post, hangin' on every word.
You never saw this comin' what you witnessed ain't what you heard.
Relax and observe, used to chug it down and then swerve.
Party hoppin' bending the curve, Ry, I'm whippin', just missin' the curb.

Baby tell me not to baby food.
Baby tell me not to baby food.
Baby tell me not to baby food.
Baby tell me not to baby food.

Built the foundation, the silly hatred will quickly fade.
I have no rivals, my fondest idols are in a grave.
We swear we do it for love until we start getting paid.
When bills start stackin', passion's just a phase.
I pour caffeine in my Contigo 'til I'm wired, Avon.
Floating higher, touching planets, smoking green, Draymond.
Flow sweet, cinnabon, veggie burger in a bun.
Top down on PCH cruising, soaking up the sun.
I turn my worries to blessings, taking in all that I question.
What you call love is an obsession, you find yourself by reflectin.
All by myself I am flexin', carving a lane for my section.
I went away but still reppin', just had to change the direction.
I'm jogging through the city, movin', screaming catch up if you can.
Vest strapped, mask on getting this money in the sand.
Damn Matthew, I'm the leader of this band brah.
Best put up a hand brah, I pull up on demand brah.
Back where I started, I'm gettin' used to the journey.
You can assume what you want to, the input doesn't concern me.
Handle the press like I'm Irving, might need a 30 for 30.
Trying to be more consistent, Christmas might come around early.
Worthy, and ready for it all, kicking shit that's off the wall.
Guess it's Showtime Pettis, don't bank on my downfall.
On point like Chris Paul, got it covered like Cliff Paul.
Swizzzle that's a official but I do not miss a call, nah.
Swizzzle that's a official but I do not miss a call, nah.
Swizzzle I'm official you can kiss my fucking balls.

