BackSeat Lyrics
by QuayChronicles.


Lyrics formulated to frame my consciousness.
Actually this my mind from a lost sarcophagus.
Spitting a prophet I saw the future but I loss it.
Let me go and back let me pause it.
When I was just chillin outside in my backseat.
Reminisce over time that I used to blow trees.
Releasin my mind I really miss that feelin.
As the stress float away as the smoke hit the ceiling.
What is life a sick game.
Livin life just to watch the wrong people get fame.
While I grind my life away just to die a pit-stain.
Buried six feet and I'm just another missed grave.

I won't even need ink I'll just bleed.
If I die on this track.
At least We'll know where my hearts at.

Can you see me.
Cause I'm right here in the BackSeat.
Can you see me.
Cause I'm right here in the BackSeat.
Chill in my ride in the BackSeat.
Where I used to blow trees.
Release mind.
Give mine.
Need mine.
Give mine.

Things change when reality is the medicine.
Taken twice daily and bitter taste is unsettlin.
Now I'm stressin grey hairs at 25.
Got me askin how much longer I gotta stay alive.
Job layoffs made my mom sound like Lebron.
Not 4, 5, or, 6, but how she even carry on.
And I ain't no math scholar but I'm workin on figures.
To see that she couldn't retire from workin at Dillard's.
Seein fam manage make a grown man weep.
That weight alone can make anyone lose sleep.
Couple melatonin help me black out at night.
I can't dream that mean I'm doin this struggle right.
When them demons used to visit me.
I meant that last line all types of literally.
Believe or not I'm just lookin for a purpose.
When my only fear is turning out less than worthless.

Lord I pray I never go to hell.
But if I do let be for somethin real.
Let it be my soul burn just because my heart turned.
Towards wrong way to get the right things earned.
These means to reach them ends.
To be free and not slave to them rims.
Jay Z now what it take to be him.
Let my moment of clarity just sink in.
9 to 5 is how to I ain't tryna survive.
I'm tryna live it to the limit and love it a lot.
Mic skills that might will poison my body.
And not praying to a God but praying Gotti.
D'evils could leave you with no people.
And ease you to ill fino with no sequel.
Don't wanna die with a pocket full of lint.
But what's a dollars in this life if ain't made sense yet.

