Back Again Lyrics
by Tyler Thomas.


I'M always mobbin' with he same muthafuckers, 
Same niggas. I trusted 
Same little bucket ‘least. I ain't got ta bus, it 
Paint Job cool, but the hub. A little busted 
And that thang old as fuck. I think it came with a musket 
Names. You discussin' the real niggas, disgusted 
Bitter lil nigga. You can catch me ear. Hustlin' 
Flame in the fussin peel rains, like they onions, 
Hoes, claim that the deep as the Hudson 
Then tell me something Bitch. I, though so 
You can hold this dick, but not no convo. 
Reachin' in my pocket got me thicker than a poncho 
Crack from my tonsils til, I'm the head, honcho 
How, the fuck you finna be fly without launch code, 
Got a dream bigger than my ego span. 
Niggas' thought that I was crazier than a cee-lo jam. 
Posted up talking' shit about some G4 plans. 
A nigga could't pay the bill on his G4 plan 
I'm a high ass nigga with some high ass thoughts, 
Eatin high fat food with my high ass broad 
Blow, an eighth with my niggas that my high ass brought 
And drive slow hopin'. I don't get my high ass caught: 
So whats, the dealy tho nappy fade chin like a billy, goat 
Hungry and I'm faded. My niggas askin', a dinner quote 
You know the little bucket like a beamer when I'm in it, though 
I'm ridin' dirty tags been expired for a minute, though 
Fuck it. With my finger out the window lookin' ratchet 
With a couple of the homies that i tend to act, an ass with 
Usually, I'm not the type of nigga that behavin' 
Like, I'm missin' home trainin' 
But Tonight, I'm lookin' basic 
Whores in contortion. The way I be switchin' faces 
It's amazing how da liquor turn a angel into satan. 
Now we makin' moves Just to make do seems like the only time we pray to
Jesus when the bills due 
 
Back, again Weed spillin' on my lap again 
Drinkin' Kool-Aid from tap again 
Back, Again Feds lookin' at my cap, again 
Black again, 
Back again Weed spillin' on My lap again 
Drinkin' Kool-Aid from tap again 
Back Again Feds lookin' at my cap, again 
Black again, 
 
Just, a funky little nigga, puffin' reefer 
Smoke inside your hoodie. Had you lookin', like the Reaper 
Kickin'. It like FIFA to a Mona, Lisa 
You like to boogie to the rhythm of your own speakers, 
Thrown Heater with a low Caesar 
How, you doin' it's nice to meet ya 
My cousin, comin home with more stripes than four zebras 
I have a blunt rolled on top Of some new sneakers 
A bottle of some liquor just so you can wet your beak up 
That's. All I can afford, though 
We bigger now wish. I has the dough to get you 
Like Money Mitch when you gettin' out 
Got'em. Now, rather we have'em 
When ya ends low. You found out that family has you 
When the wind blow you find out the family gathers 
And when ya wins low. You find out that family matters 
But for real Uncle V miss you. We been goin fishin', 
Drinkin' tryin', to help him fill the void, but he miss his baby boy, 
 
Back, again Weed spillin' on my lap again 
Drinkin' Kool-Aid from tap again 
Back, Again Feds lookin' at my cap, again 
Black again, 
Back again Weed spillin' on my lap. Again, 
Drinkin' Kool-Aid from tap again 
Back Again Feds lookin' at my cap again 
Black again
 
