Back From Hell (Remix) Lyrics
by Run-D.M.C..


Yo 
Once again 
From the dephts of hell, 
Run-D.M.C 
Yo, Jam-Master J-J-Jay in the house, 
And y'all take this 
 
 *Jam-Master Jay cuts, up* 
, 
I'm comin back from hell, a jail cell tells no tales, 
The walls, the floors, the blinds it never fails. 
To catch a little butt from a inmate's head; 
So, sorry for you, sucker see ya: sissy you're dead, 
Another, rolled-over, casket tisket, a tasket 
This ain't; no thanks to the pussy-ass bastard 
Easy for another man to laugh at his face 
Like. I said his head to bed. Another dead, inmate 
Raw to the bone and killed him for the phone 
Mommy's only son, but left his mama alone. 
The last words: he heard Your time is up the result. 
Caught back around his naked face cut to a pulp. 
Never knew he'd go to jail, doin murder and he fell 
 and comin back from hell, 
 
, .., 
 
Back from hell 
But. I still smell the same old shit. 
From, the lower level 
Ice Cube'll beat the shit out. The devil. 
Nothin changed still down with the P.E. son 
But. Now I'm raising hell with Run 
Nearly gettin done from the sawed off shotgun 
Pressin. They luck didn't duck. I hauled off and socked one 
Don't laugh hoes cause I'm down with The Afros. 
Ice Cube ain't, The Mack, but I have hoes 
JMJ drop the hammer 
And. I kick grammar 
That's, mackaframalama 
Had to ask D.M.C. and the 40oz. Crew 
What's it all about on the avenue 
He said Come see, gave me a swig of Olde E 
Then. I had to pee upon a tree: 
A nigga got shot by a dopefiend 
Snort down my dick and unbottoned on my jeans. 
Then, the fuckin Lench Mob had to get mean 
Did a drive-by in the middle of Queens. 
Hot shells hit the ground. 
People stood around all the niggas that I clowned 
Jumped on a plane cause it never fails. 
Ice Cube is a muthafucka goin back to hell, 
 
Back up. They can never keep a good man down 
Of course. We don't fuck around 
You, don't know what I mean. 
Don'T mistake us for the Tragically Hip 
Cause, we're born with the trigger lip 
Here's, a story about the devil, 
And the rebel in the middle of a battle 
With, a crew that grew around the avenue. 
This devil was a federal judge who delivered us. Justice 
Just us up the river, but 
I'm not alone, and no one is his name up against 
Cause he's been runnin the hoes and the drug thing. 
I know he fought and runnin court pusher of the button. 
Talkin mo' shit, but sayin nothin. Now 
Cause he's seein. The faces he saw, sit-packin, 
Hardcore and all black and 
Raw, and you can tell 
No matter how loud he yell he ain't, leavin, hell 
 
Back from hell. Now a nigga, like D, starts yellin 
No, sellin out no tellin who's, sellin 
Word to the 90s rebels. Still rebellin 
Cube Run and Chuck 
Lyrics that I kick might just get me into pee and shit 
That, I'm not with, and critics can get the diddick 
Hits comin crazy trips for the gravy 
Played me paid me little lady laid me 
Doooowwnnn to the dephts of heeeellllll 
Now here we go and once again 
We're back from hell, so tell a friend 
For, all of you who thought we're through 
I'm, a full-fledged member of the Hollis Crew 
I bust, a nine or a rhyme or two 
You know. I grew up on 
I'ma sip on some brew. With my crew, 
We was gettin, illy 
Niggas came through actin silly 
One punk starts to yell 
2 shots. Then his man fell. 
He didn't know that Hollis Ave. was hell. 
Don'T. Tell me you ain't with this 
You think I fell Chump, that is ridiculous, 
You missin lyrics of the microphone king. I grip 
Figure this but yo. This is nigga shit, 
Black, I.P.'s, MC's, wanna-be's, 
Macaroni and cheese. Only phoney MC's 
Play the role and always try to cook up 
I got tunes room that I took up 
Oh. Well, you know I still dwell 
Go and tell everybody that I'm back from hell, 
 
Drop it on em D, 
, 
