Back Someday Lyrics
by Sway UK.

Ed Sheeran &amp; The Boxettes.
You wake me up, just to keep me down.
Stuck in a rush, I'll never feel again.
Whispering is all I hear.
When I fall, will you take my weight?
And chances are I'll be back someday.
Dreams never go away.

Pocket money Mummy said go get it from her purse.
Now that I'm older and I get it I'ma get it for her first.
Not to disrespect my Dad he had me ironing his shirts.
Taught me to always increase it and only get it ‘cause I work.
Play it safe with them in the club, they say all they want is security.
So the ladies crack the dress codes so pound notes can sing in key.
The hymn sheet providing he actually is a he.
With a vision to be rich like Branson sees it vividly.
Even if it's not by the book he's going in, lost his virginity.
Leading by Example like Elliot,.
He's got that Billie Jean.
But he don't wanna be starting something, that's gonna end up in misery.

When Mike said make that change, he took it literally.
Now he's staring at the man in the mirror tell him to mirror me.
You've gotta take a drop to be uplifted.
See, he ended up making that real change, spiritually.
They ask me why the rap.
Let me break it down for you so simply.
T-h-e R-a-p y? Guess it's my therapy.

At a surprise party, instead of feeling surprised.
You're more pissed to find your loved ones are capable of lies.
Growing up everyone of us had something to hide.
Cursing in the playground using words we wouldn't say 'round our parents.
Couldn't see us F and blind, de-tension in my own worlds got me feeling behind.
Asking questions.
If you never saw angels in pictures how would you perceive them then?
And if thirteen's an unlucky number what about Jesus then?
He walked with 12 disciples on arrival how many do you see of them?
So many superstitions could be following a lie, and we follow in a line.
So far back can't see who's leading them.
Some say that they believe but many don't read what they're believing in.
The show is never over ‘till Tony sings in soprano telling us to breathe again.
Giving birth to any idea my mind conceives again I'm here to raise points.
Even if you don't agree with them.
Some people are saying that men came from apes.
Many disagreed and a priest said Amen ‘cause if men came from apes then why.
did the monkeys stay the same then?
Some scientists they lie and twist religions try to say.
You know so much about the sky why don't you try and make it rain then?
My moral is don't judge a stranger before you judge yourself.
If you love everything around you then you'll love yourself.
See I believe we're one you don't agree then you can, wake me up.

