Bad Day Lyrics
by Unorthodocks.

Unorthodocks.
I can't live a life that's short of perfect.
Immortal status, I'm more emphatic and sure to murk it.
Sure 57 automatically short a circuit.
The crowd goes bezzerk as shorty twerk it, I'm sipping on forty ounces.
And bagging up forty grams as I'm cancelling on my counselors.
Withdrawn from all August classes, you know how how long his ass has.
Been waiting to get on a song and to spazz and simply smash it.
?
I'm asking rhetorically, I'm historically underrated.
My rhetoric is ahead of it's time and it's undebated.
Some of them undecided and some of them understated.
Unorthodocks overstand that its just a game they created.
A game that we played as children, thinking we'd be chill when.
We know that we won't get laid off and payed off all of the building.
But until then... I'ma just make the best of it.
I could've been born without a voice, so I know I'm blessed to spit.
Cop some sess to hit to fill this pit in my chest.
I'ma pay homage to pioneers and shit on the rest.
I got way too much shit on my plate to just sit at a desk.
And to much intellect to ever check how I did on a test.
I slid after freshman year, just.
to sit on the block.
Now cut to two years later, now this fucking shit is on lock.
Couldn't have planned it any better, throw the eggs in the basket.

If you still don't know the name just hit the bodega and ask, kid.

I'm tackling the percussion.
Like JaDeveon when I'm rushing, the competition I'm crushing.
Leaving your crushes blushing with orange crush in the Dutch and.
I'm clutching this microphone killing anything that I'm touching.
Spit bars with the tightest tension, that shit that you might have mentioned.
To grab you homies attention and notice the slight accession.
Reveal the brightest dimentions, induce the slightest dementia.
With what I write with this pencil, I fucking fuck up your mental.

Take rappers that sentimental and shit on his instrumental.
But....
I'm on a bad day, you really can't tell.
I know I make the type of music that you can't sell.
Who cares if my grants swell, so long as I rant well.
I'll be on the west coast, chilling out with Chantel.
It's been a long day but en chante.
It'd be the wrong way to not finish it with a strong J.
Bombay Sapphire, twist and lit mad fire.
Mr. Spit Quagmires, kiss the fist; admire.
Couldn't block son's shine with an iron awning.
I got a million and one styles and a booth to try them on in.
While y'all can just cry about it or better yet emulate it.
I ain't the one assimilating, I been down with this art.
From the first second I remember, finally now I'm part.
Of what I love and live, I'm above these kids with their temper tantrums.
That's still tripping bout MTV only plays stripper anthems.
I'm over it, I got over it when I was twelve B.
You worship DOOM but know nothing of fucking El-P.
And still expect me to listen of what you're trying to tell me?
Alright well tell me, ayo I'm all ears.
Why is that I've been hearing your name all year.
Who gave you the all clear and lit the green light.
For you to spit the bullshit rhymes and shit on teen plight?
Just give me time and date cuz I'm hitting a cheap flight.
Cuz knowing cat's like you exist's the reason I don't sleep at night.
They say that they're deep and tight, I just say that they're pussy rappers.

I'm snapping on whippersnappers right after this snap of doja.
The rapid attack smacker, my rap slap is explosive.
I'm dabbing up fatter doses and battered batter Mendozas.
Decapitate faggot rappers that rap about swag attrocious.
You had a fad and it's over cuz no one can feel it sober.
I'm like Homer with zones, feel.
it deep in your chromosomes.
Docks known to leave heads flown, make a tyrant disown his thrown.

While sporting a thorny crown as I'm spitting like forty rounds.

Til you hit the ground and your breathing sound like accordion sounds.
Then give your shorty a pound and throw your thrown off the balcony.
To let it be known then leave your.
mind blown with this alchemy.
Lot of lames got it out for me, got a dame and her houses key.
Probably could bag your baby right after she cop an ounce from me.
So bounce with me, anouncing the U to the O is back.
Wack pseudo emcees brains explode when I flow to tracks.

