Bad Manners (Ill Manors Freestyle) Lyrics
by Sway UK.

Yeah, bad manners.

Listen. Lately I've had the strangest dreams.
Plus I got money on my mind before I sleep.
So you can blame the cheese.
Gangsta rap, I've never claimed to be.
Wake up and brush my teeth.
And that's about the only time I aim and squeeze.

You heard Ill Manners now you're listening to Bad Manners.
Back on attack, the kid with the British bandanas.
Going up the ladders on a board full of black-adders.
Put on me a beat I'm going black...cameras.
New David of rap..Cameron.
But the only thing I'm Downing is cans.
In a party by myself its going down in the cans.
It's time to Level Up.
I never doubted the fans.
And just like Ben I've got Plan's.
Raised in a Ill Manor.
But we all have a choice.
Even if the motherf*cks got their back to us.
Sing louder, we all have The Voice.

All the kids hate politics.
But do you vote?
Nobody stopping one of us from running.
On or off track.. U. Bolt.

Yeah, the kid's back up in the play ground.
Tell a bully to pick a place, I bring the plague round.
Wanna be stopping from chopping this paper.
Your barking up the wrong tree, stay down.
I never rose from a bed of roses.
I'm from the roads so if you ain't rollin'.
You're getting laid down.
On the come up I was never on the covers.
Face it - I've got the whole city covered - Capetown.

I'm going in with a catalog I'm knee deep.
Tell 'em it ain't over till they send it.
The other day I appeared on Free Speech.
Thought it was another late show until it trended.
#YesSway, splendid.
Retweet, mentions.
Date of Delieverance is TBC.
But its definitely coming this year..pending.

Everyone telling me I got a killer flow.
I kinda know but better keep the braggin' to a minimal.
An animal, 'cos when I hear the beat it's kinda criminal.
For me to let it breath, I pick the mic up and I kill 'em off.
Chilling in the spotlight, telling people 'em to get 'em up.
Rappers are getting jealous, telling promoters to get him off.
They said I've got a second pair of lungs.
All my competition are getting air but I just can't get enough.
Still lyrical even after I sped it up.
And anybody getting in my path.
Is getting written off.
I do it like the video.
It's all getting lighten up.
If we ain't putting Britain on the map then we're kicking off...

I need water.

