Badass Lyrics
by Yungstar.

Uhhhhhhhhh badass lil' boy, 
, 
He's, a badass badass little boy; 
Throwed, yung, playa, slangin, candy, red toy 
He's; a badass badass little boy; 
Throwed, yung, playa, slangin, candy, red toy 
He's; a badass badass little boy; 
Throwed, yung, playa, slangin, candy, red toy 
He's; a badass badass little Boy, 
Throwed yung, playa, slangin, candy, red toy 
, 
Haha ain't, nobody as bad as me: man 
I'm, a badass little boy, haha, 
, 
Lil, Flex, 
Post it up on the corner with more cheese than Ritz 
Eatin, scrambled eggs and grits 
Watchin hoes do splits 
Fly bitch with Tits try to fit in my mix 
Shit, you think I'm bad! Now. You should have seen me at 6 
At the age of 11. I was breakin into houses, 
Stealin games, pocket change, stickin dick in yo spouses, 
Sellin crack smokin sacks on a day to day basis. 
About failed junior high and got kicked out of Hastings 
Serve places on the cool. I'M a goddamn fool, 
Inquiring, minds, wan na know why you treat us so cruel, 
Cause, I'm bad to the bone. I act young, but I'm grown 
18 with my own home. I'M the king on the throne, 
Me and Fee blown tree in the back of the lobby. 
3 strikes 2 assults and a third degree robbery. 
You heard what they said. I'M a badass boy 
Southwest in Houton Texas. You got ta feel that boy, 
, 
Lil Flex, 
I walk the halls like malls. I role cigars, like stars 
When the bell ring for lunch. I return to my car 
Beep beep goes. My pager 911 must be major 
Check, my wallet for a condom. That'S my bitch! Maybe later 
Should I go and smash her stuff or shoot some hoops at the gym 
Go report to the principle's office. That wasn't me that was him 
All lunches, I'm there shiny pieces that glare 
My shoes be Nike Air. I got ta get me a pair 
Positioned boppers by lockers. Just can't keep comin with them. Choppers 
I rip my dockers. They look gay huh, but I'm the young Betty, Crocker 
Who's bad with 2 pistols, got a mouth full of crystal 
Runnin from the security guards. While they are blowin their whistle 
Skipped a week of detention and got 3 days, suspension, 
Referal read. Failure to comply Flex would not pay attention. 
A lot of people say I'm good, but I look very sneaky 
Come here little girl, you seem like the type that'd be freaky 
, 
Cookie, 
Oh girl. Look at him he's a badass boy, 
Watch him slang in the lane. With his candy red toy, 
I bet you've never seen a throwed playa like him 
When. We together, we like Biggie and that girl, Lil', Kim 
For every badass boy. There'S a badass girl 
Hop in and let me take you on a trip to my world. 
My name is Cookie: I've never been a rookie 

Lil' James 
UH. Oh Think fast. Here come Lil' James' badass 
Smashin, the gas smokin grass playin on the Dreamcast 
Playin music. To confuse, but don't choose to blow my fuse 
Unless. You want bad news cause. I refuse to loose 
When. I make my own rules, I'm grabbin my tools, 
Wreckin crews, with no clues. I'M a fool on the cool 
They stay on the mash, quick to tip right past 
Leave, a splash break them off showin nothin, but ass 
 
I'm, a badass nigga! That'S why they call me Big, Tetta 
That's, why I'm shakin up every puck cause? My Benz is better 
Man, I'm slidin past as I go 
Sippin on 40's women tarin off my clothes 
Man Lil' Flex, why they wan na plex 
Standin on the corner and holdin two tits 
Badass badass little boy, 
Badass, badass little boy, 
Badass, badass little boy, 
Who's, bad 
 
