Badu Lyrics
by 3rdiiiUth.


Go against the Uth's foolish: don't do this 
Move, don't spit. In my presence. 
Add up my weapons got 
Campus' and towns, locked down 
Government status out of habit, 
With caskets matted 8 feet for the masses 
Tragic for these ABC rhymers 
Lead up's and punch liners 
I'm. Finding it ironic with ebonics 
Chronic emcees can't achieve 
Honestly no competition when I'm mentioned 
It's business 
I'll rectify their minds in time. They'Re risen, 
But, they're, driven 
To. What'S hot, like Bugatti engines, 
Got parties claiming they're thinking sharply with 3rd eye visions. 
If, it's reigning. True then, this ain't aimed at you 
It's for the ones that take that concept and they run 
The Native Tongues, should be ashamed of you 
Nothing to the cause. The Zulu Nation is appalled 
Peace to the Gods in charge, 
Pull their card dog they're frauds, 
Sat back. Let them rap on my field. 
But, it's a skill and missed grapples. Were the deal 
So now they're playing my squad 
 
One day, all them bags gon' get in your way. 2X 
I said.., 
 
Niggas, acting like they shouldn't, know. 
Wouldn'T know delusional 
If. They thinking niggas wasn't'bout to blow 
Now. Here we go 
For my team, I'm Tom Brady mixed with Tracy McGrady 
Keep, an eye out so play shady 
Watch. How slim get crazy 
Said it's the 5'9 ill nigga 
Seen vintage, Tommy, Hilfiger 
Got me feeling? Oh so comfy 
Understand that women love me 
Telling me they wan na fuck me 
And. They say I'm lso, lucky 
Cause. They usually not. This kinda girl 
Never been inside this kinda world 
And. I don't want no babies 
So, you know I stay wit: condoms girl, 
Deadly, the disease 
Make, a instrumental freeze, 
You can open doors with keys, 
Well the pump busted it with ease peacefully 
Now bitch, don't speak to me, 
Groupie bitches infatuated with our higher living 
Doom centered. I'M a cold MF'er, 
Middle fingers when I txt her 
Madvillainy 
 Wan na kill off my family like the Kennedy's 
 
King poetic too much flavor, I'm major 
Few gon' get it too much layers for majors 
Listen to our music on blast, 
While sittin in class 
Given. We, the wickedest clash since the British band 
Kid, isn't average 
Grip steel and get active 
Pealing. They caps and flip they duckbills backwards. 
Your mind's captive, 
Mine's riding the passage and doin backflips 
Ain't impressed by stacked cabbage 
Sad, but it's true. 
Baddest crew had to be Uth. 
Don'T get embarrassed by the masses cause you had to be cool, 
And don't be carried in a casket just for acting a fool 
Passionate, so I picked grabbing Macs over grabbing a tool 
I'm out for capitol and advancing the spans of your mind, 
Expanding my time using The only eye - that's divine 
Let's murk the Capitol and laugh in they face when they ask why 
I'm surprised we let so many attacks just pass by 
It's sad, but you can't cry homie 
I'll be fine. As long as I got my lines on me. 
I'Ll, do that time, 
If a military draft catch me imma, be locked, then 
Uth youngin with locks rare for me, finding cop friends, 
 
So. If I toss a Molotov, then we start a revolution right 
Light. This bitch up 
Yeah, you fuckin' with the Uth tonight, 
No more hands outs. You fuckin', with the champs now 
How we stand out, is like a group clowns in a bland crowd. 
Working, since the birth of this 
We sound the way they can't sound 
If, we catch them with that ran mouth 
Then. It'S man down 
So. If you planning on talking shit, you should stand down 
Same shit. We been about sounding like fads. 
Now we'bout that 
We down under like outback 
Where your mouth at 
Catch, it running, don't get off track. 
The Uth coming soon, 
So make room for the hottest collective 
Make, our own shit. So you got ta respect us. 
 
You are now a witness 
To, the Uth's reentrance, to the rap game. 
So. Please just listen, 
Get ready to hear vengeance, 
Took a break boy, but now I'm back at it 
Dammit. I still got it. 
Living lavish slinging veggies 
Just to increase my cabbage 
My girl cute in the face and her ass is the fattest 
And. When she ready come, get it baby. I let you have it 
Smoking strains: that'll, have your ass on another planet, 
And, contrary to popular belief, 
We refuse to make trap rap to get hot in the streets, 
We underground with it 
That shit that will make ya. Think 
More substance than sound ya. Hear me. 
You'Ll miss something if you blink 
Dropping jewels, my nigga 
3rdiii be the missing link 
And. If you can my nigga 
Don't ever step to the team, 
You gon' get yammed my nigga 
Fuck 12. They can catch me if they can. My nigga 
I'm, the man nigga 
With, the plan, my nigga 
 
No, subtweeting 
My sleeping, is uneven, 
Don't preach when the one's speaking 
Or creeping on one's features 
Blunt in between my pointer and thumb. 
Can'T deny it's implied: 
We the glorious ones, 
Got a mountain view, 
I'm. Looking from the shore to the sun 
Smoking dope, because the struggle weighing more than a ton, 
Medicated and heavily meditated 
That gold piece on my wrist is a result from hella payment 
If, it is important to you, 
My nigga, you better say it 
Or get caught in The mist 
Cause, the Nimbus is better faded. 
This is for all my niggas who hustle 
But never made it 
And all the ones: creative, but heavily regulated, 
This heavy metal, Megatron 
Hustling'til I'm dead and gone 
Put it on my soul. 
That. You haters can't make a better song 
Smooth as ever 
Cause the dude is leather 
Lets, get high and find some shit. We can do together. 
Uth
 
