Ballad Of The Broken WordGive The People Their Right 14to Vote! Lyrics
by Sweet Honey In The Rock.


No taxation.
Without representation!
Two hundred years of exploitation.
In the capital of this nation!
No representation!
In the capital of this nation.
Two hundred years of exploitation.
Give the people their right to vote!
Someone asked me, was it true?
The voting rights of the District were long overdue?
They couldn't believe it when I said, Ayes!
And then I said, Ayou ain=t heard nothing yet.
We are based in Washington, DC.

Almost six hundred thousand strong.
Have been exploited much too long.
Inadequate power over our own affairs.
And national issues for which we care.
No votes in Congress, the Senate, the House.
No state delegation, no representation.
We pledge allegiance, Amy country tis of thee.
Fight in wars, pay taxes in this country.
Provide work and services for the government.
We get no vote, but our money is spent.
You may wonder, how in the world can this be?
I thought we lived in a democracy.
The US constitution gives equal protection.
Check the 14th amendment to make this connection.

In 1787 the US constitution was ratified.
US Congress won the power to exclusively exercise.
In all cases, legislation.
Over the future capital of this nation.
In 1790, selection of the District site began.
Using a piece of Virginia and a piece of Maryland.
Forming the District of Columbia, or Washington, DC.
But the people kept on voting in their former states, you see.
In 1800, Congress took control of DC.
Ended representation for the whole community.
In the history of this country you=ll find the reason why.
And even in a new millennium, they want this law to apply.
In 1846, the portion of DC.
From Virginia decided to retrocede.
It was returned to the original state line.
Alexandria and Arlington came after this time.
In 1871, an elected delegate with no vote.
Was created for the House of Representatives - no joke!
DC was given territorial government that year.

Representation remained an issue, do you hear?
In 1874, financial troubles arise.
The position of nonvoting delegate meets its= demise.
The territorial government that was given to DC.
Was taken back by Congress at this point of history.
In 1970, the House brings the position back.
Years of civil rights activism brought pressure with no slack.
A step in the right direction brought the people so much joy.
And the man in this position, was Walter Faunteroy.
In 1978, Congress finally said okay.
To the DC Voting Rights Act, but not right away.
If approved within seven years with no hesitation.
DC would be granted full representation.
In 1985, our hopes were really, really high.
We knew that they should not let this bill die.
All we needed was approval of thirty eight states.
But only sixteen states would support our case.
In 1993, the District made a giant step.
Congresswoman Eleanor Holmes Norton worked hard to get.
A DC Vote on the House floor, which Congress did approve.
But when Republicans came to power, the decision was overruled.

Now, I'm sure you are wondering what can be done?
There are at least four ways that this fight can be won.
Some suggest we retrocede as a part of Maryland.
Become a city or county in that state once again.
Or a new law could pass with a Congressional vote.
DC residents would be counted in the Maryland vote.
For Federal elections, census taking - without retroceding back.
This would leave our residency in tact.
Or, Congress could pass another law for DC.
Like they did in 1800 when they took over totally.
For more than five hundred reasons they treat us like a state.
And adding another reason, should not a problem create.
This would give us two US Senate seats.
And the census would determine the number of House seats.
Preferably, DC would be the 51st state.
We'd have a seat in the House and two in the Senate - it=s not too late!!
Democracy is what we want!
Voting rights are what we need!
Tell your Congress person, it=s time to take heed!
Democracy is what we want!
Voting rights are what we need!
Tell your Congress person, it=s time to take heed!

