Ball Lyrics
by Z-Mane.


Ok, we fresh up in this thang, flexin' in this thang.
Polo down to our feet, dressed to impress up in this thang.
Ballin' outta control, nigga, we on a roll.
Wanna come chill wit us, shawty? You gots to pay the toll.
Now lil mama's booty gotta nigga like wow.
She shakin' it so fast, all I'm able to do is smile.
Shawty be gettin down, man, I just might have to pound.
Yeah, she already know what's going down in D-Town.
Now lil mama said that she down to cut.
Me and my niggas is, too, so if you down, whassup?
See, I'm a young balla and he's a young balla.
You put us both together, it's gon' be on and poppin'.

This club so packed, these hoes so drunk.

I gotta model, gotta bottle, gotta party,.
and we bout to ball!
Ball.
I gotta model, gotta bottle, gotta party, and we bout to ball!

Girl, you look good, won't you back that thang up?
Cause a nigga like Z wanna smack that thang up.
Do it for OKC, doin' it for the D.
Do it for the Royalty, and I do it for me.
Ok, now ballin' is a hobby, these niggas can't stop me.
We military minded, just ask Mr. Trotman.
Watch me, every single summer, man, I drop heat.
If you don't know what time it is, just look where the clock be.
Ok, it's Royalty Gang 'til I'm dead and gone.
You other niggas sit back and eat your kettle corn.
Yeah, we ball till we fall, nigga, we so raw.
Shawty, act right, you might take one to the jaw.

Armyboy Talking.
Yeah, Z!
We ball or what?
Let me tell them about it real quick.

Hold up, hold up, my flow ain't generic.
Hold up, hold up, I see them all starin'.
Hold up, hold up, they know I'm so rare.
And if that girl gotta problem, I'm a solve her  like Erin.
Yeah, we in it, though, in it, though,.
Army is a criminal.
I'm killing all these beats and then I tell yo girl get physical.
She with it, though, I'm all in, Royal.
City steady ballin.
Yo rhymes, so foul, me, I'm doin' this right now.
Kill em all like pow pow, better throw in.
that towel now.
And this club we light it up, they can't seem to get enough.
Its me n Z, we ok, I'm talkin' status and where I stay.
Since it began I had the crown, like.
burnin' buildings, it's goin down.

Oh, kimosabi, big ballin' is my hobby!

Now, let me see you drop it low like Ester Dean.
If I ain't seein' nothing shakin', you ain't seein' the green.
Now gon' pop it for Army, gon' pop it for Z.
Gon' pop it for the whole crew, then bring it back over to me.
Headin' to the east side, that's where Sulphur's at.
Me and my dogs, yeah, we chasin' for some Sulphur cats.
Watch them girls get down on the flo', on the flo'.
Do it like some real money makin' pros, you know.
Ok, we ballin like Durant, LeBron, Kobe, and Rose.
Everybody got their cameras out, time to make a pose.
Put it on Instagram, yeah, we doin' it big.
All we ever do is ball, yeah, you know what it is.

