Baller Please Lyrics
by Z-Ro.


I wan na be a baller, please 
But, the bitches and the liquor keep on calling me 
, 
Z-Ro 
I, wonder if I'm blessed cause I'm still here 
And. I wonder if heaven's any different cause in hell, the blood spill hits 
Got a nigga fiending for his last breath, 
Too many of my partnas beneath me because a bitch made nigga blasted 
Too many features in songs. Tell me why I ain't got no home. 
Penitentiary grown cause. I roam with a pocket full of stones. 
I wan na live my life, but my life ain't worth the living 
Cause. While I'm dreaming about a Benz, even a houpe ain't driven 
Headed for prison, but mama, I'm alright with that 
Strapped down with a shank in my tank hit niggas all night with that 
And it ain't, no love left fuck. All of my foes and friends, 
Motherfuckers. Don'T fuck with Ro unless that nigga be rolling in ends, 
I need to wake up instead of day dreaming about holding a slab 
Like being in love with a woman that you could never have 
Witness the feeling punished by pain. Looking for shelter from the rain 
People like W double O-D, I'm going against the grain 
Hey to my niggas in Ridgemont 4 y'all can kiss my ass 
Anybody, who ever said they was down with me, can kiss my ass 
I done dumped on motherfuckers what they gon Do for me, 
Out of town on stage, nobody from the hood in the crowd to root for me 
Suppose to be my people, but I think my people is the devil 
Fuck. My peers cause I'm on another level, 
On my knees screaming Jesus. Can you save me? 
My shit's so fucked up. I wonder if you thought about me lately 
And it hurt so deep, a nigga can't sleep, making me late night creep, 
Suicidal thoughts. I think I'm ready, plus it's fucking with me. 
Would I be missed by these bitch niggas. These fakes and frauds 
Fiending for baby cause. She know she got my heart 
Even though it's torn apart. It'S pumping out nothing but love for you. 
And to my niggas, keep your disses. I got slugs for you, 
I shed blood for you, but I'm not appreciated 
The. Only nigga that never hesitated 
And it ain't more hollering out my roll dog's name on tape; 
Unless, it's fuck you and in front of it, followed up by a K, 
No more hollering out my roll dog's name on tape; 
Unless, it's fuck you and in front of It followed up by a K, bitch 
 
Big T 
Balling out of control, sitting swoll on 4's 
Paint, so wet that my clothes stick to the do' 
Oh. No, it's Big T 

On a muddy cup man hol' up 
And. If your bitch choose, then you shit out of luck, 
I'ma send her ass home broke and well fucked 
And. She kinda walk funny cause. The bitch was well stuck 
When. I ain't have shit y'all boys talk down. 
Like, you didn't know, T everytime. I came around 
Now when you hear me: I'ma put you on stall 
And, don't say nothing when you see me in the mall 
I got ta get my cash in these H-Town streets, 
Presidential Records and your boy, Big T 
I know I got ta, get it cause. I wan na be a baller, please 
But, the bitches and the liquor keep on calling me yeah 
 
