Banana Clipper Lyrics
by Run the Jewels.


I move with the elegance of an African elephant 
I presented the evidence
eloquent as the president 
Evident is. The emphasis 
I deserve me a championship 
But before I banana clip
I'mma chill. So my man can rip 
 
Little man against Hellion, with the heart of an orphan 
I, got the words of a murderer and an eye for distortion. 
You. Take a slice of my portion I'll. Take a piece of your profit. 
I drive at illegal speeds, Keep an O.Z in my pocket. 
 
We run the jewels in
your town, a quarter
pound on my person, 
I'm known for pounding the stage I'm talking burning and cursing 
Producer gave me a beat said it's the beat of the year. 
I said: El-P. Didn'T do it so get the fuck outta here 
 
You wan na hang bring your throat. I got stools and a rope. 
I'Mma slang, pope 
haranguing the land with a man's flow 
A new edition to the art of the old code, 
That's fully retarded
and put a part in your bold dome: 
 
Ay El 
We, the villains, we
antagonist bad guys. 
Mercy me merciless me putting pain in they sad eyes. 
It'S time for Skywalker talk cause meet the true Darth Vader 
I hit your mom in'03 
but, a G ain't ate her 
So baby boy. You should tighten up and show some respect. 
Before. I Melvin on you Jody put my arm on your neck 
Or. Worse yet be the reason your girl want a divorce 
Be at your crib, with your kids saying fuck, your fort 
Lil' nigga, 
 
The style is radiation leak at Mile Island 
Also known as Chernobyl. Talk: listen for the sirens 
For, the green, I'm a hoarder you're, the poor, distorter 
Sorta, morbid sonnin', these fuckin' whoredome explorers, I'm bored 
Enough of your bummy shit. It'S numb to the core sure 
You suck a good dick for the fame and couldn't resist getting played. 
I fuck, like I'm, headed to war, I'm really not playing no games. 
But tag me, god, damn it
I'll kill. The carrier mentions my name 
 
Hey, I'm a soldier of fortune a mercenary on, beat 
I'm merciless I'll torture. Emcees tie up both of they feet, 
If. They refuse to run the jewels. We beat the bottoms of feet, 
I'm, talking grip pliers, guys to the top of your teeth. 
Hey me and Jaime killed the competition top of the heap 
Is, where we staying when they corpses resting under our feet. 
I sent they mom a little cash and a sympathy letter 
Told her. She raised a bunch, a fuck boys next time do better 
Bitch, 
 
We, the old Atlanta, new
Atlanta future of the city, 
Daddy Fat, Saxx, don't
give, a damn cause can't nann new niggas get with me. 
Now, it's true niggas are simply simple minded simple, Simons, 
Being dumbed down by the local radio stations by designing 
But. What I be rhyming, no payola is required. 
My bank account obese as fuck. While yours sits on a diet. 
Nigga your lease is up: you're fired 
Quiet. That'S how the boss talk 
Retain ownership on everything. Every car bought 
And paid for no neighbors cause. I'M sitting on acres 
Went to Vegas, jumped the broom cause. I wasn't trippin' on papers, 
Or, no prenuptual agreement for mama 
If, we broke up and she took half I'd. Still be sitting on commas, 
Eight figures, nigga
 
