Bananas (Who You Gonna Call?) Lyrics
by Queen Latifah.


Who you gon na call when it's time to brawl 
Standin''round waitin' for my queendom to fall. 
Well, I think not. Styles are pipin' hot 
Blazin' amazin'. I give it all. I got 
 
I'm tellin', you straight up all sleepin' beauties, better wake up, 
I'll tear your state up so set the date up. 
And, I'm a rip it. What, if it, what was it 
Who did it? Who does it 
From private to public 
Anywhere, I'm in there and been there 
So recognize this, who the nicest 
Sit down and settle for your constellation prizes? 
Whatever you want. I got 
Whether you ready or not, 
It's about to get hot when I drop 
So notes pause. Another spot 
To: do you don't get me in a corner? Make me, do you 
Don't, try to be me, do you 
Be coo' to you and do you 
I'm on a higher level with different class? Another plane 
I am the Queen. That'S my name time to explain. 
That I spit game with dames 
Leave'em, all with shit, stains, 
Split frames hopin', you hopin' that I'm jokin' 
Don't know, but still blink off, like fo'-fo's 
But so-so slow, mo's comin' in like the po-po's 
Don't want rocks comin' at me. The wrong way. 
Packin' much rocks it's gon na be a long day, 
And for real spittin' on imbessiles and spinnin' wheels 
On, my 600. You want it, you must be blunted 
I'll. Take it to your stomach run. It give me all 
Mic for mic. Steppin' to me. You gon na fall. We brawl 
Throwin' a two-piece, so loose leafs 
It's the Q-U-double-E-N 
You know how I'm MCin' 
 
See physically, you not ready 
Lyrically, you not ready 
Mentally. Maybe 
Who talks, tough time to get the baby, 
No threats or small bets on my bond. We can get it on 
From, dusk'til dawn from night'til mourn. 
Some bubble. Hard squads are gone, no gimmicks, no tricks. 
'Til. One of us admits it's a battle. A whisk 

Are you out of your mind, doubtin' mines, out of line 
Talkin' out your behind shoutin' rhymes. Out of time, 
It's all over, what's up yeah what? What? Now you tough now 
Now you hush hush. Now: ain't sayin' too much now 
Thought, so haunt yo', sleepin' ass, creepin', fast 
Like, you was doin' somethin'. Now I got ta ruin somethin' 
You image, your career lookie. Here you whole life is hangin' in the air 
Like a chandilier poppin' off like a can of beer understand. Is it clear 
If? Not let me put it in your ear that I'm royalty 
Even though I'm low-key, you know me 
You, be singin' over my tracks. Like it's kareoke 
If, you don't know the half. You gon' feel the wrath 
Represent, the rugged path, the Flavor Unit staff, 
Droppin', math'matics layin'. You out, like craftmatic 
I'll, let you have it so you don't want the static .
 
