Bane Lyrics
by Unnamed.

Unnamed in this bitch, let me know what's happening: 
I'm the guy making fuckers never ever wan na rap again, 
My lyrics are so harsh when I spit bars, you'd think I'm stabbing him. 
Like he's the pork and I'm about to tear off all the crackling 
You can't keep that shit. It'S way too. Fattening 
Just, like your bars healthy people, don't want it just pack, it in 
Your bars are so washed up. You should stop writing on paper with ink 
And start drawing your lyrics with the soap in your kitchen sink 
When. I touch a mic. I turn evil 
Like Slim when he teams with Royce, but I ain't reaching as many people 
But. I rap as if I was 
And. I don't give a toss. 
Any rapper, stepping up to me better, be ready for a loss. 
Cause, I'm crazy, 
Some people say he locks up his mic incase. He 
Won't stop and just sits there all day trying to reach the top 
Because he laughs when he insults people 
You'll never meet anyone who's as deceitful 
Cause. You don't know Stephen he's the opposite of peaceful 
He's, just a benefit. Fiend 
At, the age of sixteen 
He'd. Probably use child support money to buy weed 
Yeah. That'S sounds about right. I'M the scum of the Earth, 
But you're, still listening to me, 
As I stand holding a burning cross in front of a church 
I'm the captain of the crazy train. You can call me Ozzy 
I, speak on behalf of the entire underground society, proxy 
Mainstream rappers ain't, where it is I'm the future. Obviously 
If you ain't here to be the best, then go home 
I'm here to be the best so Em. When I step up to your throne, 
You can give me the secret to rap immortality 
Then any rapper who wants to challenge me 
From, whatever fucking galaxy 
Will, learn very quickly. 
When they step in proximity with me. 
That Unnamed, is the leader of this rap country. 
And shit, while I'm down you can try and punt me. 
But know that when I get up darkness is all you'll see. 
Cause you'll get knocked the fuck out 
Like my name's Manny Pacquiao 
On, some crazy shit. Again, like i'm a re-turd 
And. I won't stop'till. My lyrics have been heard: 
I'm the leader, motherfucker you're, just part of the herd 
You're nothing but a flock follwing. The other birds 
I'm hear to revolutionize this shit Che Guevara 
I could give up and walk out now screaming sayonara 
But before I do that shit. I'D get back together with Tarra 
And that ain't ever gon na happen. So I ain't leaving 
If you ain't a fan, I'll just shove, my music down your throat, like it's semen, 
And. If you don't swallow I'll kill, you right now take pictures and put them
through a printer 
And put the photos on your kids bedroom window, 
And I'll laugh. While I give him the finger, 
Then I'd get the carpet and the duct tape and I'll wrap you up like it's
winter 
And I'll, give you, as a present to my favourite singer, 
With, a note: Hey it's Unnamed. Wan na collab. Let me know ASAP 
How. The fuck does this sick shit enter my mind, 
I'm, so sick. I'M ill. Call me Hopsin when I rhyme 
I go crazy. When I rap like I'm on coke or speed 
But, I don't do that shit. I try to stick to the weed 
Sometimes. I feel so. Stoned, I think I'm gon na def 
But, I ain't even gay. I'Ve just smoked way too much. Sess 
And. If you dont understand my lyrics. Look that shit up 
Cause! I ain't dumbing, a single thing down for you, dumb, fucks 
And, we're only half way through this track. 
I'M teaching you all that skill is what I don't lack 
So, while you're still being a kid playing in the park or in the back 
I'm out here. Spitting bars that would give even young men heart attacks 
And, you can be sure of that 
And. I know I'm not black 
But. That don't mean I can't rap. 
Shit Shady proved that 
And now every rapper wants to be signed to Aftermath 
So. They can be with the best the GOATs of rap. FACT, 
The ones who rap as if the shit was witch craft, 
The MCs, who won't in a million years, listen to ya 
The same rappers. Who will be buying my shit in the future 
It's too late to try not to go berserk 
I'm too sick? I need some time off. Work 
The only way, you'd go viral is if your track was playing. While your bitch was
trying to twerk 
I talk so much shit. I should just put the mic up. My ass 
Don't act surprised I'm the opposite of high class 
People, hear my shit and SCREAM 
They. Hear yours they're, like Meh, pass 
Even your bitch hates your lyrics so much she just wants to go. 
But know that I could get my dick inside her like I'm tea, bagging Strongbow 
You, see my words are my guns and your hate is my ammo 
So, the more you hate me. The faster I'll grow 
And. You should know by now. I'M not classy 
More, like class E 
You're, so watered down. I could swim in your bars 
And. My flow is so fly. It could take you to Mars 
Lyrically, I'm in the lead and you're just out here, chasing cars, 
I'm, so cold bitch. I should be out there patrolling snow 
I feel sorry for you bro. Every time I hear your flow 
And. I ain't kidding around boy. You better know. 
Unnamed is the King. You couldn't even open up for my show: 
 
Yo fuck, the instrumental I don't have to stop just because it does 
I'll just keep rapping bitch and that's because 
I fucking want to a beat ain't. My boss, 
And, there's not enough time to loop. It back round. Like Rick Ross 
Why, the fuck are these fakers. Even in the game, they must be fucking lost. 
I'Ll, take all the shots i wan na take but know I'm not the guy you wan na cross 
You're the type of guy that will talk. Shit then, back out of a fight 
And, wake up in hospital to 3 surgeons, all dressed in white 
Fuck. It I'll just kill you and put your body in a time, capsule 
And, let your kids find it at their birthday party and that's the sick, shit I
use. For fuel 
And, then I ignite it and shoot at you like a fire ball 
Cause, I'm the kind of guy that's liable. 
To set your house on fire with an iron 
And. I ain't even trying 
You, try so hard to be me, and I ain't even trying. 
You'Re all smelly cats phoebe. And I still ain't trying 
I'm so far ahead. You bitches can't see me. And i still ain't even trying 
If me never making. It is your strongest belief, 
Then, I'm about to turn over that leaf. 
And. That'S the only time. You'Ll see me: do it cause I'm never gon na change, 
Yeah the styles a little strange 
I'm a little insane 
Even, though something's wrong with my brain 
I'm. Still in the fast lane, 
You fucks are walking slow with a cane 
While. I speed ahead. 
You heard what I said: 
I'll die hard like John MacLaine 
And. I control you like you're a teddy and I'm a crane 
Just stay the fuck back before I break it. Bane
 
