Bang Bang Boogie Lyrics
by SwizZz.


Yo now everybody kept their mouth closed. 
Stayed on the down low 
While. You was blabbering all your bullshit rapping'bout hoes 
Now I'mma hit you with the foul flow 
How, so I'll show. 
So niggas now know that my sounds dope 
How low. Can I go Lower than you 
I'm bouldering boos? Your homework is due 
You posers are doomed got post at your room, 
We coming up quick to cause some misery, headaches and injuries. 
The minute we own the facility 
 
Yo, it's my turn to put it down for the team 
With a glorious, lean stunting. When I walk on the scene, 
I might do a handstand spin, 1080 degrees. 
Whatever it be 
Hop. Can you throw me a G 
I'm focused? No adderall 
Equipped with a bigger sack than Santa Clause. 
Yeah I have to ball 
You're, not a writer you're, a tag along loner 
Push me and I'll put you in a box 
Leftovers Bam, 
 
Ayo. We keep on listening to the same damn rookies 
I hit'em, with the bang, bang boogie 
Ayo. We keep on listening to the same. Damn rookies 
So I hit'em with the bang, bang boogie 
They go They go 
They, go They go 
Ayo. We keep on listening to the same damn rookies 
So I hit'em with the 
Chk chk Boom 
 
Ay I'll pass bars, but I didn't go to law. School 
You'll be long at home. Depot you're all tools, 
I'll break it down like the swishers in my console, 
Lick. Your drinking water Imma smack you out that bar stool 
Now, everybody here, throw your hands up like a volunteer 
Grab, a hairy nigga by his fucking beard. Shotgun, a beer 
Get up off the wall See us at the top you're at the bottom. Like bubble balls, 
Tell ‘em, Hop 
 
Yeah. You can tell I'm hot 
When my new shit drop. I should sell a lot 
I'm, always thinking some type of selfish plot. 
My flow is sharper than propellers on a helicop 
Who wan na rumble with the egg. That'S what the hell I thought. 
You dang pussies get hit with the bang boogie. When you ain't looking and

With your brains, gushing, 
We, love, stirring up problems. We cause ‘em 
Rappers. We boss ‘em, it's fucking, awesome, 
 
When, you rolling with the misfits proud you getting hit with the click, click
blaow 
It's, a senseless style nigga its just how 
We get down where we come from 
Hit us up 
If. You want some w-with, the dumb dumbs 
Shit about that 818 homie. We going hard, though 
Only ones who repping the fucking valley, who are dope 
We the reasons the planet turns and the stars glow 
It's FV welcome to our show. 
Swizzz go 
, 
Damn, Hop, Watchu wan na rush, a little nigga for 
I know you don't drink, but I'm tryna finish Jack and Coke 
The A1A is waiting patiently for us to blow 
Cuz on the low we've been killing since 2004 
 F-U-N-K 
 V-O-L-U-M-E .
 The people love it 
So, we keep it. Funky 
Here comes the thunder, no Kevin Durant, 
The, Bang, Bang Boogie just might leave you right. Where you stand. 
 
SwizZz 
You know I hit ‘em with that chk chk boom 
 
Hopsin 
Damn homie you hit em with that chk chk boom 
 
Ayo. We keep on listening to the same damn rookies 
So I hit'em with the 
Chk chk Boom 
 
