BANG!!! Lyrics
by Swych.


The OG's love the way I spit.
If you a problem, I'm a product of the answer like AI's kids.
Play my ish, straight up hits, ain't no way I miss.
I'm too hungry for it dog, I got the munchies for it.
It's going down and I ain't got a extra bungee cord.
Potato on the barrel for haters making a bunch of noise.
You popping a lot of talk but you ain't popping.

Bang on them, F2Ddreamgang on them.
Tell them nice shirt then leave a nice bloodstain on them.
Looking like ketchup, then I tell them catch up.
Strip them of they pride right before I make it rain on them.
… Youngan, swag by the onion.
Not a drug dealer but bag dimes and I'm stunting.

Bow down to the king, I'll leave your head at my feet.
Get my Gohan flow on, I'm so on.
A whole nother level like lands that's bulldozed on.
Young alien, might land up on your home.
Own everythang that you claim as your own.
I'm YG, you Chief Keef.
I keep it a hundred more than you, get it 400 - 300?
Nah dog, I don't be up in the streets.
Running from cops, let them know that I killed the beat.
Sonning MC's mayne, it's the Heatwave Baby.
All up in the game, Young EA Baby.
Ain't no heir to the throne.
I'm just here for the throne.
Say your prayers, make it clear, take that chair.
Then I'm gone.
On to the next level, call it Super Saiyan 2.
All you dudes Pink Matter: cotton candy, Majin Buu.
Then I kick it up to 3, ain't no catching up to me.
Youngan I'm so hung-a-ry, you'd think I filled my lungs with weed.
So Ima go to Benihana's with some Fendi mamas.
Say she want that trendy Prada but I'm spending nada.
Not a dollar.
I can barely afford my meal.
Told these fakes pay attention, guess they can't afford the real.
Came from the quarters now I'm headed towards a quarter mill.
I'm the kid the city brought to speak to kids before the deal.
I'm the kid that Scooter Braun had said was nice before the deal.
I'm the kid up on the Clinton Sparks tape before the blow.
I'm the kid that opened up for Ink when I was still local.
Taught my teachers that rap was more than ill vocals.
Taught myself how to get into Berklee College of Music.
So how am I stupid?
My momma said I'd either be a lawyer or the leader of a gang…
And I am: it's F2D forever plus it's OMG &amp; BEKM. Best believe that when I.
leave.
I'm going with a BANG!!!

