Based Till I Die Lyrics
by Yung God.


I hear the people talking, but most of them never did this 
If. You ain't talking business then get up out. My business 
I fly so high. I don't follow the rules of physics 
I'm, achieving all my wishes. Bitch nigga, I'm out here getting it 
I tell them suck my dick cause. They don't like nothing. That'S different 
If! You niggas, keep hating, I swear to God I'll fuck, your bitches 
Pussy ass doctors could have sworn I needed. Ritalin 
Cause, I'm moving so fast. A million thoughts how to get this cash 
 
I'm posted in the sky 
And I'll die before I lie 
And you can see it in my eyes. 
Based world we on the rise, 
Real niggas gone ride, 
Fake niggas gone, hide 
I'm. Based till I die 
I'm based till I die 
 
Pussy ass nigga, I'm based till I die based till the grave 
Money on mind, strapped twelve gauge 
Run up on me, get flipped like a page 
Run up on me, get flipped like a bitch in the bed. 
Or, a nigga get flipped like a switch. 
You can call me toilet paper cause I'm on my shit. 
Nigga, I'm rich and I ain't got cash. 
I, don't give a fuck. You can call me a ho or a fag 
Cause. I still got swag M.O.E.
. Everything means last:
 
I should have got seven: eight nine ten eleven twelve years 
For the shit that I did in the past. 
I ain't got to stop cause. I stay on the D-lo 
Nine Glock cocked like the eyes on D-Bo, 
Yung, God I'll. Take your bitch like Nino 
And. You know that I'll still be around like C-Lo 
Swag cost a kilo flow cost a brick 
Keep. Your mouth closed. You ain't, talkin bout, shit, 
Swag, like a bitch dress like a bitch 
But thats. On my dick best respect this bitch 
Swag, like a bitch dress like a bitch 
But thats on my dick best respect this bitch 
Strapped, like Plies nigga fuck, your pride 
Tats on my face cause, I'm based till I die. 
 
I'm posted in the sky 
And I'll die before I lie 
And you can see it in my eyes. 
Based world we on the rise, 
Real niggas gone ride, 
Fake niggas gone, hide 
I'm. Based till I die 
I'm based till I die
 
