Bastards Lyrics
by Ruthless Bastards.


Check it, these cold days, got me in a physical rage.
Walking through the dark path of this invisible maze.
My individual is criminal, but lyrically plays.
A big part in my life in this critical stage.
Apocalypse, twist up the bamboo.
This wild life I can't handle.
Cock the MAC handle, pop the Jack Daniel.
I'm a shine like candles in a blackout.
You guaranteed to fall before the last bout.
Fuckin' with Ruthless, you assed out.
The size of these guns'll make you pass out.
I'm like hollow tips, the way I blast out.
It's all revolving, too much problems, no solving.
Ask me what I'm involved in, I'mma say robbin' and mobbin'.
I run this shit, nigga, joggin'.
No thanks for livin' on Thanksgiving, I'm still starvin'.

Yo, I'm not new to this, I'm true to this.
What you gonna do to lips?
Man if I tell you one more time I've been doin' this.
Mount up, Ruthless be wettin' these clowns up.

And this one, he's new on the block just like a rookie.
Frontin' like he hard, dun, he musta ate some thug cookies.
No evidence, plus I heard his clique be on that tellin' shit.
You let him sell again, so bustin' him's irrelevant.
Just get these presidents, the realest thing man lust.
Once the papers in my hand it's like I got a royal flush.
Ain't gainin' trust, cause man I ain't tryin' get bust.
Run for cover, pull a trigger, watch 'em all turn to dust.
A ribbon in the sky, I watched his mom dukes cry.
Too bad her son had to die for startin' up the two-four-five.
Guns never lie, chains like slaves go but heavy.
Down near my belly, attached to my waist is a celly.
For plannin' funerals and gettin' niggas buried.
I wanna leave this life but I can hear it callin' me like R. Kelly.

Shoeless shine like sunny days.
My style on the loose like runaways.
It's crazed in the battle, get you open like a bag of purple haze.
Inhale, get fucked up.
Can't hang, slow the fuck up, I represent Staten.
Push my buttons, you get stuck up.
I love thick bitches, so boo keep your ass shakin'.
I be money makin', in nive-seven I like 'em taken.
Fuck fakin', wild'n, and breakin'.
In the club gettin' my groove on.
The gat in my Timbs just in case you wanna move on.
Been off the Bacardi to Moe.
Slayin' this chick off that Keith Sweat.

Shaigotti, swingin' tux wit Wallys.
Y'all niggas don't wanna try me.
For them presidents, partner, I'll leave you dead.
Filled up with hot lead, hollow heads for your thoroughbreds.
It's the righteous, lifeless, trifeless.
Challengers are sacrifices.
Ruthless cause we flip tracks, pack gats, and give slices.
And pull heists', you think your nice, now meet the nicest.
Son a actress, stick him like a cactus, bounce like a mattress.
Teflon fatigues if you try to wack this.
You ain't know it was cold on these streets?
Only time its warm, dun, when I got the heat.
Grab my knicks and five-eights, I need a gimmick to compete.
Triggers, I'm squeazin' 'em; at the crossroad, I'm leavin' 'em.
They got the god locked, I got knocked, so I could be with 'em.

Attack with tactics, that's fantastic, that for realah.
Throw me cuts to chop the beat with your five claws.
Create tracks, that blow the hinges off the doors.
That's all I can stands and I can't stands no more.
Whirlwind, mind spins off Seagram's gin.
Started all over and don't know where to begin.
Extreme measures, got my thoughts on gettin' treasure.
These cats know that I clap holes through they leather.
Staten's sick, and we can't get no better.
Police trap, we get away, too clever.
Lyrics jotted down on paper causes terror-.
Ism, now I'm gon' hit 'em.
Give 'em what we been givin' 'em, that's the rhythm.
Straight up, all you crab niggas sleepin', need to wake up.
I'm like peroxide, cause I stay bubblin' in the cut.
Nigga please, I'm thirsty for this cheese.
I run up in your lab and make your auntie freeze.
It's like that, from the Stat where I live at.
The bees are snakes, and they just feed off the fuckin' rats.

If I'm a bastard, then you're a bastard.
Everybody's a bastard.
Get the gats, cause shit is drastic.

