Bat Outta Hell Lyrics
by Twisted Insane.


Yeah, Brainsick.

Bat outta hell.
Bat outta hell.
Face of a demon and I'm fire breathin' leave 'em tagging an L.
Mask on my face like monster nigga no Halloween trick.
Knife in my hands Mike Myers nigga no Halloween shit.
I'm in a stolen Regal with no gas in it.
And a body in the trunk from the night before.
Drunk and stuck, throwing up, but it sure as fuck ain't my first rodeo.

I had the Babylon on my ass.
They got a place for a nigga in the backseat.
I think it's time for me to just smash.
It's when a nigga got you running like a track meet.
Hopping fences, this suspense is, killing me I really don't wanna be in a.
pickle.
I'd rather be posted up in the crib with hella weed but now I'm running from.
ballistics end up burning like a missile.
Shit I could turn into a phantom on 'em, blend to the night like I was.
chameleon.
I'm underground like a basement ghost, but at the same time higher than a.
ceilin'.
Fuck your feelings,.
you're talking to the same nigga who used to be scared of the dark.
As a little kid, that was my worst fucking fear like air is to a shark.

You're fucking with a werewolf don't nobody care when you bark.
Fill them with the rage throw 'em in the cage with the Brainsick, tear you.
apart.

Interlude.
These eyes do not see what you and I see.
Behind these eyes one finds only blackness the absence of light.

I am like a bat up out of hell x4.
Imma let them have it when I'm busting through the masses like a fully.
automatic x4.

People looking at me funny, never take me for a dummy.
Even though a nigga sinnin', while I'm drinkin' on my gin.
And puffing on the weed again.
I'm the realest you pretend, better believe that I be winnin'.
Mind of a murderer happen to hurt 'em.
Put 'em in perpendicular body positions up in your furniture.
Playin' like it's a tournament fill ‘em up with the voice of a curse, then put.
niggas up in the fire that's why I'm burnin' 'em.
It's Twisted Insane what the fuck you mean you haven't heard of him.
You must of been high on shrooms, or living on the moon, or only into bullshit.
rap that be on the radio and I am way too goon.
Fuck you all, see you leave the show too soon, how the fuck you finna dip.
when I'm the monster in the dark?
Fuck your life, cut with knife, I made incision on your brain like I was Dr..
Heart.

shit.
Claim you pimp, makes me sick, how these niggas acting funny when they wit'.
they bitch.
You can't roll one with the homies, you can't hang around the studio all.
fucking night.
You can't hit the club, you can't stick with thugs, and I can't go into your.
house past fucking light.
They say I'm evil, but I'm just living on the dark side of the force, my.
nigga.
Anybody wants to go against a motherfucker I will kill and I will say I'm.
forced by liquor.
Nice and easy, Nice and greasy, like a bitch who getting fucked with no.
Vaseline.
I took match that I found up in the back then I looked in your face I spit it.
with the gasoline.

Yeah, Brrrain.

