Bats Lyrics
by The Uncluded.


My feet hang off of every bed. I ever slept on 
Catch less Z's, more f-bombs 
Invaders from the north brought a body in the trunk 
With four coal eyes ushering a Jonestown flood 
Two known two dumbstruck: 
Plain clothes sputter in 
A, strange home, spine-chilling cluster to unfuck, 
Sup, sup Austin. I know little magic, 
No, checked bags show up with the most baggage, 
Fresh hell, dragging old hell up from holed rabbits 
Who mangle, emotion in gross patterns. 

And float pine out the bathtub of crass maggots 
 
1 point fuckin 5 schmillion 
A number undermining how they duck and dive different 
And. I was waiting for an hour and I merely saw six 
Some thought it was a bust. I thought it was the shit 
 
I watched the videos and hung out with his friends and hugged his mama 
And. It'S clear to me. This kid's, the Minnesota Dalai Lama 
And the llama twist his tongue 
To, create a perfect rhyme, 
Whether freestyled or preconceived to spit that shit out at your mind, 
And your mind's rind peels back revealing 
Every dead friend on the back of a little black bat 

Only six Fly out and return to where they hid 
So, you wait and you wait and you never wan na leave. 
‘Cause 1.5 million bats is what you need to see to grieve. 
1.5 million bats is what you think you need. 
But 6 is enough to receive a little peace 
‘Cause every little bit counts. 
In times of death and disorder. 
You, look for shooting stars, 
In, the reflection of the water 
And. You open the gifts that you didn't expect 
On the birthdays of the dead friends that are stuck in your head: 
Like love and hugs, and songs and rage 
And. The keys that you needed to unlock your heart's cage, 
The ability to put the pen back to the page, 
The heat beneath your feet to propel you on stage 
The beat that completes your shit these days, 
Yeah the beat that completes your shit these days, 
 
BATS 
Bats 
 
The post cards coast from a recurring force field 
Pickling his demons with the prematurely door-nailed 
Never play Taps on a short-scale 
Played dream wars with coffins and chalkboard nails. 
Sore thumb 
All played the corner of the salt, lick 
K'll, say The people you are meeting know what loss is” 
Twenty in I'm on the patio, with forceps 
Wig split sorting what amount to little war heads 
Yadda yadda, stop 
Tell me about your homie 
The quote. That would open a can of bogeys, 
In the form of stolen roman candle stories, 
Wild youth clipped, 
From, a tether plus my alive friends are even deader, 
 
Is a little folk singer, who has run out of chords, 
Like, a big bad lion who has lost its Roar 
Coming in like a lambchop 
Out like a lyin', shame, 
I got Gunther, Gabel- Williams, 
Tryna tame, my brain 
With, a flick of the wrist and a crack of the whip. 
I said: If that's all you got. 
You ain't got shit 
‘Cause for free birds. Like me, 
The possibilities are endless. 
Try to put me in a box. 
I will be relentless 
In. My pursuit of lots of different kinds of things. 
You can clip my toe nails, but 
You can't clip my wings. 
 
BATS, 
BATS, 
 
I, know about your brother 

If. The colony is hiding. We will lift him on the six 
Knife in the road 
Scalp in his mitten 
Glass house, decal of Calvin pissin
\ -- 
A, proud Fugee of the foul cow tip
cow system. 
Triple crown clip never trickle down bread, crumbs, 
Goofus over Gallant, 
Mill about head shrunk, 
Thread, a symphony of krill and killer clown. Redrum-Wretch 
If. You ever woke up feeling future-proof 
Precious brothers in effect and rooting for the future. You 
Speaking of the future us 
Twin City morning, 
Broke a wiper on a rental tryna grin away the gory 
Wait new game, smuggle bats on a plane. 
 tie the whole bridge to his frame. 
I will drag these bricks. 
Over lake and law, 
Shake 1.5 out over St. Paul 
Just, knowing poetry and mathematics, get involved. 
Any total ain't, a quota more a draw, 
Don't count, shit, 
First, sign of leathery wings, 
You, throw them devil, horns, up
yelling, heavenly things, 
 
See. I started this life 
As, a nappy buckwheat flapjack 
Flipping on the shiny white backs of the brat pack, 
A princess a jock, a brain, a freak 
Now, I'm a fucking rebel, I'm a little of each 
And, I'm not ashamed of all the different parts of me 
And. I, like cross-pollinating, the communities 
Because divided, we're cool 
But. Together we conquer 
Like monsters and grouches 
And humans and honkers 
And. If you're close to my age, then you were raised on the street 
With a Lik-M-Aid Fun Dip in front of your TV 
And. Our generation's got ta, do it differently. 
‘Cause, we got new ideas and new abilities 
Is that an old-fashioned funeral ew change the station 
I'd rather tune in for a life celebration. 
Say good bye with dance parties and say good bye with shows 
‘Cause that somber-ass shit's not the way I wan na go 
Put your hands in the air 
Feel your dead, friend's presence, 
Wrap and unwrap pack; no resentments 

And, we're summoning the bats. So we can live 

And, we're summoning the bats, so we can live
 
