Battle Tested Freestyle Lyrics
by Wrekonize.

November 22nd, 2013, battle tested.
I dropped so many projects this year.
I should sign a lease agreement for that spot in your ear.
I am now that voice inside of your head, so raspy.
Tellin' you to reach for the sky, they can't grasp me.
But I am still speakin' 'bout a decade plus.
They wanted me swept under the rug so I won't get paid much.
They wanted me broke down, so clown.
I would've thrown out, my crown.
Before I even got a chance to rock it, I think they know now.
This ain't no flute flingin' gimmick trend-rider.
It hadn't been liver than the pussy insiders.
We blend the poppin' so, hip-rock n roll.
And if you two sip with a fat-on I ‘spose you gotta go.
It started back when I was battling cats at pack.
And every Saturday I'd have to travel some miles on the map.
From Hollywood to Kendell, Kendell and back again.
I'd study up with H and bland, serum and I'd rap with gin.
Me and borabis and my broke-down Honda.
Sippin' long-islands and a lofty cloud of marijuana.
I wanna make it honour, national show when I'm a.
Leave out this bitch with honours.
I know you see me mama.
It was all a dream, it's so surreal now.
A bunch of rappers tryin' to tear down the clear sound.
Shout out to mindshift, J-pure manoeuvres to.
Miami in the 90s was a jungle we'd manoeuvre through.
This is from parable, shakespear, Johnny five.
Logics, a thousand thoughts, minus-ing those not alive.
Spawn live chaos on it when the beat play.
Then misusing all the DJs that try by twelve on replay.
I went to MTV to battle strong for all of y'all.
And the effect it had on me ain't really hard to call.
Peace to sworn on blind fury by us Rob-G.
KCs who mic the menace night life, and who me?
I'm the mayday spitter livin' out the block.
Livin' inside a world today where many styles are not free.
Instead of getting' props, they bring props to battle with.
I still love it though, the beat, the skill, the ratchet shit.
Inside my heart I'm still a gladiator.
Who turns his back upon ceaser and walks out in a mask of vapours.
And loves the smell of blood risin' from the sneaker soles.
And keeps a demon underneath him just to keep him cold.
In this world you either strike fast or strike out.
This whole world's a bout I'm tryin' to climb out.
Whether it's MCs or labels, envy or fables.
You keep your head above them sinkin' halos.
Shit I see enemies lurkin' behind the candelabra.
Ghostin' it at random, I'm phantom of the opera.
Twisted in tandom and damaging' all my lavish chakras.
Well what the fuck are we doin' here on the planet mobster?
Years later I'm just tryin' to survive.
And bring the music to the people it goes up in my mind.
I know I'm thirty now but that don't mean nothin' to mine.
Truthfully I think I've entered my prime.

And to my new fam I got ridin' with snake ‘n' bat pieces.
I'm trying to be that genius with the rap thesis.
I'm trying to smash that CD like its half freezing.
This year ain't even over yet and we've been vast scheming.
Signin' off the rap contestant with bad intensions.
Out of tension bitin' tongues to keep from sad investments.
You gotta come to rattle fences in this mad dimension.
Cause to survive it's on right that you be battle tested.

