BE CREATIVE Lyrics
by Viva Fidel.

BE CREATIVE.

Yeah…
AS SOON AS I HEARD THIS BEAT………
I immediately started my rituals.
No need to conform to ya standards.
I was on my morning norm splashing some paint on the canvass.
Before I get dressed I make something fresh.
Create my own blessings workin smart w endless ammo.
My energy channeled, angelic in ya face.
As soon as I awake from space the chase begins.
Original thoughts, actual manifestations.
Discipline like listening to the forces of nature.
Voices of creators deciphering the magic.
That's my background soundscape.
As i'm maxin round my place.
Or should I say palace, I only bring balance.
My family call me Fever , a bonafide Libra.
Gone on a road trip.
Plottin the next impact.
Organize the leaders to liberate the people.
Transmit facts in raps to trap you in possibilities.
Unified rebellion is our responsibility.
Descendants of illuminated giants.
My alliance with scientists is like the black power fist;.
Strength in numbers, look around the underground.
Middle finger to the feds, take a piss on ya death beds.
Buck the police and everybody that's down with'em.
the sound of my ism.
Surround me with wisdom, well rounded women.
We livin to be giving so I multiply the fruits of my labor.
A creator with a master plan.
So I share it with my neighbors and build it with my bare hands.
Yeah!
From my mind comes the divine design; Uh! On Earth!
Reference my greatness , hieroglyphics in the sky.
No matter what your soundwave of survival is.
Just give the utmost upliftment from wherever you live.
Oh...it's really on out here!
Bam!
Crystalized....
Let us meditate together.
Operate....
Let us harmonize.
Can you feel the the pressure in the atmosphere?
And the fire sittin in the throne of my soul.
War is being instigated and evolved.
While electric desire and magnetic feelings collide to ascend.
And start a whole new sequence.
It's a process like this.
The unbecoming and.
And getting off of that reactionary thought train.
Oh you've been trained,you've been programmed.
Now BE CREATIVE!

Creators,Creators like JG, GSound, Viva Fidel…
Kali Maa take us out of here…

