Be da bop Lyrics
by 57 Pixels.


I'm sick, somewhere I must of caught diseases.
From Marshall cause for some reason I just can't stop succeedin'.
Its partially from being lost at sea.
Feeling like I can walk with ease while even being part palegic.
I'm the philosophies prodigy of prophecy like Socrates.
A lot to see like world renowned soccer teams.
You're probably not following, so I soul heartily.
Swear weak is not me, when you think great.
Well ya thought of me.
Its seems I came into a world in atrocity and possibly.
I've subconsciously thought I'd stop some policies.
That let our politics and politicians start to cop our things.
The war on drugs is to put the only dealers in the pharmacies.
Apart from the hypotheses, a skill like carpentry or botany.
Is probably the most valuable thing like property!
Trust me, I'm honest constantly. Pardon me.
I'm just lost for words and paused perturb, my apologies.

But I'll still sing.

Be da bop x4.
This needs to stop, this need or thought that lets the people to be beat by.
cops.
Its almost like no matter what they couldn't give a shit if we're pleased or.
not.
As useless as tooth less shark, prove that you can have a new fresh start.
Be da bop x4.
At three my moms would read some awful story about how to beat the odds.
I've tried to be the man that she could look up at and see in stars.
But now I bet she looks down on me ever since I've seized this art.

My childhood was something more like now you should.
Stay in the shallow pool of life like the way a coward would.
Had to make myself strong like pallet wood.
Cause the weight of the world is heavy I'm finna break this stool.
Oh well, only one carrying it so I guess I look a fool.
Mistook for cool one of the worn out old rusty useless tools.
Do you know how it feels being told yous a fool.
Cause you're always tryna find a way everybody's beautiful?
I used to get ridiculed for thinking wearing suits was cool.
Almost every time I've been told, That life don't suit ya, Jules!
And I'm smart as fuck but I've been told by useless fools.
That if I follow the money it'll make me completely whole.
Whatever, anything anyone else has done good I've done better.
But some'll tell ya, at sixteen my wits were intensely swift.
Picked a bit til I could hit me licks.
Try to stick it in the pretty chicks.
But they're harder than Mayweather reading Harry Potter sentences.
I'm barely an adult and I've managed well enough.
Haven't landed in the cut or been bandaged for more than cuts.
Grasped a silver tongue and still as candid as a blunt.
The way I compare to the rest is like a commander to his grunts.
Why is supposedly the only way to be successful is through college degrees.
Man, that bothers me. I sought harmony and fought for me.
Pardon me I lost my train of thought, my apologies.

But I'll just sing.

Be da bop x4.
At three my moms would read some awful story about how to beat the odds.
I've tried to be the man that she could look up at and see in stars.
But now I bet she looks down on me ever since I've seized this art.
Be da bop x4.
Money's the real schedule one drug we all can't seem to stop.
The only ones to pay to live on this planet like we can leave this rock.
This needs to stop. I'll fight until I bleed out or drop.

Currently, its common courtesy to repay with cotton currency.
That is tainted and that's our biggest problem certainly.
I think the world would be better off if.
Everyone started burning green instead of dreams, its hurting me.
We murder teens by making them serve over seas turned burgundy.
For personal greed and tell them is in the country's needs.
How much longer til we open our eyes and fucking see!?
That the human race as a whole is crumbling.
All because of the fruit that's grown off of money trees.
But if we all don't get our heads up out our ass.
We could end up stumbling down a path.
Of brash thinking on fast ways we can be cash making.
Over the laughs made with bad ass friends 'n I can't stop it.
Even though I'm trying to be the man God is!
But still through all this constant nonsense.
What's hardest is the garbage that gets our 1 Percenter's pardoned.
If pro is the opposite of con, then what's the opposite of progress?
This pompous economic market's causing profit for the gossip columns.
And this life is all we know, and that's where we got a problem.
I'm not trying to reiterate Nas or Rakim.
But we should stop the violence over petty shit like rocks n diamonds.
I can already picture my son, even though I'm not a father.
Lost in all the product our father's brought down on us.
To piece through all their squabbles over profit.
No matter how inhumane it got to be. I've sought harmony.
And fought for me, pardon me I've lost my train of thought, my apologies.

Be da bop x4.
Money's the real schedule one drug we all can't seem to stop.
The only ones to pay to live on this planet like we can leave this rock.
This needs to stop. I'll fight until I bleed out or drop.
Be da bop x4.
Its almost like no matter what they couldn't give a shit if we're pleased or.
not.
This needs to stop. I'll fight until I bleed out or drop.

