Beautifully Wonderful Lyrics
by Twisted Insane.


Life is so beautiful, 
But death is so wonderful, 
 
But I sit with a brain full of sick 
Knowin' death comin', not runnin'. This shit is tough as it gets. 
I could just sit back and pass. My life is just movin' too fast 
And before you know it I'll, be dead and gone better, follow it. 
They said I wouldn't make it to twenty 
Said. I wouldn't have bitches but bitch. I got plenty 
They sayin' quit fuckin' hoes. You got too many 
Kids, but I'm lovin' to run in a bitch with no jimmy 
Finna hit'em when impossible. I could be the one on Mars. 
I feel like I do belong up in the stars. 
Always been livin' my life on the edge 
But. I promise this ain't. The end do not break out the cigars 
I'm mentally scarred like I was 
Don't get caught up. With'He said she said' 
But. I keep an eye out for the police and bitch niggas 
Put'em up on a list to eradicate. I can just fuckin' decapitate 
Most of you feel, like you had to hate this nigga 
Sick nigga, but I'm off in a different zone 
I be on levels. You only see up in your dreams. 
I can get mad at you, come back call homies and clack at you thought you was
gon' make it home till we came and put two in your spleen 
Know. What I mean 
Death is so beautiful. Life is so easy. 
Spend half my life full of alcohol feelin'. So queasy 
Pull up and fill up the Pinto with gas, I'm really not thinkin' you'll last 
It's time for the livin', like George and Weezie, believe me 
 
Wonderful, by the way that we die 
But, I'm lost with a vision, just wishin' that we multiply 
But, I'm Knowin', my wishes will fall on deaf ears. My fear 
Is. Nobody up in my funeral tears fallin' out of their eye 
Sunshine 
But nigga. They might take you up under the moonlight 
It's funny how I can sit back and make one rhyme 
And. All of a sudden. I'M havin' a good night. 
You niggas is trippin', I'm 5150 
But. If I don't hit you with words, nigga ... 
Then I'mma be forced to hit you with some other shit, 
It's nothin' for me to sit back and get perv' with ya 
Smile. In your face, kill you off, then you're up in a gutter, ditch 
I'm on a mothership pushin' through different dimensions, 
Repentance, my binges malicious, so vicious I was on the daily 
Makin' me. Take my time fall back on shit that would 
Get you hemmed up. I don't get how you go when you 
Knowin', I'm sicker than rabies 
And for the niggas that be thinkin'. They be with it 
And. They really wan na be around the wicked 
Don't, be kiddin'. When I tell'em I'mma hit'em 
With the Voodoo ... 
Obvious, I'm sicker than the people that you listen to 
I hit it with the venom I be givin' you 
A pushin' to a limit nigga. They ain't never been to 
How. Do you do 
Death is so beautiful. Life is so easy: 
Spend half my life full of alcohol, feelin', so queasy, 
Pull up and fill up the Pinto with gas. I'M really not thinkin' you'll last 
It's time for the livin', like George and Weezie. Believe me 
, 
