Bed Time Lyrics
by Wordplay.


Word Play on the track, I swear you niggas whack.
Talk behind my back and imma shoot you in the back.
I got them fucking racks like a damn Aristocat.
These ain't no paintballs I'll show you how this semi splat.
You don't wanna see a nigga with these fucking raps.
These sticks, these hands, or on that muthafucking track.
This fucking sawed-off covered my damn six pack.
Bet you when I blast it, your ass gon have a six pack.
My nigga I ain't Yela, but I got that wolf pack.
All we do is sip lean and liquor by the pack nigga.

Break.
Night time night, night time night.
Night time night, night time night.
Bring your niggas out, bring them uzis out.
Bring your follies out, bring them choppers out.

LDV my life bruh I mean what I say.
Verbs on the jungle gym, bitch that's Word Play.
Yeah I got them words but lil' nigga I don't play.
Don't underestimate me cause where you stand is where you lay.
I got a P90 and I ain't talking 'bout the workout.
It'll put your ass to sleep like Shawn Merriman, lights out.
Have a nigga corpse in the cut I crawled out.
Gang your ass, finesse your plug, then I piece out.
Zaytoven on the beat, so you know I had to eat.
Molly molly molly got me geeked from last week.
Bitch you know I wanna fuck, ion need to speak.
Y'all 14 day niggas are just too week.
This college bitch major education so I helped her.
Gave her bunch of kids to watch, I killed that white cat Helter Skelter.
Swear that nigga nice, I'm cold I need a sweater.
Walked in American Eagle, damn right I changed the weather.
She came to be bruh cause you annoying like some spam.
I'm the damn man, man damn yes I am.
Why this bitch always wanna know where I am?
Cause I'm the damn man, man goddamn yes I am.
I'm pregnant to the party, that means I came in late.
Try and start some shit, I'll bust some rounds up in this place.
Planned that shit out so I leave that bitch with no trace.
And like Zimmerman and Gotti, imma beat the fucking case.
I ain't got a deck but I'm the muthafucking ace.
Fuck my last queen, throw some jacks up in her face.
Always stay with weapons, I ain't talking 'bout no mace.
Hit you with that flame, imma Waka Flock your face.

I've been up on molly for a month, I ain't have sleep.
Molly molly molly got me geeked from last week.
I've been up on molly for a month, I ain't have sleep.
Molly molly molly got me geeked from last week.

