Before Goodnight Lyrics
by Swoope.


I don't really know what I'm doing here.
But it feels good, yeah.
It's just me and you in here.
And it feels good, yeah.

I remember those late summer nights, talking 'till we both fall asleep on the.
phone.
Voice like honey, tastes so right, baby girl sounded so sweet on the phone.
Now yesterday done turned to tonight, and she calling me just to see if I'm.
home.
I said nah, I'm finna step out, she said, What's the fun of cheating alone?

Baby I want you, want you, want you, why don't you want me?
You ain't gotta ask, I'll be bad, as long as you're good to me.
Come inside, say goodnight.
I don't really know what I'm doing here.
Come inside, say goodnight.
I don't really know what I'm doing here.

What I'm supposed to do when you're flaunting that dress that looks right on.
your hips.
Walking the dress up to right where I live, ringing my bell, then you start.
knocking.
H-Town, you thinking Doc Martin's.
I'm standing with my hand on the knob, finna open up the door and plan your.
response.
Thinking that I ain't gon' get caught if it stays in the dark but that ain't.
what my grandmomma taught.
It all comes to the light huh? Everything done with the lights off.
Baby girl said that's an easy switch, just do everything with the lights on.
Everything she speaks so free throw, on point even though I know it's kinda.
foul.
Was my shot to pass, I missed it, I'm such a sinner, why I keep letting my.
guard down?
She ain't playing no games in that Vicky's Secrets, we ain't playing no games,.
why you call it cheating?
You know I got a wife but you in my head, you said Never tell and we'll call.
it even.
Call it sneaking, making love, we can call it sleeping together, whatever as.
long as you don't call it evil.
It's a good thing, nah, it's a crime of passion, no way I can call it legal.
But uh, it's just one, I ain't gotta have it all, just some.
It's no harm, it's just fun and I'm down, so what's up?

I don't really know what I'm doing here.
But it feels good, yeah.
It's just me and you in here.
And it feels good, yeah.
Now I'm involved, happened so fast, all in a rush.
Funny how this friendship evolved to a guilty conscience from an innocent.
crush.
Now I'm an addict, now I gotta have it.
I'm feeling those matters, I can't get enough.
Now this attraction is bound to be captive, made me a slave, I'm craving this.
lust.

Baby I want you, want you, want you, why don't you want me?
You ain't gotta ask, I'll be bad, as long as you're good to me.
Come inside, say goodnight, yeah.
Why won't you come inside, say goodnight, yeah.

Yeah.
Thinking about my life, fighting against remorse, thinking about my wife,.
fighting against divorce.
Tried to check my insides bruh, thought this wrestle was minor, uh.
Now I'm fighting for kids in court.
Tried to stop this, coz I ain't wanna start wars.
Now I'm fighting against the force.

I don't want you, of course, the curse.
Of the human heart.
No matter how much I try to silence it.
I'm still hearing my insides saying.

Natalie Lauren and Swoope.
Come inside, say goodnight.
I don't really know what I'm doing here.
Come inside, say goodnight.
I don't really know what I'm doing here.

