Behind the Mask Lyrics
by Twisted Insane.

Laying down sitting on the couch all 
 
Twisted Insane 
As, I travel the globe. 
People come to my shows 
And. They want to know 
What's behind the mask 
 
Fans 
Is that twisted insane 
Oh, my god it is 
I, think he's the best and he raps so fast 
I, don't know how he do it. 
Man I heard he ain't human 
I heard he's a ghost 
I heard. He'S a demon 
I heard he's a monster 
Ain't from this world, 
 
What's behind the mask 
 
Brain 
The mask the mask the mask 
My war paint designed to strike fear and reveal the monster inside 
A representation of the demon within 
A visual to my soul, 
A Symbol of my presence, 
When I enter this mask. I enter my realm. 
I see the world as is, and, as is the world sees me, 
something backwards will check later. 
Ha Ha Ha Ha 
 
I can already hear you talking. Twisted is the wicked. So we talking about the
heat or he be rapping too fast, 
I, be reading every comment on my facebook and youtube and even on my twitter
when, they wolfing that trash 
 Behind the mask
always talking in subliminals 
But. Tell me why the fuck they want to label me a criminal 
Under estimate me. I'M a motherfucking general 
I'll pull a razor blade and get to chopping off your genitals 
And. I could be drunk driving up outta crash man 
Full up on the pedal I put ya with the gas tank 
 
 for the people
dying. I am living life up in the fast lane, 
I'm Jason and Freddy mixed with a little Eddie 
Scissorhands chopping
people up into confetti 
Left them laying in the street chest. Looking like spaghetti, 
I be standing on the corner. If you want me, come and get me 
It's like Amityville, but on the real, sometimes I feel like I'm a demon 
Doesn't matter who I believe in 
I, used to be afraid when it was dark 
Now. I sit without the can in front of folks with my forty and my weed in 
I bet. You feeling real safe when you talk shit from your keyboard in your
home quiet as a mouse 
Don't know who you was fucking with 
I could be the one to get a fully loaded gun and get to breaking in your house. 
Told your people, I'm the wrong. 
 bring the
 or two 
Do, you think it's music, but I really bring the heat 
Do it to your face. Murder was the case. 
See the demons all around me. Every time a nigga try to speak 
Thought about chopping off the feet. There will be no running 
When. I cut you up I'll put you in a room full of pain, 
I'm, getting sick and tired of all the people on the internet, 
That's wolfing up, but they don't really want to see insane 
 
They ain't phasing, my sick, 
, 
Real pain, redrum, 
, 
They. Tell me I'm a devil, because the way I spit it 
Tell me gets em reminiscing about some kind of wicked demons, 
You find out. What'S behind the mask you're running from 
Why, don't you erase the dark and tell me what you 
Open this enough to win a feeling me 
The fact that you continue with this crap, it all be killing me 
I, never dream !
 Please you stupid, bitch cuz! That would as ill as me, 
You'll never get the realer me 
Niggas run up and then get knocked out. Then I put the shit on Instagram 
Nigga. Better back up. He can act. Tough 
He was fruity as a motherfucking Toucan Sam 
Nigga. That 
They don't want to see behind the mask because they be look into the eyes. Of
Horror death, 
So, mythological and diabolical I'll rearrange an itty-bitty brand and put my
symbol on your chest. 
Turn your room into a mess 
 on your dress, not to mention all the bloody walls. 
Fuck, your negativity. If you ain't, got no Righteous shit to say about a niggas
shit, don't say that shit at all 
I be looking at the feed 
Smoking on my weed 
Take a hit and get to trippin on you, motherfuckers, wolf 
If. I hear somebody say: I'm fuck this bitch at a show where she 
When it come to pimpin' I'mma play it by the book. 
Walk behind a nigga use the shadow of a pimp, 
And everything you hoes ever done to me. We number one bitch 
Skip to my lou and kick rocks when you dip 
Fuck'em and I cut'em bitch. You already know 
Pick your poison and bring your boys in this motherfucker. So they can come and
carry. The body out the door
 
