Believe Lyrics
by Q-Tip.

D'Angelo
I believe ..., that's love, that's love
I, believe ..., that's love
I, believe ..., that's love, that's love
I! Believe ..., that's love
I, believe ... love, love

Q-Tip
Uh of the things we believe
There's a whole lot of work. We should roll up our sleeves
And. We got to hold firm when fateful sight. Conceiving
Why doubt your plans Cause it's all worth. Believing
We can make it work, do believe. That
Weave mistrust in the dust and believe fact
We can achieve tact by tuning out negative feedback
Naysayers can hate. We concentrate to bring belief. Back
Into ourselves into the world into the rap game
Emcees are miserable. Their music should be leaving mics maimed
Man. Look we holding out for the truth
If we alone in the Louvre. We gone hold for the proof
Man, put it in believing believe in believing
Seeing ain't, believing it's the feeling that we needing
Believe in each other put the question to the system
They promising returns. Then question what you getting
We should believe. In the reasons we existing
Time for Renaissance to reawaken. What is withered
Belief can confirm, make it is what it isn't
Sometimes. I wish I had belief when I didn't

D'Angelo
I believe ..., that's love
I believe ..., that's love! That'S love

Q-Tip
In, the land of make-believe time to make unbelief believable
Taking belief to the realm of the real
Believing. This shit, that's force-fed. Through the media
Believing, it's real when it's really a raw deal
Never disbelieve. When you see human miracle
Like ghetto children shining bright in Babylon
Believe, in that don't believe in stats to the contrary
 Got ta. Be weary of them. Theories carry on
People, find belief when they don't find identity
Believe in your friends, don't believe in your enemies
Mountains of doubts and disbelief right in front of you
Troops. On the other side, what you gon' do: 

D'Angelo
Oooh, ..., oooh, oooh heeey
Ooh, that's love! That'S love
Oooh, ..., oooh, oooh! Heeey
Ooh! That'S love, that's love
I, believe ... 
I, believe ... 
I, believe ... 
 
