Believe Me Remix Lyrics
by SwizZz.

I place my faith in my niggas more than they do themselves 
So. I have to be the example and do it by myself. 
But. It won't be long until we get back on the same page. 
My girlfriend broke up with me now: who's up for a gang bang, Ha 
I'm, ready and willing. Feeling I can't be stopped. 
Soul searching salute to Dizzy and Manny Scott 
Your simple mind: has you stuck in a box? 
Gobstopper look partner, no one's fucking with us. No 
Legendary label changes standards, fuck the system 
You fit in even more when you try too hard to be different, 
Now how'bout. When I camp and only hope and pray, you listen 
And grasp the message before your fucking funds are insufficient 
Cause living without a goal and planning without belief. 
Only sets you up to get swallowed by grief, 
Only a few validate. What they preach telling lies through their teeth
 
You, found comfort in denial. Pillow talking to sleep 
See, my father is a drummer, so I beat up the beat 
Silicon Valley flow. Baby watch me get geeked 
Don't, be humbled by your piffle cause that bullshit doesn't slide fool. 
For, my family, I would die for any day of the week, yup 
Nothing's embellished. What you tell us is irrelevant: 
You, just don't have the vision now watch it unfold and settle in 
We run this independent shit, backpedaling 
Be, cautious, with whose business that you meddle in gentlemen, 
I'm SwizZzle, don't you know that I go in until I collapse 
R.I.P to N.A.T.E D.O double G. I po' that 
I left school. I will not go
back under armor click. Clack call that 
Plan to pipe a pretty bitch with an asset. That'S worse than Borat's 
I got the shit that you need check the logo on the sleeve 
What's 500. For a feature fuck, it I'ma raise the fee 
Fuck it I'm a razor's edge, this motherfucker off a tree 
Not resisting what happens? I just relax and let it be 
Let it breath ahh ... Yup, let's rock 
Valley-bred, so I put in work for that west side. 
Thirst bitch got you posing naked with your legs wide 
Waiting for that instafame you'll eat a dick to get a like ho 
Seeking satisfaction in vain, 
Filthy bitches thinking they models hoeing out for a name, 
Should be ashamed, desperate for something you'll never attain 
Your confidence is Artificial coke is frying, your brain dummy 
I, bully you take lunch money, 
Superman punch if act, funny, 
Those at top, don't get comfy, 
FV's a bunch of wolves and we getting hungry
 
