Ben's Song Lyrics
by Two Crown King.

You need to know – along your road, -.
\- I will follow you in where you go.

It's been a couple minutes since I've seen you, -.
\- and just as I expected, every thought has been of me and you.
And seeing you the way you were, the way I know you are, -.
\- is the way that I'll remember everyday for ever on.
But I want to go back to having you around, -.
\- cause I'm getting these memories, and they're heavy and letting me down.
Getting me down. Getting me drowned in my own thoughts, -.
\- and even though I know they won't I still hope they don't stop.
But let it be known I'm a man of my word.
When I speak people listen, cause they probably heard, -.
\- that I'm a class act; raised right; a little bit of stage fright;.
Able to drop anyone, but really I hate fights; and -.
\- I like my late nights; and I like to party; and I -.
\- like watching movies with Elvis; kicking karate; and I'd -.
\- get in the way of a train for a friend; and my.
\- time with my family's the most that I spend; and I -.

\- {stay strong} no matter the shit shovelled; and at -.
\- {last call} I'm asking to get doubles.
See I took what you taught 'till you couldn't give more.
So now that you're passed on, I know what to live for.

You need to know – along your road, -.
\- I will follow you in where you go.
Is where I'll be, in case you need -.
\- someone to lift you if you feel you're weak.
If you feel you're weak.

It's been a couple months since I've seen you.
I dream when I sleep that you speak in my dreams.
You speak in my sleep. So I wake, but you sleep through.
Weak when I wake, and weep when I wake without you.
How are you? How are things? What have you been up to?
Me – I'm doing decent. Really, there ain't nothing much new.
But you know what I've been up to because you watch me.
You can see that every day I'm doing what you taught me.
I'll never be what's not me. You taught me to be real; -.
\- how to live; {how to love}; how to laugh; {how to feel};.
\- how to act like a man, and how to me the man I'm going to be; -.
\- and how to use the right fork when there's food in front of me; -.
\- and how to be the centre of attention when the time's right; -.
\- and when to step back, cause it's someone else's lime light.
And at times like this I get by, because I know when I need you -.
\- you're by my side.

I'd be lying if I told you that I don't cry.
I could probably hold it all in, but I don't try, -.
\- cause who you are is in this man, and.
\- who you were is who I am.

It's taken it's time. It's taken it's toll.
I've got to roll with the punches. So start with the punches. Roll.
I always hold my own like you told me to.

It'll be a little bit until I see you, -.
\- and though I'm getting anxious now, I'll never speed through.
Life's not a read through. We write it as we go.
And it's only at the end that we can read what we wrote.
It's then that we're gonna spend Ben and mom time.
I'll read all your pages, but you can read mine.
We'll laugh at the funny ones, and cry when it's sad.
And we'll talk about the things that I could only told dad.
I know you're getting ready for that day.
I know you'll be waiting when I'm heading in that way.
So hang on, mom. I'm coming, just not yet.
There is still a couple things that I've just gotta get.
There is still a couple things I need to see and do -.
\- until the next time I see you. So set the table, mom.
And don't you worry 'bout the forks, now. I got this.
Just save me a seat.

If you feel you're weak.
If you feel you're weak.
If you feel you're weak.
If you feel you're weak.

