Beneath The Stars Lyrics
by Twisted Insane.


Walk Beneath the sun Lie beneath the stars. 
We grow upon the earth And this is what we are 
 
On the bathroom floor, with a blade in my hand, in a puddle of piss 
Over coming darkness thinking. Where did shit go wrong if its coming to this 
Take a bottle of the Advil hoping it'll kill me if I only go to sleep 
It's to late to go back now shit? So I slit my wrists now, I'm in this shit
deep 
Looking at the blood run. A couple drips then shit. Now it's on like a puddle 
Now, I'm in trouble, nothing. I can do right now only run for my shuttle. 
Blood started gushing. I could feel my soul was rushing I fucked up and now my
former self is leaving 
Everybody get they reasons, and this shit is all exterior. No more internal
bleeding 
I. Remember when I was a little kid hide in trash, can lids always suffering
abrasions. 
I would always talk to my friends like Time and time again, another day
another, beatin' 
They, say time, heals all wounds, but I've been fucked up ever since I was a
child 
So troubled and wild. Why? You think in every school picture I never did smile 
Ain't been happy in a while 
But. I remain humble. They tell me I'm an animal. What the fuck else you
expect. I grew up in a jungle 
And now I'm all fucked up on the bathroom floor. Just sittin' here, bleedin' 
Thinkin''bout leavin' before my son, come in and see me not breathin
' 
 
And. Now, I'm all fucked up with a bullet in my chest and I'm prayin' to Jesus 
Never did before but fuck it. If I go right now, they'll be all believers
 
It's funny how niggas all get to praying when they get up in a situation. 
If you go right now in the end. Do you think God is the one you'll be facin' 
Maybe? It could be satan shit. Maybe nobody could be waitin' 
Maybe. We all end up in a fuckin' box with a lid on top shit is up for
debating 
But. The fact of the matter is, if I don't know, then you don't know either 
Brain washed as a kid to believe in your parents' beliefs, just ask the
preacher 
I was in the corner by myself. Looking at the other kids knowin', I was
different 
I was gifted and it's been that way. Ever since I was an infant 
Brain off in the distance, Never thought my shit could be rattled 
Lost in a den cause. I'M knowin' I be off in the pen if a nigga do tattle 
One bite of an apple niggas, sufferin', the root of all evil, 
People that get shot and stabbed, but nobody laugh at the murderin' of all
people 
And. Now, I'm all fucked up on the bathroom floor. Just sittin' here, bleedin' 
Thinkin''bout leavin' before my son, come in and see me not breathin', 
 
In, the bathroom with a glass half full, but a pool, half empty 
Stumbling back barely can walk. Do you wan na take another shot, 
Don't tempt me 
I will have enemized. My own life from my own actions, 
Learn from mistakes and every move that a nigga make will cause a reaction, 
I blacked out last night. All that I can recall was, I was faded 
Standin' on top of a rock at a bonfire screamin'. I fuckin' made it 
My life. I fuckin' hate it, I'm a full blown alchy 
My life's in danger. They tell me I'm a perfect stranger, just like Balki 
Feelin', so independent feelin' like I was killin''em walkin' up on a
station I'mma hit'em, with venom like it was ten of'em 
Fill'em with and
then murder'em with the verbal and people'll call it venomous, 
But shit, that's only life for The moment, how can I win when time's my
opponent 
I don't care so I'mma keep winnin' and push to the wind like I've, been
annointed 
I've been avoided by the whole world cause a nigga only had one pair of
clothes 
Sleepin on the sidewalk right there on the sidewalk. You people don't know
 
And. Now, I'm all fucked up on the bathroom floor, just sittin' here bleeding 
Thinkin''bout leavin'. Before my son come in and catch me not breathin', 
 
