Best of Me Lyrics
by Swoope.


All of the things I do for love.
Wondering if it's good enough.
I can't let it take control of me.
But I promise I'll stay.
I promise, you'll see.
I promise to give you the best of me.

Will I let you down? Will I disappoint?
If it's too many bars, will you miss the point?
Rapping that Similac or giving.
voice to the loins.
Making music for the shows or explicit joints.
Paying homage to the heads, the Killa Bee's.
A bunch of similes over Dilla beats.
Or maybe I instead start mimicking the industry.
Get trapped in a genre that isn't me.
I know you gotta play the game for the victory.
Balance is the challenge, selling out is a quick defeat.
Trying not to let my identity.

Whether or not you're impressed by my wordplay.
Drama that my verbs make, keeping me in first place.
Was that line offensive? Should you run it back?
Did you catch that metaphor on the first play?
Is my status based off of endless tweets?
If you're talking classics, will you mention me?
I don't wanna let y'all down, what if you don't feel me?
Will you have a field day if this feels weak?
I know I probably shouldn't say this.
But hey it's Sinema, I'm giving you the real me.
Is this pressure.
Because I made my success an obsession? Am I lesser?
When Christ says that I'm already accepted now.
This standard that I'm holding up the reason I can't let you down.

It's been two years, and I am afraid of.
Not making a classic that's not Wake Up.
The weight of, the weight of the last one kinda takes a.
Toll on my heart, pay up, keep it in line, shape up.
Taper, gonna take a whole lot more to.
fade us.
You see what my heart's made of, darker than Darth Vader.
Want the Marc Jacobs.
More than the ladder that's marked Jacob's.
The latter is far greater, former is small taters.
Compared to the glory the Lord's been storing for our sake cuz.
After Revelation, way before Sega.
That's Genesis, His image is making.
us far greater.
So I ain't gotta measure up to your standard.
Cuz I know I don't measure up to your standard.
Perfection of the cross says I'm inadequate handle this.
My heart wasn't made for glory.
But the blessing of the cross says I'm that equipped to battle this.
Why? Cuz Jesus stands before me.
I'm human, I'm prone to fail you, on E.
So at some point I'm gonna fail you, sorry.
It's freedom in that, so stop stressing.
On whether I'm hot or not, stop guessing.
I don't need your two thumbs up, so stop texting.
Perfection is the goal, but excellence is accepted.
All last year I was wrestling with depression.
School of hard knocks till I finally learned the lesson.
You don't learn to trust God till you gotta trust God.
Don't learn you got nothing until it's just God.

All of the things I do for love.

