Betrayed Lyrics
by Wordsworth.

Feat. Skeematics 
 
Feeling betrayed by the things you do. 
I don't give a fuck who you are I'm superstar 
Flying through the airways high 
Don't, give a damn I'll, live it or die. 
 
Feeling betrayed by the things you do. 
I, don't give a fuck who you are: I'm superstar 
Flying through the airways high 
Don't, give a damn I'll, live it or die. 
 
Being successful is course, and a gift 
People swear that they know me on a personal tip. 
My, close friends are amongst the first persons to flip 
Want my life 
Probably wishing at birth we were switched, 
That person was Nick 
And find my parents said not to talk to strangers, 
Keep out of danger in the X-Man and Power Rangers 
Transformers at nine 
Was. At obvious, at that time, 
Daddy stole my Optimus Prime 
Subtle signs that I notice, as grown man, 
I'm, zoning and honing on moments should know, was omens. 
Could have known when I'm alone and doing radio he's not 
There. That'S when all the haters would phone in 
Stardom will always stark them. 
Until, you start to starve them 

That's when they wan na be best friends, 
Fake friends at the wedding wonna be best men pretend 
 
Yesterday. I court my lady in lies. 
My lady denies 
The question. If the baby is mine, 
I swore that I'd stick around till the baby arrives 
Snooping around like a ninja in some crazy disguise 
But these Nike's ain't, my shoe size, 
In, the mirror saying that she want's a bigger boob size, 
Contacts and a new ride. 
Disagreeing got me being two timed: 
Found condoms: 
We ain't used them ever since she got her tube sided. 
See us park. A lot 
Fretting like she park to shop, 
A green Jeep pulled up next to her 
In. The parking spot. 
My heart had dropped 
Once. I saw the doors on the car was locked 
Saw, the car start to rock. Of course, it was hard to watch 
She had other lovers before 
Don't my son, to discover his mother 
Is, undercover, a whore 
She's sleeping with the brother in law, 
I'm creeping with the sister to settle the score 
It's. Just the luck of the draw betrayed. 
 
Deception can be fatal. 
Your buys waving weapons to persuasive you, 
For, the safe combination or the spray you 
In E.R. naked on the table with some seconds 
Just. To save you, a reflection, 
In portrayel of betrayel 
When, your recording the jam. You call me 
But the court you on cam 
Taking out of hand. Damn you was fam 
So who your calling your man 
I, ask those. Once you pass 
Don't put gas in your coroners van betrayed: 
 
