Better Man (skit) Lyrics
by Vivian Green.

There was a man, his paper much longer.
Whose house is in order.
Livin' on a whole 'nother level than you.

Ain't gotta get material things from chicks.
Frontin' like you get it, the credit couldn't get it.
In and out the district, failed to pay child support.
For your own kids and you don't even give a ish.

Hey Mister, you a misfit.
Once I got your digits, I got you out my system.
I know your number when I discovered.
Lost all respect for you as a man, forget a lover.

I need you to understand.
That, baby, there's a better man, better than you.
What you talk, he can walk in his shoes.

I need you to understand that.
Baby, there's a better man who's better than you.
The sad thing about it is you could be like him too.

There is a man whose decisions are much wiser.
Always there when I need him.
Never fronts for outsiders.
But you wanna be arrogant, ignorant.

Do and say the worst things.
Like I don't remember it.
You probably won't remember this.
Cause you're selfish.
You're your own worst enemy, damn, you're helpless.

Take advantage of your loved ones.
Baby, you're the lost one.
Might win some but you just lost one.
And it ain't even gotta be like that, no.
I can't believe you wanna be like that, no.

I need you to understand.
That, baby, there's a better man, better than you.
What you talk, he can walk in his shoes.

I need you to understand.
That, baby, there's a better man.
Who's better than you.
The sad thing about it is you could be.

I thought that you would see me do my evolution.
But I guess I'm starin' down your layers with pollution.
You say I'm trash and I always put you last.
Not fast and furious, I'm just young and curious.

So don't blame me cause you tried to tame me, crazy.
You know I ain't tamable, us that got inflammable.
Thought I was permanent but now I'm interchangeable.
Guess she wasn't right and now with all the foolish things I do.

Now you say I'm the worst but I had you at first.
It took a minute for you to say you was finished.
It ain't your fault cause I did it, I pushed it over the limit.
But thanks for the privilege of having you was part of my village.

Umm, part of my image but I don't mean to look like.
To take your heart crook tight, I'm still trying to get right.
So I'm eating my spinach though I know that we're finished.
I'll just do better the next relationship that I get in, get it?

I wanted to be your partner.
But I couldn't go any further.
Couldn't ride the tide but you passing germ.
While I crashed and burned in the flame.

And I can't make it change.
You stringin' in a group now.
When you are your own man.
Is a waste of time for me.
Cause I can't make it better if you don't wanna be.

I need you to understand.
That, baby, there's a better man, better than you.
What you talk, he can walk in his shoes.

I need you to understand that.
Baby, there's a better man, better than you.
The sad thing about it is you could be like him too.

Baby, baby, now tell me, why, why don't you wanna be better?
Why don't you wanna be better?
Yeah, ooh, baby, ooh, baby, baby, ooh.
What you, what you talk, he can walk in his shoes, yeah.
What you talk, he can walk in his shoes, yeah.
Ooh, baby, oh, you can be a better man, a better man.
Better man, better man.

