Better (Harder Than Ever) Lyrics
by Swych.


Gohan, this isn't going to be a holiday. We came here to train..
Listen son, you're going to become a Super Saiyan!
Yes.

Uh.
If I say Ima do it, then Ima do it!
Yeah, but there's always room for improvement!
Yeah, there's always room for improvement!
There's always room for improvement!
If I say Ima do it, then Ima do it!
Yeah, but there's always room for improvement.
Yea, and there's always room for improvement.. Haha.

Umm, now who's this? You may not know.
But after this, I'll be the one that they say got flow.
I got 4-wheel drive, rain, shine, snow.
With no 4x4's, this so autooooo-.
-Matic, I'm a hot 16 addict, beams scattered.
I am gon', make them all foooooo-.
Cus. Hocus Pocus.
Stagelights glowin..
Watch me po' an.
Ocean of emotions, slowly.
my ghost floats &amp;.
Foes go in motion, knowing he's explodin'.
So it's like a disaster, another local rapper.
Claimin' he got a flamin' passion, no homo.
Yea yea, pause &amp; all that.
They wanna see me with my pajamas all black.
At the funeral for my dreams but I'm gettin' better at this.
If practice makes perfect, I'm tryna become practice.

They told me.
I should quit.
But I can't quit.
No never.
They told me.
I should quit.
But that only makes me better.
Uh! So this time I'm goin' harder than ever, this time I'm goin' harder than.
ever, I'm tryn' tellem now!
This time I'm goin' harder than ever, this time I'm goin' harder than ever,.
I'm tryn' tellem now!
This time I'm goin' harder than ever, this time I'm goin' harder than ever,.
I'm tryn' tellem now!
The competition looks stronger than ever, but I was made for this, I'll be.
goin' on for forever.
I Does This.

To the best of my ability.
Actually rather naturally attackin' these tracks so simply.
As my talent adds to itself with each single rap I'm spittin'.
Backin' up the trash I talk like ad lib'd lyrics.

Masterin', each aspect.
As I reflect, on the past tense, I.
Take a nap in a hot tub time machine, it.
Brings me back to a time of peace, when.
I couldn't even spell hate.
H-A-T-E, things change.
And I've changed, goin' insane.
Tryna sensei my pen game make them say.
I rap well as a blackbelt.
Deliverin' punchlines that lack health with mad stealth, I'm that ill.
!
Better add pills, not no normal advil.
Been had skills, now I'm writin' tracks' wills.
And everything is goin' to me.
'Cuz I put too much into perfectin' my flow on a beat.
A lot of things changed, I can't even hold the receipt.

Still tryna become what they told me I never could be.
I'm half Saiyan, I get stronger with every defeat.
And I've been killed inside like a million times.
Now everything I'm saying is Super, Goku when Krillin died.
Ha, but I could never let my feelings hide.
Ha, I want my bills stacked ceiling high.
That's just a plus, I do it for the music.
Life is a roller coaster, it adds amusement.
Heatwave won't stop 'til it's mad hot.
Treatin' every moment like my last shot.

