Big Faces Lyrics
by Yung MillzZ.


Flo straight from pluto.
Rings coming from saturn.
On my Lewis Milestone nigga I'm Up And At Em.
Swagg on 300 all the way down to my atoms.
Next years J's Mike ain't even know that I had em.
Black Flag out my back pocket.
CFSG Ghost Tee.
Pimping wit precision all the way down to my goatee.
Rock perrias and pop perion.
On top wit no cherry on.
Mouth busy spitting fire got time to talk to y'all nary homes.
Conversate wit Big Faces Little ones we can't talk no more.
If I see ya girl take her off the floor.
If I break her back she can't walk no more.
And thats all fasho get her girl when I'm off the show.
Gotta get to the paper bird flipped to haters.
Make a hit drop the faders then I'm out the door.
Boss Shit on G I ain't gotta talk shit.
Niggas said I'd be on and off then they heard the tape &amp; straight lost it.
I do that, cuz nothin quite like that red white blue black nigga.
Reppin 623 300 money gang but you already knew that.

Conversate wit Big Faces Little ones we can't talk no more.
If I see ya girl take her off the floor if.
I break her back she can't walk no more ooh.
She can't walk no more after that we can't talk no more.
If I see ya girl take her off the floor if.
I break her back she can't walk no more.

Don't trip she ain't no stick chase.
Only if he gets paper.
Know she gon get impatient.
Wit a nigga who ain't talkin bout big faces.

Yapping on the LG Ben Franklin On Call Waitin.
Chopping up wit Hamilton when Woodrow gon get updated.
Yo best shit I'm upstagin, whole kliq looking up at pavement.
Status can't get upgraded get on yo adele and just chase it.
Handle teeth crooked shit must need braces.
All my dream cars white a nigga must be racist.
Presales bust I got my old chick a facelift.
Took the rest to the mall &amp; left my wardrobe faceless.
All white everthing Shoe game is caucazoid.
Ya baby momma saw my white walters couldn't help but get that almond joy.
&amp; I'mma Let her like Wayne said I'mma Let Her.
That said if I'mma letter plus I'm a 6 then I'm just one better.
3 stacks I'm focused 3 stacks get on y'all hopeless.
3 stacks go home y'all rejoice but 3 stacks come back y'all broken.
Wish that I would fall off I couldn't if I tried.
So connected wit this shit Ben still sittin on the line.

