BIGending Lyrics
by Punsy.

You don't wan na war with Gainer unstoppable force of nature
Organ taker, shoulder breaker orphan maker soul eraser
Known for turning bones to vapor. When I stop to focus anger
On a hater. I'll, give you a short disclaimer you're in danger
From, this california native masterpiece, orchestrator
Nothing short of greatness breaking meters on performance, gaugers
, ... I'll, be quick to terminate ya like I'm swcharwzenggar
Don't, give a damn bout. What you're sayin, like I'm schwarzeneggar
Bringing cali to it's knees like schwarzeneggar
We'd, be happy if you leave like schwarzeneggar
Dudes cocky cuz they're, sorta, famous. Rollin in old lesabres
Claiming they're holding paper for their porsches later
You're, not a rapper You're, a corporate gangster
Like Noreaga and wack, as lil wayne was Before he came, up
I'll snatch their profits like a mortgage banker
And, make sure you players, don't dime from me, like a boring. Waiter
A bar from me is like twenty days in a torture chamber
The following would be so hot it'll torch. The chamber
My punchlines are forming craters up to 40 acres
Deep into the ground. It'S so loud. The underworld is shaking
Speak of the devil, torn the horns from satan
Broke them both and placed em on his own pitch fork and shanked em
My heart's a frozen glacier, no amount of warmth can change it
That's. Why? I turn to Norman bates when I see corny fakers
Coming out with swords and sabers, with the form of Vader
Taking a little bit off the top like a corded shaver
Now. Your ass is grass that I'm cutting like foreign labor
Break your neck. Turning heads like a gorgeous stranger
Have em in the corner, waiting right before I spank em
For, their poor behavior. I'll snap on em like a florida gator
Killing off all these pests like an Orkin Sprayer
Saw, your failure beforehand, like the Norbit trailer
I, took the throne and claimed it.. Now I'm adored a favored
So many votes in favor, like I'm trying go for mayor
Compared to most I'm facing yes, of course, I'm greater
Me and rap coordinate like megazords and rangers
And. I don't even write no more., I just focus waiting
Then. I all the words I'm thinking ... instantly warp to paper
I'm a wii and ps3 you're, a cordless Sega
You're weak as psp when we they import from asia
Throwing hands, with no emotion like a Poker player
I'm that guy you don't wan na see like a dorky, neighbor
Hip hop's, my Residence you're, a home invader
The one to find your head and limbs will be a forest ranger
Making bets with your life. You can't afford to wager
You'll get ate like assorted, flavors of pork and bacon
You'll sport. A halo today, yo my rhymes more than fatal
You'll need more than prayer. I'M taking you to your lord and savior
I should be in the hall of fame with lawrence Taylor
Cuz. You know I'm holding it down like a warship anchor
The day you get signed because you're amazin'
Will be the same day that the oakland raiders play the portland blazers
In soccer on a tennis court in Vegas, ... 
Cats so broke these days. They travel by horse and trailer
I'm, showing people no respect public urinators
Me dtf get praise like we were born in mangers
I, always exercise my skills like a sports gym. Trainer
These cats can't hold my attention. Bored fifth grader
I show rap's true beauty like a portrait, painter
Punsy Mchale rhyme, precision like homing lasers
You being better at rap, I will never will have it
That will never happen like eric clapton, going on tour with slayer
 ..., i'm getting it in like a fornicator
Punsy murdered. These beats check the morning papers
 
