Bill Mosienko (21 Seconds) Lyrics
by Wordburglar.


It was Sunday, March twenty-third, 1952.
Chicago versus NY down six to two.
Four goals behind, just a few minutes left.
But the pony line right winger wasn't finished yet.
Bill Mosienko wasn't playing for show.
One of the greats on skates and a name you should know.
Hall of fame record holder no one's maken it close.
Twenty one seconds, three goals made in a row.
The game ain't over till you hear the buzzer man.
Like you know the home team from the colors in the stands.
Something you can understand, never quit.
Bill brought 'em back and they won seven-six.
It wasn't the championship or even the playoffs.
It was hard work, and not believing in days off.
It pays off, you won't win you don't try first.

3 goals, 21 seconds.
True story, if anyone's guessing.
My dad always told me Bill Mosienko.
You never give up, Bill Mosienko.
Especially when they say you're insane, bro.
You don't stay in the game, you own attain pro.
My dad always told me Bill Mosienko.
Anything can happen, Mosienko.

Get open, catch a pass, and give it a slap.
Small puck big net, simple as that.
If there's time on the clock, you got time for a shot.
Bill Mosienko, that guy in the ?
Whether ?'s hot, lace your skates, take your place.
Get your game face straight, no plays to wait.
Where the puck drops, is where the greats await.
Whether you're making crazy saves or taking breakaways.
Amazing race is where greats are made.
Blades of steel but no razors don't shave your face.
In the race stay focused keep your stick on the ice.
That's exactly how I feel when I'm ripping the mic.
Right? Right.
I know you're probably like:.
What? Come on! Was it a time out? Did the other team know the game was on?
21 seconds for 3, that's the top score.
And what's crazy they say he almost got four.

3 goals, 21 seconds.
True story, if anyone's guessing.
My dad always told me Bill Mosienko.
You never give up, Bill Mosienko.
Especially when they say you're insane, bro.
You don't stay in the game, you own attain pro.
My dad always told me Bill Mosienko.
Anything can happen, Mosienko.

