Bill Murray Lyrics
by Sweatshop Union.


Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill.
Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill.
Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill.
Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill.
Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill Murray.
Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill.

I keep it Bill Murray.
Vision real blurry and it's still early.
Suntory in my breast pocket flask.
In my left pocket, yes, got the best chronic stash that's.
Bill Murray, you're Chevy.
Chasin' a dream.
Makin' a scene running around wastin' your steam.
No matter how hard you try you'll never wake up and be.
Half the man me and Bill is was then and still is.
Hands down the Billest!

There really ain't another one.
Grand like your mother's mum, hands off the cummerbund.
Chill, you ain't Murray, Bill, more like O'Reilly.
So try me, there's only Zuul there's no Mos Eisley.
So Pete Venkman, smoke ghost weed.
Rob a bank in a clown suit without shooting, Thank You.
Sweatshop is the damn crew, Genius, Abbot Clan Wu.
Serious delirium when Bill is on his Manchu.

I keep it Murray 'til I'm buried.
Underground dirty even then still Murray.
Steve Zisou down to the toque on.
Keep crowds moving from the Yukon to Tucson.
Top Billin', nicest on the mic, yes still.
Even cotton mouthed you could call me Cypress Bill.
Murray, feel that shit.
Real class act, classic, Billmatic.

Who or what really fuckin' with old wild William?
Roam with the buffalo, the ill pilgrim.
Might be the good guy, likely the villan.
But it's still just civilian Bill up in the building.
Skilled in the art of belittling idiots.
Sippin' hot pots of coffee hittin' Rothman cigarettes.
Y'all need to kill it with that scripted gimmick shit.
I spit on Tenenbaums and keep it Billegitimate.

Bill's had it, bill it to the game again.
Cut like a razors edge, don't attempt to reign him in.
Background lounge lamping handing out the Jameson.
Murray doing that Kingpin impression for the lady friend.
Eh! Eh! Ask em for the sake.
Cheers to your health Bill, pass the futomaki.
Actually, who really the realest? Classy, gentlemen killers.
Bixby, anyone feel us?
Bitch, please. We Biller than Bill is.

Who you gon'- who you gon' call?
Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill.
Who you gon'- who you gon' call?
Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill Murray.
Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill.

