Birthday Suit Lyrics
by Switch Floz.


This for all my girls celebrating pop it like a bottle, keep that booty.
twerking.
And I'm gone pin this money across your chest girl, it's your birthday.
Get naked if you want to, show some titties girl.
Now pop that tootsie roll in a circle, while your friends scream get it girl.
They came out to get noddy, sipping on goose and Bacardi.
Got a bday gift we can both unwrap in the back it's a mag extra larggy.
But please do not bring your shorty ugly hoes fuck up the party.
Tell her suck, my dick, they not invited.
I told her to get it, get it, low, low, split it, split it, oh whoa.
Baby look good from her stylish hair to her manicure toes, oh.
It's pink and wet like Nuevo, your boy friend act up you know.
We draw fours like uno, that a flip em over like Yu-Gi-Ohp.

Damn girl, make a wish, gone blow it.
You see the magic stick ok the candle keeps glowing.
Ooh vanilla frosting, I'm gone eat the cake.
I get it sticky and wet like ice cream in between, happy birthday day, hey!

and Switch floz.

All my Virgos, Leos, libras.
Pisces, Aquarius, Capricorn and my Cancers.
Sagittarius, Aries and Taurus.
Gemini and Scorpios Yall know yall are freaky freak freaks, freaks!

She said it's her birthday and she just turn 21.
Daddy girl got brand new car no curfew let's have her some fun.
She want to hit the club and after the club it's a after party room 2-oh-1.
Want a nigga to smack it up  flip it up  rub it  down.
I'm on patron, tron, grey goose is gone, gone.
Hennessy empty, ciroc get me rock, let's get it on, on.
I'm also driddy, oops I meant tipsy.
That remy, got got a bad bitch wet like Trina, Kimmie, give me some nicki, I.
mean Becky.
You know like Plies, oh girl don't act shy.
Please excuse my han-nds, my bad boo I'm sor-ry.
She said don't wor-ry, take it as a war-ning.
My g made me slap them balls against her walls like Atar-ri.

Damn girl, make a wish, gone blow it.
You see the magic stick ok the candle keeps glowing.
Ooh vanilla frosting, I'm gone eat the cake.
I get it sticky and wet like ice cream in between, happy birthday day, hey!

Haha, RIP to all the die'n to meet me, Switch Floz you bastards, PNG.
FLIPBOYZ!
You know everyday it's a strippers birthday, freaks.

