Biter's Block Lyrics
by Rugged Intellect.


This is the biters block.
A place where amateur rappers.
Can start to mimic their favorites to get a slice of props.
In '86 these cats would probably die.
But everybody wanna bite since 50 trying to be Ja.

I'm sick of haters, my flow is colder than refrigerators.
Half these kids are brainless and famous for being imitators.
They say that Big's the greatest; I ricochet, then rip the base.
And liberated the basis for all the innovators.
From Loon to The Realest, these fools are the biggest of biters.
They've proven their lyrics are stupid like bitches in diapers.
Like Shyne and Diddy, for biting Biggie is quite a pity.
All these guys are biddies like Janet and try to hide their titty's.
They play the part to be sloppy, these guys are carbon copies.
I'm calling out these impostors who's got the heart to stop me.
Just gimme a gun, it's risky to run.
People say my flow's equivalent to Biggie and Pun.
But I'mma pay homage, I.
stay honest cause I'm Bravehearted.
Plus my favorite song's by the artist they call the Nastradamus.
You imitators disintegrated, your tricks are dated.
Plus your bitchy favours are planted to being liquidated.

Yeah, this is the biters block, a place where amateur rappers.
Can start to mimic their favorites to get a slice of props.
Please shorty, you freaks bore me with each story.
Not to disrespect but you're sounding wacker than E-40.
I'm sick and tired of liars that got their shit from others.
Unoriginal dick suckers, they make me laugh like I'm Chris Tucker.
Silly rapping like Young Hov.
Word to Angelous, Bathgate and all them punk hoes.
The Game's analysis, lyrics hateful as Canibus.
And everybody know Lloyd Banks' faker than Fabolous.
These wack attackers should be laid in stretchers.
Cause you know they got their styles from Mason Betha.
You chasing cheddar? Make sure all of your shit's right.
Stop your dick riding and practice to get your spit tight.
And maybe one day cats will look up to you.
Telling you how they're loving you and bite you the way a sucker do.

They say: imitation is the best form of flattery.
If Pun was alive, would he flip and get at me?
Would he, call me a biter, tell me to get my own style?

What if Pac never died, where would X be?
Probably in the darkest of gutters with al the dead beats.
Rappers got their own steeze but they bit it.
Better quit it, quit it, lyrics predicted to flip digits.
Sick stitches, you're not the coming of Christ.
Talk about the guns and the price, the funds and the ice.
You best to be original, if you were striving to blow up.
Then take your wack ass home and make your own stuff.
Nobody likes a piece of shit that'll bite people.
Who's selling white's evil and might lead you to swipe needles.
So here's a piece of advice, I hope you listen to it.
Never duplicate, if you try to make it, just keep it stupid.

