BiTrektual Lyrics
by Voltaire.

Jason: Live long and prosper, if you're one of us.
Voltaire: May the force be with you, unless that phrase don't fit you.
Jason: Forever, we have been at odds.
Voltaire: Cause you're a drooling Trekkie.
Jason: Says the Lucas lackey.
Voltaire , Jason  : Whatever!

Jason: We are out in space the last frontier.
Jason: Seeking life that's new and strange out here.
Jason , Voltaire : and new civilizations in the great beyond.
Jason: boldly going where no one has gone.

Voltaire: Our tale is better in every way.
Voltaire: in a galaxy far far away.
Voltaire , Jason : a great adventure happened a long time ago.
Voltaire: but then I don't suppose that you would know.

Jason: We have ray guns we call phasers.
Voltaire: We have blasters AND lightsabers.
Jason: We have ships that fly at warp.
Voltaire: Yeah, it's called Hyperspace, you dork!
Jason , Voltaire : : We've got the Mugato and you have got.
Ewoks!
Voltaire: yeah, well, a guy who plays with tribbles shouldn't talk!

Jason: Oh come on let's not fight.
Jason , Voltaire : : it's so unintellectual.
Jason: How 'bout we join sides and be bi-trektual?
Voltaire:  that's disgusting.
Jason:  yeah, forget I mentioned it.

Jason: Klingons shooting at our starboard side.
Jason: We've got a hull breach on the Enterprise.
Jason , Voltaire : We drift into the neutral zone and we're on.
the wrong side.
Jason: We'd need a wormhole to get out alive.

Voltaire: On a moon of Yavin's where we hide.
Voltaire: We're having trouble with the hyperdrive.
Voltaire , Jason : This planet keeps on spinning and the Death.
star's now in sight.
Voltaire: We hope the rebels take it out in time.

Voltaire: Oh, come on let's not fight.
Voltaire , Jason : it's so unintellectual.
Voltaire: How 'bout we join sides and be bi-trektual?
Jason: Wouldn't it be nice.
Jason , Voltaire : and so much more effectual?
Jason: To put our cares aside and be bitrektual!

Voltaire: Think how awesome it would be a.
Voltaire: team up with Jean Luc and Leah.
Jason: Kirk and Chewie save the day.
Jason: blowing up a bird of prey.
Voltaire: Han and Spock they set a net.
Voltaire: and trap the Borg and Boba Fett.
Voltaire: While 3P0 and Data raid a Tie fighter to capture Vader.
Voltaire , Jason : : Luke and Worf get into it and blow the.
Deathstar into bits.
Jason: And then we throw the tribbles.
Jason , Voltaire : into the Sarlac pit.
Voltaire: and then we kicked the Ewoks into it.

Jason: Live long and prosper, so say we all.
Voltaire:  Wait, what?
Voltaire: May the force be with you, May the time Lords keep you.
Jason , Voltaire : Forever, we can Babylon.
Voltaire: There's no use debating.
Voltaire, Jason : the Stargate's waiting.

Voltaire: So come on let's not fight.
Voltaire , Jason : it's so unintellectual.
Voltaire: How 'bout we join sides and be bi-trektual?
Jason , Voltaire : So let's take the advice of an Asian homo-.
sexual....

Voltaire: Fellow Star folks, cool it down!
Robert Picardo: Celebrity voice impersonated.

Jason , Voltaire : Let's put our cares aside and be bitrektual!
Voltaire: Hell, I want to be Sci Fi multi-Trektual!

Jason:  Live long and prosper.
Voltaire:  May the force be with you!
Jason:  Never give up, never surrender!
Voltaire:  To infinity and Beyond!!!!!
Jason:  Really, Voltaire? Really?

