Bittersweet Smyphony Lyrics
by Tyam.


Flow ill, nothing sweet, won't cop no lattae.
You walking wit a limp, got the cott-toe-matae.
I been balling all my life, i ain't got no shop date.
They tired of the tick, so they watch that tock swaaaaay.
I mean tock sick, tell me i am not sick.
Got dreams in crocc skin &amp; the drop with.
Take a break &amp; now I'm seeing that they love to hate us cause I'm 17 but.
I'm flowing like I'm 28.
My future set up, you living for a funny fate.
Give me the raaang, look you could have a sunny date.
It'll make me stronnnnger, so i can keep my money safe.
It could take a long time, now i know i wanna wait.
Wait, ill rise to a better day.
Tell you my whole life, rhymes is my resume, allowance wasn't cutting it now.
I'm looking for a better pay.
April let me down, now I'm for a better may.
Same philosphy, I'm on to the next one and ride for thee' apostrophe, I'm.
showing in possession.
Uhh I'm showing I'm the best one.
Degression is testunn, i move for progression.

I'm always spitting verbs.
I was fresh mouth..was sup maaa, nappy heads now I'm throwing out the beads.
like mardi graaaa.
&amp; i was always acting tuff, so I'm sorry mom.
I appreciate you gave me everything you never had.
&amp; to the rest, i was blessed just to have em, clothes on the rack thought.
about me so they graaaabbed em.
For the shows… man i always knew to show up wouldn't forget the support… if i.
was to blow up.
I said a certain bar got my family like you know what?
My father kept me clean with a ceasar kept the low cut.
My mother sense of humor like that girl got no butt.
About whats inside she taught me to say so what uhh.
Fresh to death… because of them I'm still a living meeeee.
So i appreciate everything that you have given me.
Everything you've given me.

I hope its better sea.
Nothing tatted clothes but I'm looking for a better T.
Like the change from averex, to double geeee.
Ima prodishay uhhh, i mean a prodigy they hating but they ain't saying nathen.
it doesn't bother me.
Look what competition is man i should never fear it, shout out to all my fans.
for knowing all my lyriiiiiicccssss.

I ain't done know, keep it going.

Its like evil when them aggies still asking me to hear it.
You rapping for a hobby, i do it because I'm gifted.
&amp; the boy is just a baby.
When i was young swag weeee called em wavy.
Look, he would do it no question when i was lazy.
Then he whined &amp; cried talking bout he made me.
But i know i go hard in the paint.
At times i thank god i know he sent me a saint.
Even though im younger im always someone to thank.
You signing with illuminati for millions up in your bank.
Look &amp; to my true few huh, you know who's who.
Fresh few in the bloom field high crew.
I love life &amp; i love y'all too.
I appreciate it wouldn't of made it wasn't for you.
Its true  like what it do.
So sick now I'm passing out the fluuuu huhh.
Yea , i loaned it back down to respect the authority.
I guess it all comes with a little maturity uhh.
I know who kelly be, but iono who teesha is.
I doesn't matter for everything I'm appreciative.

For everything I'm appreciative.
For everything I'm appreciative.
I know who kelly be, but iono who teesha is.
I doesn't matter for every one I'm appreciative.

