BKLYN Lyrics
by Ruste Juxx & Stone Tone.


Yeah 
Ruste Juxx nigga 
Crown Heights, 
 
Ay, yo B-K-L-Y-N, we back at it Juxx break, beats up and leaves the track
shattered 
Glock 40. Since a shorty I was dumping off. Cuz Crown Heights keeps that
bullshit, jumping off 
Back block murderers, pumping on that side strip come through stunting get
your windows and your ride hit 
M.O.P. ‘Ante up', that's the hood anthem. Get your moms kidnapped, pay a heavy
ransom 
Grew up on that Big, Daddy Kane ‘Smooth Operator' toting illegal desert, eagle
just to pop a hater 
My Boot Camp niggas, Brownsville repping with hollow tips, slugs flying out of
steel weapons. 
Biggie was my idol. Bed-Stuy fly nigga still kill shit when there's beef 
ready to die; nigga 
Put your body where they'll never find y'all, I'm from Kingston Ave, just
thought I'd remind y'all, Brooklyn, 
, 
Ay, yo, Brooklyn rule the world, every man, woman boy and girl 
Know when they see them niggas. Turning it out, 
They know that Brooklyn in the motherfucking house, 
Ay yo, Brooklyn rule the world, every man, woman boy and girl 
Know when they see them niggas. Turning it out. 
They know that Brooklyn in the motherfucking house, 
 
B-K-L-Y-N, we back at it, killing competition when clicking the blackmatic 
Bushwick to Flatbush niggas, take bread shooting up your funeral and leave
your wake red 
Dip on the po-nine burning, a big blunt another black male in jail, that's
what them Pigs want 
I, do it, how I do it so evil it look legal, my shit's, so dope got fiends I

Crown Heights. King Juxx's name ring you ain't, make it nowhere. Cuz you doing
the same thing: 
Nothing playing with yourself. You a bitch talking gossip and shit. You
Ain'T tryna get rich 
Yeah make me have to dig another ditch Brooknam soldier. I fire on a snitch 

Brooklyn baby 
, 
Ay, yo, Brooklyn rule the world, every man, woman boy and girl 
Know when they see them niggas. Turning it out. 
They know that Brooklyn in the motherfucking house, 
Ay yo, Brooklyn rule the world, every man, woman boy and girl 
Know when they see them niggas. Turning it out. 
They know that Brooklyn in the motherfucking house, yeah
 
