Blackbird (feat. lil los
by Woodie.

Woodie speaking.
Yeah this one for my boy Blackbird.
This your boy Woodie homie.
Still down here struggling dog.
Be there in a minute.
It's me, Lil' Los, Shadow, Lou-e-Lou.
Lil' bird in this muthaf*cka too.
This dedicated to you homie.
Blackbird!

Do you remember when I bought the seventy-five caprice glasshouse.
I came back to the Yoc after pullin' eight hundred cash out.
We took it to my pops shop.. And sanded it down.
Got it sprayed apple green, we sixteen through the town.
That was when the click down-n-dirty album just dropped.
And that Mr. flamboyant made them by 9's knock.
We were dippin' so hard we had the wheel comin' off the ground.
Tryin' to peel every notch in town.
While attemptin' to keep the yoc locked down.
Any scraps we ran across we hopped out and got down.
Drinkin' forties, smokin' bammer, earnin' stripes was our life.
Buyin' any strap we could, what good was a knife?
We was tryin' ta take 'em all out the game.
And at the same time have the hoes callin' our name.
We were naive and young.... Maybe even dumb.
But there's nothin' like the feelin' when the respect come.
Cause many recognized we got down to business.
And very capable of leavin' enemies wigs split.
We was kids.... showin' up to school the next day.
Like nothin' happened, it's all part of life in the bay...hey.
I guess our fathers bred some killaz.
But I'm still here and you're gone and I don't feel a.
Muthaf*ckin' thang of that, I wanna bring it back.
Blackbird! I wish I could bring ya back.

Blackbird dedicated his life to the game.
So if you're Norteno, remember his name.
Carlos Joseph Ramirez, a soldier much love.
Amongst any homeboyz that now rest above.
Blackbird dedicated his life to the game.
So if you're Norteno, remember his name.
Carlos Joseph Ramirez, a soldier much love.
Amongst any homeboyz that now rest above.

This is dedicated to my homie that never made it.
I reminisce and miss you even more when I'm faded.
You were always hated and misunderstood.
Just a down muthaf*cka that was reppin' his hood.
I wish you could come back like you did that one time.
When you walked up all good it nearly blew my mind.
As I rewind and think about that love you showed.
Especially when you let me know it's hard to let you go.
I know for sure you're in a better place restin' in peace.
With that struggle off your face.
Ain't nothin' gonna replace the times we all had.
Kickin' it in the alley drinkin' liquor smokin' mary sacs.
It really don't matter man for what you did.
I got your back 'till this day.
I gives a f*ck what they say.
Send my love to Ray.
I know he's up there hearin' this.
I bet your in the studio next to me feelin' this.
I wish I could get rid of this feelin' that I got.
When I smash thru the Yoc with your image in my knot.
Turn my back I will not.
Will forever be bound givin' love to my homie.
Pourin' liquor on the ground.
Always like a big brother protected me in the streets.
A homie like no other.
Was always real when he speaked.
Soon it'll be time for me so I'll see you later.
God bless rest in peace man and f*ck these haters!

Blackbird dedicated his life to the game.
So if you're Norteno, remember his name.
Carlos Joseph Ramirez, a soldier much love.
Amongst any homeboyz that now rest above.
Blackbird dedicated his life to the game.
So if you're Norteno, remember his name.
Carlos Joseph Ramirez, a soldier much love.
Amongst any homeboyz that now rest above.

I'm fosho of what I know my folks got murdered by the popo.
They tip-toed to unload exposed and cover up in coco.
Count me so don't doubt me cause up in my town.
There their ain't no cush and plantin' bushes the po's is crooked.
You'll see me creepin' up out of the bushes.
Look at the pain imposed, we lost Big Los.
I was gone awhile but they hit home.
Never thought it'd get so shady.
Lost the babies in our range is gone.
But remains are all but memories recollections and reflections.
I can move all of us.
That h is on our gauge is strapped trade by 7's smithin' west.
It's nothing too expensive cause we didn't have scratch.
But we had each others back.
Now I'm like damn man what happened to that?
I miss the times when we would ride times side by side before Los died.
I cried that night in the park but in my heart and mind you still alive.
So keep ridin' it's Blackbird.
Cause you never been no coward puttin' that phat work on you rivals.
Keepin' the title 'till it spiral out.
But now nothing to say wanna go back erase the game.
Change his fate for thangs attained insane.
Live it up in the strange and I remain to be the same old g.
You'll always see up in these streets with heat beneath the seat four g's.
I'm the creep no peace fire free and breeze.
Remember this underclubbin' never tendin' or pretendin'.
No surrender northern member.
Callin' the Blackbird look at the yappers.
Let's go back let's reminisce.
The click was thick but few were g's though.
You were ridin' hitless shoutin' at b*tches not f*ckin' P.N.C.
Hoes was creepin' up at the high you would deny.
We hittin' switches unless you would we with you.
So to you this is the tribute.

Blackbird dedicated his life to the game.
So if you're Norteno, remember his name.
Carlos Joseph Ramirez, a soldier much love.
Amongst any homeboyz that now rest above.
Blackbird dedicated his life to the game.
So if you're Norteno, remember his name.
Carlos Joseph Ramirez, a soldier much love.
Amongst any homeboyz that now rest above.

That sweat hit my forehead feel it trickle thru my skin.
Holdin' in my ghetto tears.
Blackbird let's remember gettin' drunk in H when BNT was around.
Cuttin' prices on the you know cars trafficin' it down.
But then when I did it you felt like we spitted.
Cause I was lost in that light and really was kickin'.
My bad I was gone in that fast pace one track mind.
Lift needed I would ride then a drop I would die.
When that sucka pulled a strap I snatched the strap out his hand.

Now that I'm thinkin' it's good that you did it.
Cause as paper was showin' that thang'n was snitchin'.
I'm grown now homie no more foolish behavior.
I'm the gent laced up with a 6th sense of a player.
I'm taking care of my daughter cause I don't need a father.
All that bullshit before this n*gga don't bother.
Still I'm northern Cali red caught a bud to their head.
Tryna get ahead or give a finger to the feds.
Can I drink it to heaven have mercy on our sins.
You understand and have compassion.
For the bod amongst friends.

All speaking.
Rest in peace playboy.
We all love you homie.
I'll never forget you Los.
Got a good game out homie.
But for that I'll be witchu right now.
Without a second thought.

Blackbird dedicated his life to the game.
So if you're Norteno, remember his name.
Carlos Joseph Ramirez, a soldier much love.
Amongst any homeboyz that now rest above.
Blackbird dedicated his life to the game.
So if you're Norteno, remember his name.
Carlos Joseph Ramirez, a soldier much love.
Amongst any homeboyz that now rest above.

