Blazing High Lyrics
by The World Famous Tony Williams.


All these bitches drunk as shit, all my niggas high as shit.
I'm just trying to find a chick that's flier than my prior bitch.
Higher than Mariah in a choir full of violins.
And louder than a microphone that's slightly near a lion's den.
Pass me that bong, inhale, astronaut flow, space jam.
Gas 'em like a rental, when I take off, tell the bitch take care.
Tree those niggas, I'm a G to them cause the OGs here.
And I believe in them, a couple lames out there had beef with them.
But everybody is a G with the weed in them.

How I want you to see how these things are looking to me.
I hope you don't see nothing wrong and darling.
I don't want you to feel what your eyes don't want me to hear.
But now that we're free, let's be gone, you got me blazing high.

She don't know me, she don't care, she just want a man that'll be right there.
To get it in, any minute, I'll be hit with a stare.
And when I'm done with her, ain't no other male to compare.
I'm living by simple rules, you don't fuck with me, I don't fuck with you.
See, the luxury that we accustomed to, I take a smut to eat.
Cause she don't touch her food cause she model bad.
Meet me in the tele where the lobby at, I'm probably there.
If not, I probably left the key with the concierge.
And got her room number, you can find me there.
Then switch cars like a valet, keeping hoes on they toes like a ballet.
Yeah, she right but she do a little wrong, Black Swan when it's on but I.
can't stay.

I'm like let's roll, let's roll, she's like let's go, let's go.
Had sex, watched Parks and Rec in the morning, I make you some Eggos.
I saw her like oh my god damn, look you're the shit huh?
Project Runway good at the mall but can still find deals at the thrift shop.

From the hotel, to the bedroom, to the Volvo, we're going too long.
Four Seasons, to the motel, to the floor, headed back up to the futon.
I fell in lust with the curves, she fell in love with the burst.
The only way it worked is cause she loved herself first, let's go.

