Blessings Lyrics
by Visionaries.

2Mex.
Subtle, signifying sonnets.
Not unlike low flying comets.
Evolving to love is loving to evolve.
Revolvers releasing the round of revolutions.
Entering earthlings, ending evolution.
Decision is the devil so I choose flakiness.
I refuse to exist in a life of job and debts.
Return to natural life empowered.
Futuristic flows from an unidentified flowers.

Dannu.
Fasten your heartfelt fast when I'm askin'.
Under spotlights, human sized microscope.
Keep the rhyme tight and dope, enough to choke.
Invisible mics in a circle full of hope.
The list of fist signs, the punch at crunch time.
Seems food for thought is lunch, what's for dinner?
Six winners plus a snack, we packed up wise.
Another blessing in disguise, hiphop be our guide.
The fact we push deep grind beats when we speak.
Pass a test said our best and not cheap underneath.
Well read said the spoken word, heard you wrote herb.
It's Dannu nice to meet you, very well served.

8 bars on the turntables.
Bless the mic, Bless the mic, Bless the mic for the god.

Lord Zen.
Locked deep within the self-consciousness lies the bad seed.
When at least I seep through the cracks to disturb the peace.
You can't get this dope without a prescription.
Over the counter versions fell prey to addiction.
Left to trail of victims from here to hell's kitchen.
Needles in veins, people in chains without a conviction.
Who says you're saved by the goods that you practice.
So involved in the scriptures you read, you lost your head like John the.
Baptist.
Right side of the brain cripples you like arthritis.

Key Kool.
In my Caprice Classic, thoughts concoct.
Tape deck broken, I got the boombox.
Listenin to musical ink blots brought.
By the funky president J Rocc.
who's sittin shot.
Plot developed, from the previous night.
Wake Up Show tour, Kobe Bryant on the mic.
I was like it's only right for a collaboration.
By consolidated members of two crew affiliations.
Visionaries. . . Beat Junkies..
What's up to the Forest hanging out in the trees.
Conglomerated musical expressions.
Times like these, I appreciate the blessings.

