Blessed Lyrics
by Tyler Gary.


Tyler be that magic immaculate known to rap a bit.
The master of the savages he madly stacking cabbage.
Thats way above human averages, and chances are he's had your bitch.
Spread her bread to giver her meat, just like a fucking sandwich.
All gold steelo....
My nigga Ray Ray got the pistol in the peacoat.
So don't you try and test me when the situations getting messy.
Fuck around and get your ass put on that ice.
Its like we watchin Mr. Gretzky.
I work a couple hours earn enough to buy a jet ski.
Why you think the skeezers on my arm are always super sexy?
They just like the paparazzi, attracted to success see.
If you got it and you earned it you deserve to be flexxxxing.
Well thats just how it reads inside my book.
Instead of being lame looking back at chances you never took.
High risk everything, Tyler been a businessman.
Why you think i can't count my blessings with just a single hand?

I'm blessed. I I I'm blessed.
I wake up with the women you only imagine undressed.
All I'm doing is hobbies and i'm still collecting them checks.
I could teach you how to flex.
T teach you how to flex.

These fuckin simpletons, built up of a different skin.
I'm not talkin colors I'm talking about the flesh within.
Tyler vs. the planet I bet ya that when the bets are in.
I'm capturing the king and assassinating his veterans.
It's easy to find somebody i'm better than.
Just point you fuckin finger and there he is, i'm serious.
My strokes are kinda different like Gary Coleman's fictional situation.
Don't matter your hue, I'm elevating over you....
Nigga! my brain waves bigger.
Got a thought process the size of Arnold Shwarzenegger.
When the sun falls we take a swig of something potent.
Party on a boat and I ain't talking bout what's floating on the ocean.
All i'll say is that the moon rocks.
Got these bitches wearing nothing but panties and tube socks.
Touch one of them bet you the whole crew flocks.
Ass had me like hip hop hooorah!

I'm blessed. I I I'm blessed.
I wake up with the women you only imagine undressed.
All I'm doing is hobbies and i'm still collecting them checks.
I could teach you how to flex.
T teach you how to flex.

Alright, okay.
I'll show, you how.
To plant, your feet down.
And.. and...

Alright, okay.
I'll show, you how.
To plant, your feet down.
And.. and... Flex.

