Blind Eyes (The Good American) Lyrics
by Swoope.


Blood in the streets, we turn blind eyes.
Is it murder, if we watch them die?
Blood on our hands, and we don't care why.
We turn blind eyes, 'till we in the fire.

Abandoned, layin' half dead in the road.
And really, I don't know if I'mma make it.
I'm stranded, the masked man took my clothes.
And that hatred is what left me naked.
I was mindin' my own.
Until the heisters came and swiped what I own.
Not right, got left to die on my own.
Dark night and the blood I lie in's my own.
Bruised ribs and a black eye.
Swoll shut, but I still see my life flash by.
Geeked, cause I think I seen a priest on the bypass.
But he leaped to the other street and passed by.
Then a Levite did similiar.
And honestly I don't really know what hurt more.
The thief guys tryna stick me up.
Or getting ignored by the church folk.
I know they seen me in their vision but for intervention.
They too busy with agendas and religion.
Is it pride, racism, or arrogance.
That lets me die, waitin' for a good samaritan?

I'm lying, If I tell you that I can't see.
You dying, just as long as it ain't me.
Sex trade, little girls getting slaughtered.
Long as it ain't my little girl, I ain't bothered.
Wall Street gettin' occupied.
Who cares, call me when somebody dies.
The hurricane took your power, My God.
Hold that thought, I gotta charge my iPod.
Rwanda got that genocide.
But I got that new Honda with the tint inside.
9/11 We can hold hands, 9/12 I don't know man.
Picket fences keep me caged up.
An animal, unaware that I'm enslaved cause.
I can't even fathom the thought of my neighbor.
Askin' me for help, are you insane bruh?
The blood, the murder, the carnage, we see it all.
From afar, on our DVR's.
Simply too busy to be involved.
It ain't our problem unless it's an easy solve.
The hands and feet of Christ, is it lies?
Or do our busy lives tell us not to sympathize.
The social ills of the world should make us sick inside.
The big supply of evil should not desensitize.
If they hungry and we don't feed 'em.
Closet full of clothes, when the cold need 'em.
What we do for the least of, we do the same thing to Jesus.
I know you see Him in your vision, but for intervention.
You too busy with your agendas and religion.
Is it pride, racism, or arrogance.
That let's em' die waitin' for a good American?

Star-spangled or blood-stained.
Beautiful America, which banner gets unclaimed?
The untrained eye is blind without love.
We seein' it now, but never the outcome.
Murder she wrote, cause we ain't give her the savior.
Naw, first we elope, then treat her like she a stranger, yeah.
How we do both, with our selfish behavior.
He said if you love Me, though, love your neighbor, Lord help us.
Why are you afraid, of their faces?
They were reaching out, but you won't take it, no.
They ain't gone too soon, so are you happy?
Cause if you don't love them, then you don't love me.
No-oh-oh-ohhhh-oh.
No-oh-oh-ohhhh-oh.
No-oh-oh-ohhhh-oh.
Cause if you don't love them, then you don't love me.
No-oh-oh-ohhhh-oh.

Blood in the streets, we turn blind eyes.
Is it murder, if we watch them die?
Blood on our hands, and we don't care why.
We turn blind eyes, 'till we in the fire.

