Bliss Kids (part 2) Lyrics
by The Wolf Pack.


Rhyme different dawg.
Cause being me makes me bliss.
Cause we just different kids,bliss kids.

Uhh, ya'll still think its stupid; me trying to be competition.
Even though I'm going through making it white collar spitting.
Ain't even finished with that tuition.
Nigga must be a magician.
To have thoughts of this callibre,uh.
So am I fucking scaring ya?

They faded off the d-r-u-g-s.
And I'm faded off this.
I've painted many pictures,painted many portraits with this.

Wolf Pack equals the crew,learn about us.
Young revolutioners,gonna make them talk about us.
Gonna make them evny us plenty.
Until they wish they were one of us.
In us you can trust.
To bear the weight.
We'll pull the sleigh.
Everyday.
Bringing you that true rap you deserve.
And that's my word.
I've carried the promise to impress.
Well now that promise is dead.
Because whether or not you like us or understand us.
Is far from my concern cause either way we top standard!

Those dumb niggas bring fictitionous hope to your ear.

Shoutout to Scotty's Dusty Vinyl,I'll kill any beat.

I'm fucking narcissistic even when the odds against me.
But I'll never crumble believe me.

Evidential, no longer apparent.
This art will always be on this planet.
Wolf Pack,you cannot dislike us if you don't understand us.
Man I'm just a partial commander.
Try'na get this ship off the ground.
Cause we aim higher than the clouds.

Rhyme different dawg.
Cause being me makes me bliss.
Cause we just different kids,bliss kids.

Dark abyss,no light,no help,all struggle.
No rap,no flow,no beat,no hustle.
All pain,zero gain,no fame,all blame.
Hot tongue,heated words,mic left in flames!!!

Uhh.
If I go back in time.
And I look how I use to bust a rhyme.
From time to time.
Looking at niggas that wanna commit crimes.
And never do the time.
And face the fines.
But did I really give a damn? No.

Yes sir you got it right.
Until I nearly got into a fight.
Do you really think its right.
To reference things you wanna bite.
Haha nigga that was a long time ago.
Concealing it for a long time, I never thought I'd whole a grudge for this.
long.
Oh well sob story let's forget about it.
We off topic.
Let's go back to the first line.
Where we talk about my self rhyming rhymes.
From time to time.
So back then I wasn't all that.
Tell me all the facts I wasn't really that good.
And now I respect yall niggas.
For showing all your figures.
And showing all the talent you got.

Blast me off son!

I'm gonna waste your face and break your arteries.
Snap your bones on this microphone.
You can't handle the heat, that I spit.
Especially when the DJ ripped this beat.
I'mma ask a question, don't answer!
Who is this rapper that likes to spit like a dancer?
What I'm trying to say is my raps are a head spin my disses are breaks my flow.
is a moon walk.
Let me be straight like a ruler.
My rap kills,who's tryina fool ya?
I opened the floor like a bottle of coke.
If you close it ima put you down choke!
You laugh but I didn't crack a joke!
I cracked your jaw.
My raps are like red meat RAW!

Allow me to offer some assistance.
Shut your mouth when I spit and keep your distance.
My money is low time to turn the hustle on.
And like a terrorist I'mma drop a BOMB!

