Blockbuster Night Part 2 Lyrics
by Run the Jewels.


The elephant's in the room, I'm talking two ton 
Bitter truth to ya' face like this is two gun: 
One half of the crew. You know them jewel. Runners 
Move us out of our lane shit who's gon na 
Shit, stain on they brain. That'S right-, poo'd, on ‘em 
And pissed on ‘em Dirt kicked on ‘em 
Shot, his cat pop that pussy threw that bitch 
Stood behind his mama put my dick on her 
Killer. Did a Killa Cam- couldn't kill a kid, so I spit on her Like
this on her 
 
I somersault in the room and then pop to the van damme split on em 
Rappers all get the dick like they got clits on em 
Big and sweaty testicular cancer induced Tits on em 
The love to hug and cry and explain what they are: the victim of 
Braid, each others hair and tell stories bout. How they've been in love: 
Hey, kids, I'm a computer, I'm a trooper feeling super shoot. The future like a looper
, 
You tryna step. Like gooses ima go home with your luger 
The tie-ers of the nooses get a broom up in their pooper. 
 
This is for the dope do-er ho pursuer 
If, you procure. Then you cut her and stick her like a skewer 
See. This is for paupers and the prisoner authors of the literature 
Opposers to the holders of the swastika insignia 
 
Cue, the music. I'M bout to do something. Stupid 
I got a new shiny tool kit to fix your face and I'll use it 
Flippin birds. I ain't talkin. No middle fingers, 
Come line up to kiss the ring of your favorite rap singer, 
Des pot, roast comin out the oven hot 
Stuntin on you, bumbaclots fronting like you, runnin blocks, 
Bet your mother love to watch. You come up out ya, fuckin socks, 
Spin the barrel. Take a shot, loves you or it loves you not 
Pop..schlepping weapons out the seven 
Betting on who gettin to heaven. First, with the henchmen 
Try to test me I'll, send some shots at your keppy 
You. Best address me correctly, but mama still calls me Lechky 
 
When, someone ask me to spit it. I'M nasty 
Like, a cabbie with cricket. I know it like the back of my hand. 
I actually did it If you even think ‘bout dapping my hand, 
Homie better, be dapper than Dan. You wit it 
Actually fam. What you wan na gon na laugh at me: fam 
Right cause I'm tacky and tan 
It's. Actually him pass me. The gin 
Pass me, whatever you got pass me your bitch 
Pass me the clip hit. It hold it now. It'S bout time to pass me the 5th Sipit
 
Soledmysoulforitpass it back to the bitch 
Hopefully she get half as just swizzed as wik 
After. The fact that he had to just sip just dip
 
