Blow a Cloud Lyrics
by SwizZz.


Now I'mma do something a little different. 
You want swag. Well here it is stop trippin' 
I got ta, keep it real non-fiction 
I'm here to get loose. Let the goose start drippin' 
It's about to go the opposite of up 
While. You get it Yung Joc! It'S about to go down 

Clock in, go to work, clock out and hit the ground 
Maybe, I'm a fool like Dame 
I, throw you dick like a pitch. No baseball 
I sound rude, but you know I don't really mean it. 
I'M, a nice guy, cavalier! 
Now get your shovel on. If you dig me, 
Take a couple: shots spin around get dizzy. 
Put your camera on flash like titties 
Take, a picture now cause we're'bout to get busy 
 
I'mma. Let the dog go I'mma! Let the cat loose We about to get wild! 
I'Mma show you how to rock it right here, make it crack with a brand new, sound 
 
Blow a cloud and toss it back like yeah, x4 
 
Blackberry, black hat black tee 
Black beanie black rag, black jeans, 
Black Dunks. So, yes, I'm mean 
I'm ballin'. On a budget but fuck, I'm clean 
My swag's on a hundred billion 
Thousand million. Damn I lost count. 
Somebody hit the lights right now, 
It's about to get wild I'mma turn this bitch out, 
Maybe I'mma rock it like Rick 
Rock. It like cowboy rocket like ship 
Fuck around and get thrown like a fit. 
Don'T got a lot of cream, but your girl's still whipped. 
My name's, just a little too sharp 
I get her naked like juice, then
beat it like a heart. 
 beat it like a heart 
When. The sun rise to the sun, set like park. 
 
It's 3 o'clock. But you know we don't stop. 
I won't sleep, but I'll. Take a double shot: 
There you go grim hop to the top 
This might put me over, but fuck it I'mma rock 
I got a get it mentality. 
You say you do this all the time, let's see if you can handle it. 
Now put your hand on my trigger. 
I can shift back then shoot and clean it up like a swiffer 
See, I'm a rider like flow 
And. I rolls like royce nigga. Tell me what it do. 
See, I'm a captain on the track like Mo' 
Dippin' in slow, mo', pretty lady get a clue. 
I know I'm a little off the wall. 
But I'm flyer than a zipper. Don'T let your pants fall. 
I'M headed to the house, so you know just where to meet me at 
SwizZzle, it's official, I'm a natural afrodisiac, 
 
