Blue Collar Ballad Lyrics
by Sweatshop Union.


Who the hell you think I am? 12x.

Well he's a well dressed man.
With his well pressed pants.
Buying ethical funds, crushing helpless ants.
Walking like he won the sweepstakes.
Carrying his briefcase.
Wonder if his wife liked marrying this cheap skate.
But he's great to talk to, if you're wearing a suit too.
Might spend a sec pretending to be caring what you do.
But you knew, as I do, that who's who is vital.
He's the face behind the desk who will choose to deny you.

A chance to taste the paradise, appetise.
Then mask the face, that paradise a disguise.
Compassion lost for these high fashion costs.
Five hundred dollar shoes and a Macintosh.
I'm, laughing softly, just waxing lobbies.
Pretending I don't notice and, acting snobby.

Just mopping the floors here.
And I've been here four years.
Before this I was equal, just like you pour beers.
Down your throats, go home and beat your wives.
I've heard all your stories, you can keep your lies.
And, keep your 'Hi's' and 'Hello's' and 'Goodbyes'.
And your condescending point of view, sir.

Who the hell you think I am?

I thank God for what I got, but I take what I can get.
I trade away my time and talent trying to balance paychecks.
My painting is sub-par, I find it hard to stay alive.
I know your  high, but how many will survive.
So I strive from 9-5 for my minimum wage.
And in this blue collar charade, I just seem to get played.
Afraid you'll think nothing of it, I'm just a workforce puppet.
The pot is boiling over, I'm at the point of saying fuck it.

Love it or leave it, it's life as we perceive it.
Believing it or not, we all work as if we need it.
Seems that respect is at an all time low.
Not an ounce of elbow room, but we're all trying to grow.
And I may only be a stones throw, from where I am trying to go.
But these seeds we need to sow before we achieve gold.
And the older I turn, the more I start to learn.
Yet the less today I earn, curse the work in hell I burn.

Sure has changed, these days it seems everyone's scared of a little.
hard work. The world would be a better place, if everyone worked more harder..
Give up your breaks, give up your personal freedom. You too, will have a life.
of success.

We all try to break bread, but its hard to stay fed.
Another large number paycheck today gets wasted.
Amazed at the haste at which we pass day to day.
Dreaming of the things we'd do if we had major pay.
Slave away and starve, play the game and live large.
I once hid scars as a kid, now we are.
Grown folk, with our own hopes and goals now.
Sold by the gallon, talent flows and know-how.
Hope to slow down, provoke the whole town.
Hard to fill dreams with these jobs we hold now.
So hold your cold frown, don't be a nerdy clerk.
Who the hell you think I am? Do your own dirty work.

Who the hell you think I am?

Al. I've been reviewing your file...
Yeah?
You've been with the company, four years now.
Yeah, about four years. So what?
For all four years, I get nothing but complaints about you.
Complaints about me?
You don't show up at work, you don't take pride in your job.
Ah, Christ...
You think you're something special?
Pshhhh.
There are a million and one other people out there just like you.
Just like me, right? Yeah, I'm sorry I couldn't make you happy,.
sir. You want me to, get off my break and stop eating, maybe.. shine this.
floor up nice for you.. you know, take some pride in my work.. or you know,.
make you a little more happy, maybe that would make your day, would it?
That's enough. Just get your belongings, and leave.
Leave?
Or security will have to escort you from the building.
Escort..? What? Fuck you then man! I QUIT!

