Blue Dreams and Bloody Nightmares Lyrics
by Zoetic.


Lately i feel disconnected, i want what i can't have.
Its so hard to protect it, i feel I've lost my other half.
I would, do anything for you sacrifice my own future.
My wounds i want to suture, told myself i wouldn't feel this way.
Every waking day i pray that you will know how i feel.
Cause this pain in my heart is preventing me to heal.
I, cherish our friendship but all i want is more.
This love is seeping out of my pores but I'm facing a closed door...
Waiting for my happy ending, but my heart is bending.
These messages I'm sending from this dark place I'm attending.
Cause no one understands I'm now, buried in the sand with these twisted.
demands.
Drowning in my own sorrow, dread to wake up tomorrow.
Im so below the casket, about to blow a gasket.
These foul fumes make my punishment bloom.
I have left behind my life and the one now is stillborn.
My body is torn with this mask that I've worn.
My circle always scorns when i, weep and mourn.
Seven thousand million people but i feel so lonely.
See these faces pass me by, i could swear they were my homies…
But they, only shells, that contain an empty mind.
They feed bullshit to the blind, its the way society's designed.
Cause they don't know any better.
So i, grind harder strive farther, I'm no trend setter.
Music completes my life, i have travelled to the rhyme mecca.
Murderin ya fam, like i had a bad vendetta.
Fly talker, street chalked now get ready for the slaughter.
RAP GAME MUTHAFUCKA.

I move in the shadows, strapped like i was Rambo.
You fuckin wit a goon thats got some choppers and full ammo.
That'll smoke you like tobacco, weed in Colorado.
Horse power move this G8 i ain't fallen off the saddle!
I fight my own battles.
Cause i wage war in this four door bet it knock you off the hinges.
Stick em wit syringes till he's hangin by his fringes.
I be killin all day, ricin round wit my bitches.
And we gon get this money, i serve any prison sentence.
Cause this rapper's got more bars than a prison in every sentence.
Fuck yo momma, im stackin commas, i pull out the llama and i dot you out,.
period.
Like a lowercase i, Pixar lamp why even try.
Quit talkin shit man you blowin my high.
Shoot you where you stand if you don't comply.
You gon remember me! my music timeless.
Hustlin for ten a key! call me your highness.
If they don't pay the fee! i blow a death kiss.
Gimme your death wish, I'm impressive, severed heads up on a food dish.
So who grew this? not you!
So stop tryna make a breakthrough!
I come steamrollin yo crew.
Ya just stuck together like glue.
Dreams and nightmares my dreams blue.
And my nightmares real rude.
You ain't never know what i do.
Never been wit my crew.
If you ain't ridin wit me then you ain't blowin up like achoo!
I be honest wit rude dudes cube you to food.
Got you filled wit test tubes when i spit that voodoo.
Assume you are who knows, imbued wit fake hues.
You mixed up like woosu cause purple equals red and blue.
Got a bad bitch and she sends nudes.
Big boobs and an ass too.
She fuck good and she blows me like a bowl a soup, ice cubes.
So cool it down you circus clown, everybody know that i don't fuck around.
Got a crazy sound, hottest in my town, jumping in the flow you either float or.
drown!
Big bully you wanna get gully? these rappers phony spittin about money.
Its not even funny, lets see if they still fuckin wit me after i give em buck.
fifties.
So fuck wit me, you better make it good.
Little mothafucka i wish you would.
I pull up to yo hood.
Stab you wit the sword, impalin whores like I'm checkin to see if the oil's.
good.
Im makin trap money, talkin whole nother lever.
I could sell fire to the devil, ton grab a shovel.
If you don't dig my shit, kick rocks and eat some pebbles.
Cause i always keep it g.
Nothin' but i ever settle.
Dipping off inside the Chevelle.
Put the pedal to the medal muthafucka I'm gone…

