Boarding Pass Lyrics
by SwizZz.


Yo, I'm 30,000 feet munching honey roasted peanuts.
Sitting coach without the cart or.
lacking room to kick my feet up.
On another Delta flight to another different city.
Plus another hand-written letter from my girl saying she'll miss me.
What the fuck is going on, huh, somebody better let me know.
About a year back I was working at Foot Locker.
Selling Jordans at the local mall to stay afloat.
Now I get paid when I do a show.
Learning how to stay sane when I'm on the road.
Getting used to the fake fuck sucker.
Now begging to come around all day blowing up my phone.
But you don't hear me though.
Or do ya, do ya?
I rock that orange Cactus Cooler.
Please don't let my image fool ya.
I'm shutting it down like a computer.
You're AOL, you're lagging.
Still on that 56k shit.
Getting comfy, relaxing.
Satisfied and got complacent.
Not me though, fuck that, not me.
I got way too much on the line.
My dad wants to retire.
My mom could use a house with a marble kitchen counter on the countryside.

A big backyard so my dog can play.
A kingsize sofa so my cat can sleep.
Nothing that special, a three bedroom home.
With a sub-zero fridge that hold plenty to eat.
It wasn't me.
That made your bitch come holla.
But I did bark loud in her face because she looked like a chihuahua.
Mixed with a camel and a donkey.
Or maybe a hippo and a monkey.
I can't pinpoint what animal it is.
But the bottom line is that broad is ugly.
Let me get back to it.
I spit hot shit, lick it up and chew it.
Gargle it, swallow it.
Throw it back up in my mouth then spit it out again, I do it.
Nigga I do me.
Piñata flow beat up the beat.
Groupie hoes get cut off like the sleeves on a shirt on Mister T.
I'm taking shots, ball hog.
My college budget have me strictly drinking Popov.
You claim you're on the block, all talk.
My punchlines will lay you out, Balrog.

Once I go in I'm hard to get out like bubblegum stuck in your hair.
Strong enough to bearhug a bear.
I'm weird enough to make parents glare.
I'm broke as fuck, I can't be repaired.
And short enough to rock climb on stairs.
But who cares?
Swizzle, I do.
Dry your eyes, you ain't gotta cry cause you 52', nah.
Thomas, I'm 5'6.
What?
I said I'm 5'6.
Nice try, you silly dog, don't try to add an extra inch.
Shit, fuck it, I'm over it now.
I love to OD I spit coke with a smile.
Addicts relax when they turn up my tracks.
Cause the rush I deliver be sniffing a pound.
818 romp and I rep for my town.
Like it's too heavy I'm putting it down.
Niggas stop preaching 'bout what you're not doing.
Get up off your ass and stop waiting around.
Well shit, homie, why you always talking like you got it made.
When you got nothing made but a sandwich.
I'm sick of hearing niggas cussing and saying it's all luck to be a rapper.
Motherfucker, I planned this.
I wasn't hoping and wishing upon a star.
It ain't chance or picking a lucky card.
This is what happens when you have to persevere.
And take all of your fucking pain and put it in your bars.
I'm riding 'til I crash like Bandicoot.
Doing everything that I can, I won't rely on a fluke.
My name is, fuck my name, I hate that shit, man, I'm just kidding.
Hi, I'm a SwizZzle fish, grab.
some floaties, lets﻿ go swimming.

