Bob Your Head Lyrics
by Run-D.M.C..

Bob your head.. 
 
D.M.C. 
As, we bop on.. 
To the break of dawn.. 
The non-stop hip-hop, bop.. 
Takes, you on down.. 
To, the last STOP ruff ruff an' rugged. We comin.. 
So, won't ya bob your head.. ruff ruff, an', rugged. We comin.. 
B-b-ba bob your head.. ruff ruff, an', rugged we comin.. 
 
Run 
A freak. I find the kind to wine and dine 
I freak a blind date, and your fate is to wait in line 
At, the party.. tryin to get a hottie, 
Cool T and Roddy D.M.C. and Scottie 
Big Kev and Marty Hurricane and Arty 
Phil, Doug and Naughty. Damn a big party 
So, I grab the mic. I like recite the hype, 
And type and write with my.. 
Freak it'fore. The niggy night is done, 
For Ricky-Run to get dumb and then some 
So, while you're here it's clear to every per-son 
Ah that you need to bob get involved, 
And weave with ease and please the steez with G's 
Now just to be at ease 
Cause. This is it legit a hit. I throw a fit 
Not, slackin or lackin a bit nah that ain't it 
So. Just a bob ya head, like I said, the fresh it 
So, just a bob ya: head.. ruff, ruff an' rugged. We comin.. 
 
D.M.C. 
Bob, your head, ruff ruff, an', rugged we comin.. 
ruff ruff an', rugged. We comin.. 
 
I, make your heads bob. I got you slobbin. The knob 
So do a good job. Why don't ya? Let me know HOW YA LIVIN, HOBBES, 
Whassup wit, ya, girl, Ya, know. I like the way your earrings jang 
And your booty swing. Ah, while my beat go 
BOOM BOOM, why don't you let me take you to my room, 
Take off our shoes, relax, sit on bed and watch the Looney Tunes 
But. No, You want me, take you out, and wine and dine you 
But. I ain't got no time to chase behind and never find you 
So be this dope. A lethal dose of poisonious potion 
Stick to the sound. That'S up and down now sit ya. That'S the motion. 
Buckwild inna style for ya, honey, child 
The organization of bobbin and pacin. Will make you bob a while 
Grab a cutie Duke her Bootee bust, a box 
That's? My duty girl? Please do me, don't try to cockblock 
Give nuff respect. I love the sex again. I said.. 
Here. It comes from Run'Yo D, !' HOE, BOB YA, HEAD 
, 
ruff, ruff, an', rugged we comin.. 
Ah, just a bob ya head .., 
Bob ya, head ruff, ruff, an', rugged we comin.. 
Ah, just a bob ya head .., 
, 
Run 
Well. I believe you weave and bob the job is done. 
By Run so come get some for fun, 
Keep the force, I'm nicky-number, one 
And I'll scratch, my vocord for f-f-fun 
And. Nevertheless, I must confess that it's a bless-un 
That people are ride and must abide to this direct-ion 
I triple it up to let you know that I'm a swift one 
Those who oppose get broken nose. That'S how I live. Son 
I move the head. That'S what I said this is my miss-ion 
I'm dickin em down and all around to make the head bob 
So bend your neck, give nuff respect to me: dance, Hobbes 
For! This is it the brand new shit I'd like to mention 
So hurry up, because the cut is my inven-tion 
The jazz pizazz with class at last 
Kickin, your ass for the past 
Three and a half minutes you been in it to win it 
So you defin-in-it..-itely, need To bob your head, 
 
And, I say 
I'd like to give a shout out to the Hollis Crew. In there 
My homeboy D.M.C. he's in there 
To my homeboy Jam Master Jay 
And the brothers at JMJ. You know they in there 
To my man Eric Blam in there 
To my man, Grand Wizard Cut Professor DJ Dig. Definitely in there 
My name is Run Love and I'm out of here with The Afros 
And, the 40 Ounce CREW 
 
