Bomb Threat Lyrics
by Yung Massina.


Bitch I'm Mayweather flow hot as May whether- 
Or, not you rappers, like it bitch. I am way better 
I'm about to start the show, pull a seat up 
Kardashian flow. Please try and keep up 
 
All, my niggas in the street selling dope nigga 
Weed and coke nigga, get it by the boat. Nigga 
Fucking go getta. You already know nigga 
Left the garden. I ain't fucking with you ho niggas 
Looking for the bud. This the Cosby Show nigga 
Wheel of Fortune. If you trying to buy an O nigga 
Big doe, nigga sick flow, nigga 
This a bomb threat, I'm about to blow nigga 
 
Knocking. This ciroc off smoking on the best of weed 
Riding, with my top off where the fuck my Jerry beads 
Shawty, keep calling keep texting. Emailing me 
She in love with the ding dong. Like Melanie 
Niggas, know my pedigree Triple H, status, 
Heartless headbussa and I raise Havoc 
Pockets straight no lie. Fuck up out my face. Faggot 
Full grown fly, fuck up out my face, maggot 
Bad, bitch, magnet. I let the squad in her 
She turn to Mary Mary. She want the god in her 
I put the rod in her. Go fishing 
That pussy start biting soon, as I put the dick in 
Got Octomom's stomach in the trunk that bitch kicking 
And. I hop up in that bitch and tell the roof good riddance 
Grown ass man, who the fuck are you kidding 
Know. I got you pissed who the fuck? Are you shitting 
Fuck? What you heard Shawn's bathroom visit, 
Put clips in your head: I'm a fucking, beautician 
Cooking up my new vision, looking back at Wadley waving, 
I'm the future ain't, nobody seeing me but Raven 
Got married to my carpet ‘cause my flow is so engaging 
And. They just mini mes small Is fucking Asians 
Man, I'm ‘bout to run the nation. I can't wait until the poll over 
Bitch. I am a problem and this shit will never blow over 
Wake up and I roll over new day new face 
Early in the morning. In her mouth, like toothpaste, 
And, I drink goose straight paper's. All I do chase 
Eyes low. You can blindfold me with a shoelace 
Boppers, get the suitcase only fuck with models 
And. We waking up to blunt roaches and Ciroc bottles. 
Even. When I was a toddler, always stayed away from suckers 
I ain't like to watch Arthur, he was hanging with a buster 
Square motherfuckers yeah motherfucker 
I'll, be waiting at your house meet me there, motherfucker 
I'm, a rare motherfucker flawless diamond y'all, are cubics 
You squares acting hard. I know how to solve the Rubik's 
Got big racks. I ain't talking fake boobies, 
And, I'm balling everywhere man, I even lost my pubics 
 Wan na shoot it. We can shoot it Kleenex bullets I'll. Let it out 
Cocky when I got that heat I'll run up in Eddie, house- 
Like, Steve, Urkel smoke, nothing but purple. 
Y'All niggas talk the talk, I'm a walker like Herschel 
Better, cuff your old lady ‘cause, I'm feeling, like Usher, 
I, don't charge for my attention. I'Ma have to reimburse her 

And ball all day. No sub keep the hoagie 
Got sour in the bogey motherfucker. I'M loaded 
I'll buy some new boxers fuck this. I can't hold it 
Yeah. I know I'm killing this nigga. I wrote it 
Keep steel, like I'm getting tattooed. I tote it 
Make your bitch do aerobics young Dolemite, Jr 
Walk into the room and legs spread like rumors 
Shawty, say that she ain't even swallow ‘fore. I knew her 
Now, I'm Oklahoma dreaming, wish I started rapping sooner 
We battle. They gon' boo, ya man. My flow is just the roughest 
Make, a buster drop the mic Tyson vs. Douglas 
Ya like it or ya, love it either way. That'S a check. Pops 
Riding with the mac in my lap, fuck a desktop 
Told, my ol' lady baby. All the games best stop 
If. We ain't working. I can still hit my ex box 
Looking for some trouble. Then this, where the GPS stops, 
Diamonds get ya hoes in the sheets call ‘em bed rocks 
Boy. I stay shitting treat the booth like a rest. Stop 
And I'ma, keep saying I'm the best. ‘Til, the rest stop
 
