Boom Bip Lyrics
by Zion I.

I taste the bitter 
And, the sweet 
Sweet and the bitter 
Number one draft pick 
Metaphysic flow spitter 
Sip. My elixir strong, like pop liquor, 
Drink from my flask kick back till it hits ya 
Hiccup excused we sipping Jah, brew. 
Got me so high. Hardly know what to do: 
Been waiting, y'all glad you finally came through 
Celebration of yaself, family and friends too 
Crew, who said it's taboo for me to show my feelings 
Don't, you know, I'm loving you 
Capiche release stress at the doormat 
Fresh with the raw rap collapsin'. Your format 
Backspin again Jah wait for waste line, 
Why hate and waste time bounce with the bass line 
Follow to sunsets and tomorrow. Why rappers don't never 
Understand, they role models sit with the bottle; 
Let it get hollow bet. It get sweaty bout to spit my motto: 
Holler back. If y'all call, then you got the'nac 
I'm asking all of my people where ya loving at 
 
So, don't fight the feeling 
When. We got it right here. 
We ain't going nowhere 
Open your mind. 
When, we got it right here: 
We ain't going nowhere, 
 
I, shot the tribe death Judah 
Twelve. When I delve 
Deep into your mind, 
Praise Jah know: yaself 
Wealth is a state in 
The mental debate. 
It'S all in the fate 
Plant seeds, then you wait. 
Be, patient banquets of glorious abound, 
When the ancient art of living's laid down. 
Kings sport, ya crown queens sport, ya crown 
Jah brings light. Now the cipher goes round. 
We build chill party act, ill 
Then. We back to the lab for some more battle: drills, 
Skills! That'S for real failness is kill, houseless is lost, 
In the blizzards of their mills. Still, I will rise higher 
My ancestors, let my soul. Catch fire 
And serve as a beacon for lost souls seeking 
A candle per say, like in a dark day. 
We, reaching sky high help me get by 
Sometimes. I need a boost, so I touch the lye 
Don't fight the feeling when I write 
Revealing, I'm a light. The mic with hype 
Mics your fiending for 
, 
Po-Po, copper, 
Skinny, rap tinted, proper 
Drop, funk like a sock in ya, gym, locker, 
Pop collars. I rocks impalas 
Meet me at the beach money, rain dollars, 
Rhyme scholars, the green and the MP 
I plan to be out like Marcus, Garvey 
See. We don't trip on ya, sizzle, cocaine and pistols, 
Boy, that's a issue or two: you can't see thru the lies 
Control. The mind lord knows: I'm trying 
Resign flip manuscripts: It's amp live with the beat 
And boom, tick, 
 
