Born A Motivator Lyrics
by X-Raided.


I want to create a system.
That allows you to succeed in both area: Life and your enterprise.
By the way which one would you say is more valuable?
Which one?
Life.
That's not how most people live the game.

x7.

Yeah!
I was born a motivator.
Familiar with the paper.

x3.

I was born a motivator.
Familiar with the paper.

If you the jack of all trades you amass to nothing.
Staring at my bread hoping Imma pass you a crumb.
Blocc Star bitch, I'm on.
some grown man shit.
By my own drawers, own socks, own socks tricks.
Yeah nigga, I'm talking to you again.
Classification: Time to do and forgive again.
You so broke your dog look at you like 'What you doing, get your own damn.
stick?
And get off, this is my own damn ditch'.
Once upon a time I let a nigga spit on a .9.
Let a nigga get a little shine.
But he wanted more, wanted mine.
Wanted to be Raided.
Probably copy my movements like a mime.
Wanted success but not grind no stress.
But won't mind his own goal for sure, he's just buying.
All the while you're boy called and do what I wanted him to do.
I had a team but they weren't doin what I wanna do.
When I  that nigga told.
Staying on the line and they put me in the hole.
Feeling like I ain't seen the sun in 68 days.
Thought about killin that nigga 68 ways.
Betrayal or loyalty, homie, What's the answer?
Disgusted, damn cous, You up for transfer.
When I  that nigga told.
Staying on the line and they put me in the hole.
Damn, well what do you know?
I'm on familiar ground.
I know all about the bottom, I can feel the ground.
I can feel the fate.
Stay dedicated: Hard work, love, loyalty, and respect.
I know you hated nigga.

Or you could cultivate that sense of wealth, that sense of abundancy here.
The more you can feel that sense of joy.
The more easy it's gonna be living for you financially.
Cause you're not gonna be in this scared and fearful mode.
Now if that's not enough by itself, ya know, this great sense of abundancy.
If you use the wrong mechanics, it will be disaster.
But if I have to have an area to get you started with.
I wanna have emotional and psychological strength.
Cause that's gonna carry you through the mechanics of boring or frustrating.
Or when things aren't working out.
You're emotion, you're psychology is gonna carry you.
It will get you to keep doing it.

