Born Sinner Part 2 Lyrics
by Wordplay.


I am a sinner who's guaranteed to sin again: 
I ain't, a Christian! I ain't, no Christian 
But that shouldn't determine your hate 
Listening to music on the track. 
Bitch, don't kill my vibe bitch, don't kill. My vibe 
I can feel your hatred from to light years away. 
I got my spikes and my inhaler, I'm usually laughing, but right now I'm saying 
Bitch don't kill my vibe bitch, don't kill my vibe 
Bitch, don't kill my vibe bitch, don't kill my vibe 
 
Ask me. Why and I'll tell you the reason why I wan na make it in track. 
Money and fame is nice and all, but it's not it and that's a fact. 
Grandmama always wanted to see me run when she was on this planet 
Left the Earth in 2011. Hurt me so bad, but I ain't. Let nobody see that 
Since, then to myself imma, take track more seriously for her sake: 
No God-fearing nigga. So all that shit that happened to me. It'S fate 
Looking at the 2012 State vid. I am leaning on that 2 hard 
Yessir. I am black and yeah. I run track, but nigga don't pull the race card 
Don't be racist. I ain't going to college just for some athletic gain. 
 Gon na figure out ways for Blacks in society to have less pain 
And. When a hater critiques my track skills, it goes through one ear and out
the other 
We, two different people you run for the fame. While I run for my late
grandmother 
After this track. When you see me at a track meet, you know, what's on my mind, 
So be courteous, homie and not ignorant and bitch. Don'T kill my vibe 
Mi-Mi this's, for you Word: 
 
I'm, a sinner and imma sin again: 
I'm a loser but imma win again 
And. I'M a loner, don't fuck with people's trends 
And I am a viber, so bitch don't kill it. 
 
I stay prayed up. We stay dreamed up, 
Shout out t my fam me and Word Play. We done teamed up 
Fuck all these haters nigga y'all know I stay. Schemed up 
Keep your head above water, like fuck Bush and FEMA 
I, just wan na gold pager and a Beamer 
Or, some fresh ass Dunks that cost a guap 
I, never really had it but spend like. I got a lot 
I be wasting time like I don't own a fucking clock. 
My life is like a movie. Tell me who about to watch 
They arrested me for killing bars, but I will never stop. 
I go to the fucking top I climb rocks. I don't do'em 
RIP to my fam. I know you prolly knew'em 
We, don't understand the picture cause the way that they construe them. 
They love to cloud our vision with these chains and these gangs 
We barely off the slave ship. Now, they're corporate planes 
We all vanity slaves. We carry these slave names, 
Vibe life, I get it vibe like the realest 
All up in the sky, cause we don't know the fucking ceiling. 
We just know these leaky roofs. We are the broken youth 
But. I swear. If I don't make it I'd change my name to living proof, 
 
