Born Sinner Lyrics
by Wonderstarz.


Lyrics by: Asmit, Sponny.

I was born to kill.
Born to break all the shit that wouldn't stay.
Then one day, a girl walks in.
Wants to stay in my heart.
Damn!
She loves me man, I'm happy with her.
Wanna know the story? Here I go...
Shut the fuck up, you chitter-chatters.

I take the moon and explode it to take love to an end.
Infecting your blood and brain before your mind can bend.
Hack your feelings 'til you all out of mercy.
You put a gun to my brain, to tell you Curse me!
I take a fall from the tower.
5,000  feet high.
I'll keep tearing your flesh, 'til you run outta my sight.
The world is casin' in, gapin' in with the Black hole Theory.
When you down, I'll stare at you with all my glory...
I said Past the sun, Pity the mortals.
So if you're breathing, then it means your nightmare's not over.
I can never be the one, to move into my paradise?
Never could love anyone, cause you put dirt in my eyes.
So I just break free, I spread my wings.
Cause don't give a shit about other things.
And I roll back in time for another chance.
Put light on my hands and fire on your ass.

I hear voices in my head tellin' me to kill Satan.
But I worship instead.
I don't know if Hell's where I'm being led.
If that's the case, fuck you all, chop your balls off.
Question masturbate.
Grab an axe and aim to decapitate.
Show that if you don't want to burn your ass cheeks.
Make ya' family run away until their ankles break.
Shoot the mall, throw the bodies in an ashtray.
Grab the tracks and play - just rockin' away.
I turned around to check if she's still good for me.
He said: Why reconsider, when you have better like AJ Lee?
I don't care.
Motherfucker point a gun at me.
It will obey me, cause that's the power I have.
Please! Don't angry me.
Cause when I get angry I lose myself.
The real me...
And you'll see the me you won't ever wanna see.
That's right, that's what the Notorious Devil made me.

I take the moon and explode it to take love to an end.
Ask me to rebuild fame.
But love? Can never mend.
This is my world, my Hell.
And in the end, I'll end it in an apocalypse- you condescend.
These men didn't mean it when they penned the acts of God'.
Well, God's no authority in Hell.
Not all the stories have a 'Happily fuckin' ever' end.
So I will take the chances and bend the rules like Alan Shore.
So screw me!
There's my girl, she's in love with me.
That's my destiny.
I'll pee on Satan and then I'll.
return to Thee.
Into the world of heaven.
Fuck the devotee.
Me? I found the world in this girl.
No need of bendin', sendin' shit, it's a killing spree...

