Boy Or Girl Lyrics
by Yung DSJ.


If, I have a girl, I pray. She won't be nothing like none of these girls. I have
met throughout my life 
Treat her now to be a lady with a swag jus like her mother, 
Treat, her to be independent, j-j-just me and my daughter now 
If. I have a boy, I hope he don't be nothing like me when I was younger 
thought. I knew a lot about life. 
Teach him. How to be a man. Teach him how to be strong, 
Tell him how to treat a woman j-j-just me and my son 
 
Now. I can't lie it's gon be a couple years. 
Fore. I see your face. Hd crystal clear, 
I, think about it now, n. Sometimes I jus tear 
The thought of You. Sayin daddy is like heaven to my ears 
Now. If she's a girl, you gon, be daddy's, Lil baby 
Never be like them stay a classy Lil lady 
Plan, on giving you the biggest hugs and add a couple kisses 
And. Hopefully I'll still be in love with the misses: 
Yea, that's Yo mommy, but you daddy's little girl, 
And daddy's. One job is to let you have the world 
And baby. You got it so you ain't ever got ta worry 
I'll, still tuck. U, in at nite and read your favorite story: 
I can get? U all the barbies and any other toys 
All, I ask, is you stay away from all these Lil boys 
With one thing on their mind, but we'll get into that later. 
Just know that I'm your father, I ain't talkin darth, vader, 
 
If. I have a boy I'll promise. He look like me. 
Always looking fly, never not looking clean 
Always be supportive on your every little dream. 
Just know you can be whatever it is. U wan na be 
N. I always got your back plzzzz. Remember that 
Whether it's tryna be in movies or hopping on daddy's track 
I'mma. Let you do it any dreams. Just know u can pursue it. 
Just keep your dedication and never ever lose it. 
I promise you'll make it through it and daddy never lied 
Hop outside the crib. You can bet u match my fly. 
Don'T worry, I got ya. Son you'll be flyer than the sky. 
Then you'll be so used to it. U won't even have to try 
N one thing I'll teach. U is to always respect your girl 
Show. Her your the best n make sure that she's your world 
But we'll get into that later. Cuz. This conversation, ain't done. 
Just know I'll. Always be your father. U my son, 
 
