Brain Damage Lyrics
by Twisted Insane.


Right here, right here nigga, pull up. Pull up right here.
It's the brown one?
Nah, it's that one right there.
Come on.
Quiet nigga, you walkin' loud than a motherfucka.
Damn near tip-toein nigga.
IP address said it was this house right here.
Don't knock nigga, ring the doorbell nigga; don't knock.
Yup.
Niggas be woofing all that shit on the internet;.
Think niggas won't show up to their motherfuckin' hou....
Here he come...
door opens.
BRAIN.
gunshot.
Come on nigga.
footsteps.
car doors slam, engine turns over and tires screech away.

I'm sick of niggas on the internet.
Make a nigga wanna get a TEC.
Then I gotta hit him in the neck.
Everybody I know I've been a vet.
Flow cancerous, whole ?can?
Smoke a nigga like a cigarette.
Wet him up like sherm nigga.
But hold up dawg I ain't finished yet.
Brainsick.
Niggas always wanna wolf like they banged out.
Wanna talk about a nigga but nobody wanna be callin out my name out.
Wanna act so hard, til' a nigga find out where you hang out.
Then I come through with a four five and I blow a pussy nigga brains out.
Now you got a bloodstained couch, you know it's them got a stained blouse.
With a man in front of the same house with a clay on like a stake out.
You better be duckin', I'm ready to buzz on any nigga like a grayhound.
You can even be with yo kids at the playground.
Treat the body like a steakhouse, you don't wanna get laid out.
Better fuck you all night, tryna hear me with the hate now.
It was all cool until I said you better hit my PayPal.
Wanna talk shit well guess what I know where you stay now.
I don't know why motherfuckas be thinking it's some game nigga.
Fuck around and get murdered homie, you dealing with them grave diggers.
Niggas ain't no artist with a gun, me and my niggas paint pictures.
Owe me, I OD, get popped like some pain killers.
Me and my niggas dangerous, pop a nigga in the pancreas.
Mad man with a gat man I swear I'm the angriest.
Put that man in the trash can with a bag man who you playin' with?
Batman with a catscan? I swear he's on some crazy shit.
Damn right.
Frankenstein ask me where my screw's at.
These niggas ain't psychos, I got paperwork to prove that.
Bet my son eat these pussy niggas like some fruit snacks.
On the hood, I get up on a nigga head like a doo rag.
Shout out to my Loc niggas, where the real Damus at?
Esses, and the Juggalos, Brainiacs where you at?
Ever catch a nigga hating on brainsick, homie, better shoot that motherfucker.
right in his face like Insane, nigga we do that.

Twisted Insane - 2X.
Come get your brain damaged! - What?
Niggas actin' like a motherfucka when I pull up at ya house and burn a bitch.
up like I'm savage.
Come get your brain damaged! - But!....
People be thinkin' it's safe until I'm in the bitch and murderin' ?they kids?,.
I could let 'em have it.

Psychopathic, I'm a sicko.
Bodybag a niggas kenfolk.
Problematic with an automatic shooting hollow tips at your benzo.
Skitzo-phrenic when I mix a shot of gnqc with the indo.
Tip-toe through a nigga's pad and leave his mom and dad with a slit throat.
Then get ghost in a Pontiac with my pockets fat what they hit fo'?
Shipped a couple packs to my nigga sav told me “ship mo”.
Catch me up in the trap getting these racks out of a thick hoe.
In it to win it and ripping bitch niggas in half if my chips low.
CRIP LOC!
Affilated with damu's and piru's that cock tools and pop fools, and leave a.
nigga with his wig blown.
Sicc-n-vicious infected with that cannibalistic syndrome.
Savage with it ammunition and blast niggas until the clips gone.
Factor business i stacking chips on the ave with 36 zones.
In a black infinity crack the henny and snap quicker than a wishbone.
When I step in the function and I'm clutching and nigga if it's really funk.
then I'm dumping motherfuckers slumped.
Yeah cause is the last thing you want to be tripping on.
Does Kleatus know I'm strapped?
Young bleezo goes beast mode when I'm breathing on the track.
Getting c notes on the dlo, moving kilos of crack.
Off of weed smoke with a freak hoe getting deep throat in the back of a lac'.
better believe hoe I'm a Mack.
I'm slapping cbo when I'm reloading the gat.
Like a Jordan Jersey I'll put 23 holes in your back.
Been killing shit since 02 got the og's quoting my raps.
And if you're trying to get a feature i'ma need more than a rack.
Cway mixed with the brainsick get cha face split with that fake shit Mr wade.
spit then It's greatness.

I slang zips on the late shift getting paid chips when your main bitch bet.
these fake niggers gonna hate that.

Gripping the stainless and anxious to put a peek hole in your hat.
Nigga I'm faded and wasted sipping on lean gone off of wax.
Lyrically heinous and Dangerous.
So let the streets know that I'm back.
Twisted Insane and King ISO featuring Bleezo, it's a rap!

Interlude: Twisted Insane.
*We're sorry, the number you have dialed is not in service at this time*.
Nigga, you gotta be mothafuckin' kiddin' me, nigga!
This mothafucka gave me the wrong number?!
Heh.. heh heh heh... Get my car keys!

Twisted Insane - 2X.
Come get your brain damaged! - What?
Niggas actin' like a motherfucka when I pull up at ya house and burn a bitch.
up like I'm savage.
Come get your brain damaged! - But!
People be thinkin' it's safe until I'm in the bitch and murderin' ?they kids?,.
I could let 'em have it.

Sick of mothafuckas all up in a nigga face and talkin' 'bout a battle.
Combination like abomination make a nigga wanna go and tattle.
Freddy Krueger, run up to you, put the gun up in you, whack him like a faggo.
I'm already knowin' I'mma kill a mothafucka anyway because he will go babble.
Click-clack, pistol whippin' and I eat him like he was a Kit-Kat.
You ain't gotta pay attention but you're gonna listen, little nigga, this that.
Shit that make you wanna murder anybody comin' at you sidways.
Like I'm a Tyrannosaurus, I'm a carnivore, I make your bitches' pussy wanna.
fit that.
They don't wanna see gorilla that'll eat a nigga like he was a deep dish.
Pizza, happy to finally meet ya, I'm still off Ol' English.
Everybody lookin' at a mothafucka like a nigga full of favors.
But I put it on my mama when I tell you I bring drama, I mean this.
They want no part of me, I leave a nigga drawers full of shitstains.
So sick of niggas on the internet talkin' 'bout they do big thangs.
When I find and meet 'em face to face I pull up in a ?833? you go.
Lookin' like a funny daddy when they run up on me I be like 'Nigga, here. This.
lame'.
Hate to be that one mothafucka, but yeah, nigga, I'm that guy!
Get off in the dome, ?raise up and moan?, yeah, bitch, it's the bad guy.
Ain't nobody on my radar, you can play hard, it's a act, ?guy?
I'm Incredible hopefully got my nigga for my ?stomach? nigga with a black eye.
Voodoo, better think about it real long 'fore you say shit.
The hardest niggas on the underground, ain't nobody fuckin' with the.
Brainsick!
All a nigga know is I'm so dope I don't say shit.
I pull out my dick, put it up in a bitch for motivation.
Mothafuckas know who rock, no, I'm not no 2Pac.
Walk up on 'em with a mask on and stretch a nigga like tube socks.
What the fuck you mean you get the bitch on your team when.
She suck a nigga dick every time I see the ho like *gagging*.
Nigga, that's on mamas, you don't want that drama.
Little homies that'll pull up at your spot and let loose with the lamas.
I don't really give a shit about what niggas talkin' 'bout up on the internet.
I'm gonna catch a nigga face to face and I'mma kill a mothafucka like Osama.

