Break The Lock Lyrics
by Ty.

Uh uh uh hardcore niggas ) 
Uh uh uh, hardcore j-j-j, yeah ..., er, ... 
Alright. Well, ... got my shit down here. ... smoke that shit ... 
We bout to just do some nice stuff here, wassup ..., 
Aaaaaaaaaaaah, ..., 
 
UH, My style hurts. Doesn'T it 
Turn around and your hole, crews loving it 
Uh, you tried stiff neck thugging, it 
Couldn't sleep, cause your mind. Had a bug in it. 
Buzzing without weed extract 
And. You thought I wasn't coming Well. You need a slap 

Wait fore warning you of the coming of kong 
Come on splash little fishy. Can you swim in the pond 
Are you that breaking the wall? Will your building respond, 
To the pressure walking with the strength of my predecessor, 
Ancient? I never walk alone. 
I'M up against the stereo-mono-typical 
Visualising wealth is not applicable 
Now. My brain cries out for me to read: 
With movement inspired by Johnsy D and Benjy. Read 
 
The Globe keeps spinning 
But. I ain't. Moving 
We can't keep joking 
Break the lock if the door's not open. Now 
The Globe keeps spinning 
But. I ain't. Moving 
We can't keep joking 
Break the lock. If the door's not open now, 
 
Concepts get abandoned with no gloves. 
Traditional trends evaporate like soap, suds 
The, innercity whirlpool will suck you up like 
A person with a temper. Can fuck you up right, 
Time to bring back down to syndromes 
Custard in your eye like Bugsy Malone, 
You need to stay calm with napalm attached to ya 
Embrace arm in gasoline strike a match to ya 
Now. Now, do you feel enlightened 
Well? I don't and I'm the one writing 
Anything versus everything really means nothing. 
Can'T be a king peacock. I hate strutting 
Dressed up semi-jiggy, I might frustrate somethin' 
A lion in the wardrobe is ready to break somethin' 
Mr, Fantastic Fox, 
The, Awkward individ'. That makes the wack hot 
My jazz addiction is a preminition of war. 
When visible tussels appear on the dance floor, 
The sweat breaks to the beat freak of the month year decade, 
Vacuum. The essay now lets say 
I'm, one in a million, a million in one room. 
You want an interview with the killer of monsoons 
I'll sing, sonnets to don and donnettes; ok, 
I'm, terrible with a broom sweeping your mess away. 
 
 ..., two three break x3
 
