Breakfast Club Lyrics
by Z-Trip.


If-if you are listening to the new Z-Trip album on Hollywood Records.
We're here, we're being silly, we got Supernatural.
Z-Trip, I'm MURS and I like to have a good time.
And on Saturday mornings I used to like to get a big, fat bowl of cereal.
And watch cartoons, motherfucker, and if that, if you can't relate to this.
song.
You're taking this shit too serious. It's hip-hop, man, it's-it's fuckin' fun.

Ooh, I love eatin' cereal.
When I'm watchin' my cartoons.
Ooh, I love Fruity Pebbles.
When I'm watchin' my cartoons.
Ooh, I love Super Sugar Crisp.
When I'm watchin' my cartoons.
Ooh, I love Count Chocula.
When I'm watchin' my cartoons.

Let's go.
Pour the milk in the bowl.
Make sure it's ice cold.
Put my hand on the top.
So it won't overflow.
Forget playing outside with my friends from school.
It's Saturday morning, fool!
But you know what ain't cool.
Wakin' up first.
Cause all that be on the tube.
Is the Snorks and Smurfs.
, Strawberry Shortcake, the worst.
But comin' up next.
Was my boy, Johnny Quest.
Sim Sim Salabim.
But Fat Albert was the best.
The Brown Hornet Picture.
Pages.
Made me want to write graffiti.
I had to do it when Davey and Goliath couldn't see me.
Always tryin' to do right they'd be hangin' out with Dudley.
But I watched Wacky Races.
Rootin' for my dog, Muttley.
You know what really bugged me?
Go-Bots was wack.
Man, they bit the Transformers.
And that's a well known fact.
But....
After these messages we'll be right back.

Ooh, I love eatin' cereal.
When I'm watchin' my cartoons.
Ooh, I love to eat Frosted Flakes.
When I'm watchin' my cartoons.
Ooh, I love to eat Alphabits.
When I'm watchin' my cartoons.
Ooh, I love King Vitaman.
When I'm watchin' my cartoons.

I remember Teen Wolf tried to go vegetarian.
Told Thunder he was a sick barbarian.
For eatin' Tiger Sharks with his.
Ninja Turtle soup.
Because of that the Herculoids had to kick him out the group.
Yo, there used to be drama on the after school scene.
Tiny Toons started beefin' with Beverly Hills Teens.
But the Get Along Gang would come through and make amends.
And by the end of the week, they were all Super Friends.
But GI Joe would get riled up again.
Guns out, lookin' for weapons of mass destruction.
Harassin' Silver Hawks for little or nothing.
Of course, the Care Bears wouldn't have the heart to do somethin'.
I called Voltron on these Inhumanoids.
The Superions wouldn't let the Joes be destroyed.
You know, even in Cartoons.
Americana can't be tackled.
But at least we know now.
And knowin' is half the battle.

Ooh, I love to eat cereal.
When I'm watchin' my cartoons.
Ooh, I love to eat Honey Comb.
When I'm watchin' my cartoons.
Ooh, I love to eat Cookie Crisp.
When I'm watchin' my cartoons.
Ooh, I love to eat Fruit Loops.
When I'm watchin' my cartoons.

Now, right before we go.
I think you got the right to know about She-Ra.
On the low.
She was a Thundercat ho.
Orco tryin' to cover up and say she got a man.
But he lied.
It was really one of Jem's Holograms.
After that.
I got nosy went around the back.
And found out Josie sellin' Pussy to Cats.
Chargin' 3, 2, 1 for a little Contact.
Because Hong Kong Phooey had the illest pimp slap.
Her sweet Jabber Jaws went to the highest bid.
But what made it worse was she Incorporated Kids.
So, Marshall Bravestarr came through with Captain Power.
And vowed that G-Force would shut 'em down within the hour.
Until Chip 'N Dale and the Rescue Rangers.
Came through to save them hoes with a Mouse named Danger.
To make things stranger.
She still gets to ho.
Well, let a ho be a ho.
And that's one to grow on.

Ooh, I love eatin' cereal.
When I'm watchin' my cartoons.
Ooh, I love Crunch Berries.
When I'm watchin' my cartoons.
Ooh, I love Rice Krispies.
When I'm watchin' my cartoons.
Ooh, I love to eat Golden Grahams.
When I'm watchin' my cartoons.
Ooh, I love to eat Apple Jacks.
When I'm watchin' my cartoons.
Ooh, I love to eat Cheerios.
When I'm watchin' my cartoons.
Ooh, I love to eat Trix.
When I'm watchin' my cartoons.
Ooh, I like Cap'n Crunch.
When I'm watchin' my cartoons.

And you know I can't live without my cereal.
And you know I can't live without my cereal.

