Break Ya Neck (Freestyle Lyrics
by Wrekonize.


Ring, the bell ring the bell better: get alarmed 
Need, a second to get better with a leather palm 
Showing up to your job, with a letter bomb 
Anthrax in the center of the pentagon, 
In it with a bit of the bang, bang 
Get'em up and get'em. All a critical mainframe 
Limited to litigate a cynical lame brain 
Ignorant. Vein. Vein, typical, shame, shame, 
This, here's a warning shot to all those acting funny: 
I'm loading up to get respect and Apple Patent money; 
This, here's the final five 
But! I need to get a liver, vibe 
Meet me in the middle, with the iodine 
I think it's'bout to time that I die for mine 
How'bout your needs. I thirst for more heat, 
Dropping shit, that'll make'em, all really wan na 
Stop, -- drop and roll 
I got them. Tour needs bring the liquor. Please. 
I live a life that is really quite nice. Full of 
Rock -- and roll 
This game is pure greed, big racks and more sleaze 
But. It'S all in the good name of 
Hip-hop -- and soul, 
So. Let them whores breed who needs the sword. Cleaned 
Ben has got a better bit of bangers. That'Ll, put your Betty 
Back down on her hands and knees, 
Please emcees. If you need to breathe free 
Then, do not challenge me. We agree. Please leave 

My. Next, album is set to make Mitt Romney pro-abortion, 
Cause kids can't compete when the Brit spits on the beats 
With. The verbs and with the speech I been bred to rep the Heat 

And them last bars were weak. That'S just how they sound to me. 
Get, a trip down to Miami come and get a humid reply. 
The drinks are doubles and, if troubled well, then you just might die 
Get your hustle put'em. In a muzzle we been loving the sky 
 Wan na give another public supply of what you been fucking. Denied
 
I'm an 8-3 king with a HD thing. 
Enemies who hate me? You know I don't stop ... 
But. I keep and I keep on going in 
Get. It banging all up in the bigger lower end 
Get another from the brother with the solar pen, 
That good'ol. Bottom rock ..., 
 
