Breathe (Sha La La) Lyrics
by Wretch 32.


Three bedroom house six live inside it 
Queueing up for the bathroom is a hype. Ting 
Che staring out the window. 
All you see is rain. What'S a little bit of lightning 
Chilling in the ends, till police show up. 
If one makes a joke, then they get shown up 
And round here. Your friends. Are your family 
If Dad ain't around then the ends grow. Dust 
These are the times that you feel most neglected. 
Cause Mum just sends you to the shock to get electric 
And deep down. You didn't wan na go 
But. If you ever, let her know you'll be living on your own 
And right now, you're living on the road 
But, it's nice to know that you've got the choice of going home. 
It'S weird cause it's busy in the pitch 
But. We still can't catch who's pissing in the lift, 
 
I'm like just give it a rest man. I know best man, please 
, 
The police are still scattered preaching I've. Had it like, please 
 
Cause, all the words I'm hearing got my eardrums burning like please 
 
If, you've got nothing good to say, then just keep quiet, breathe, 
, 
Living paranoid, that's what the game does 
Sitting there talking now. The world is against ya. 
And. Now you're scared of what changed us 
Why. Would we leave the estate It created us 
Mum keeps saying I should go and get a job 
So. That'S the reason that we don't get along 
Saying, she's gon na send me to live with my dad 
Everyone's an influence and they're leading me on 
But. She don't understand that I'm my own man 
I, can make me a grand or make her a gran. 
Only thing changed is the number of the day 
So without sellotape I'mma stick to the plan 
Cause, it's the only way. I know how to live. 
And, don't claim that you know how it is 
Cause if you ever walked. One mile in my shoes, 
You'd be slipping in the ends like you need better grip, 
 
Growing up, we were ever so skint 
That made it so hard tryna, be the Fresh Prince 
I stopped combing, my hair on purpose 
Just. So my mum would make me get a fresh trim 
Looking in the mirror, while I'm getting out the chair 
Mumbling to myself what the fuck you done here 
But, I didn't even say it cause. I know I've got ta, pay him 
Cuh when you're growing up. I know nothing makes sense. 
Odd trim, hoodie up tryna chat up girls. 
She said I've chatted up the rest of the world. 
Said I'd sent texts when I never had credit. 
The truth is I'd done it on free, voicemail, 
I ain't saying that I never had a good life 
But. Every other night I had to watch Brookside 
The soaps are getting boring and it's lonely. At the bottom 
One day, I'm gon na make it out the hood life .
 
