Breakfast & Biggie Lyrics
by WordPlay T.JAY.


Woke this morning, Biggie Smalls was on the speakers 
Just one of those days like nothing, can defeat us 
Put Proffit on the drums. So you fools can't beat us 
We stay making, hits yes, something like Jeter 
And. Looking for some Franklins, nothing like Aretha, 
And, feeling real nice eating breakfast from my diva 
Before, I hit the door. I lace, my high top Adidas 
Say hello to the world like Wal-Mart greeters 
And. I just got paid pockets fatter than Peter Griffin, 
Bass lower than a creeper, so 
Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha check out this bizarre 
Bumping, nothing. But the classics from the trunk of my car 
There is no reasonable. Doubt I'm about to blow the speakers out 
And. You can't knock my hustle. We gone always be on route 
On, the road to success, and once again it's nothing less 
My day. Just doesn't start without Chris Wallace on the deck. Yes, 

I, don't need no Beamer Benz or the Bentley 
That kind of stuff. Isn'T in me I live my life. Simply 
Commercial dudes are funny comic like Ziggy 
All I need is breakfast. While I'm listening to Biggie 
Cause, all they do is party and bull SHHHH 
I'm like man. Can we listen to some music 
I ain't hating? I just take it to the pulpit 
It's been a long time and I've been praying for some newness. 

I'M reciting figure speech cause these other poets, weak 
And. It didn't take them long cause they hating. What I'm doing 
I see the way they roam and they hate that they've been ruined. 
You can go to KEV and record you're little single 
But. I make the booth numb and you're trying to make it tingle 
What's beef. I'M a ask you to proceed. 
In, a man I fear not because everybody bleeds 
You couldn't match our grind. If you had tracing paper, 
We've gotten this far along ain't asking for no favors 
Last time, I checked we're on the rise like vapors 
Boys be swag surfing when they needing life, savers, 
Ain't, making songs, no more they're, just tryna chase a dollar 
Do, not disturb, because These cats, just shouldn't, bother 
Nothing like the U of A, but I take these fools to college 
I prefer your study guide to be the late Chris Wallace Holler 

By the end of the night. I lace my high top Nikes 
And, while I'm getting fresh, I'm listening to the Frank White 
I said on Chris Farley that we'd be a little tardy 
But. Now that we're here we gone move some girl's bodies 
Cause. My ladies in the Rock love to sip on some Ciroc 
And, the chicks up on the hill, keep the Goose on chill 
And. Why they can't listen to your junk. It'S so apparent 
How you get so incoherent. She keeps my CD blaring 
And. This is what happens to MC's when they work at Mickey D's 
And spend their whole check on a set of 23's 
You might want to save up because rapping ain't gone, pay, ya 
Cause! If I rhymed like that, then I prolly been done gave up 
Sitting at the top. My Lord keeps pressing page up 
And watching rhymers backspace. We insert our flavor 
We're getting our return and your numbers on lock, 
Shifting Big SHHH, putting classics on the box, YUP 
 
