Breezing Lyrics
by Xander P..


Potent to be an omnipotent with some lavish coating.
Coping &amp; not moping, upward ski sloping.
Can't play me, even with a token.
Your token of appreciation is embracing.
The fact that I'm en-lacing &amp; enticing the music industry's bison's.
Such behemoths, leaches, creatures with some screeches.
Such foul products.
A harmonic prophet for some sonic profit.
I'm clogging the gossip, with these composites.
I'm docking at the closet, dropping a deposit.
From the cash of the market, causing such havoc.
Just to make my name classic, making bibliographics.
That you could visualize like static.
From the TV, and I could see the debris from ya 3rd eye, G.

Breezing by.
Breezing by.
Breezing by but I ain't even high.

If you don't master technology, technology'll master you.
I'm mastering my master too, but this young student ain't even in college.
I'm just one of the world's many components along with my many opponents.
And I'm proposing we start to part from these ramparting habits.
Evolving like Ash's own Krabby, hoes listen'n saying he's not too shabby.
Breezing by like I'm the Supreme Kai.
Harnessing power like the Supreme 5.
I ain't tryna live my whole life to work a 9 to 5.
Creativity's savior born in Summer 96.
Didn't grow up with them fly Nike kicks.
Just round Heineken's, but never did I take sip.

Breezing by.
Breezing by.
Breezing by but I ain't even high.

Lets pick up where I left off.
I was always in the room watching Anime flicks.
Guess I was the cool kid that got shunned by the nice chicks.
I mean daw, I was never really made aware of.
I just minded my own resting in my lair bruh.
My life was always in a scenario of peril.
Attention thru mischief like Harold n his partner.
Wasn't into rap, never listened to the Carter's.
Always had 99 problems like Mr. Shawn Carter.
Now I can overcome any obstacle.
So I'm boutta son y'all like the prodigal.

Breezing by.
Breezing by.
Breezing by but I ain't even high.

Breezing by.
Breezing by.
Breezing by but I ain't even high.

