Bring It Back Lyrics
by Unique.


Spittin different styles then the criminal minded so called killin the rhymes.
in minimal timing tryna act like they have some lyrical shining while there.
sitting in the back on the toilet crying.
Im gonna show you all what your missing out on, this is the real so its no.
shout out song.
Rap is back and its in my fucking hands, this is the shit that's gonna make.
your head dance.
So wherever in the world your listening from im telling you to Pump this song.
and Puff that bong.
Bring all your friends along couse theres nothing wrong with flying to the sky.
like cheech and chong.
Im back with a brand new track most rappers lack skills to rap but they still.
get a plaque.
Im gonna show them that I won't have a nack so ill kick them all back to the.
shack that's a fact.
Irish and proud and ill say it out loud don't make me call my crowd and start.
a row.
Couse we tend to get rowdy when theres an argument.
It stops getting cloudy were back to the parks again.
Were all fighters so light up your lighters you don't want to try us so youd.
rather delight us.
Im coming in like the tide on my stride and none of you could stop me if you.
tried so you better obide.
By the words im saying new lyrics im spraying through your mind like an alien.
attacking your brain again your back to the praying again feeling the pain.
again im putting out your fire with the rain again.
Im gonna show you whats real and whats right theres a difference between,.
real rap and shite.
So come with me now were taking off on a flight and were not gonna stop till.
the end of the night.

Keep Rapping work on your talent and ... bring it back with me.
Bring it back, bring it back, bring it back, bring it back.
I said keep rapping work on your talent and .. bring it back with me.
Bring it back, bring it back, bring it back, bring it back.

Young product of tha gangsta rap.
They stepping to my team, it get a gansta clap.
That pretty little killer man.
Nothing be realer man.
I lean back.
Mac in my lap.
I'm straight strapped.
I ain't scared ofyou please.
Just give tha nina a squeeze.
Chillin with the homies.
That security breached.
Lyrics so violent.
Play em' like a violin.
Road to riches.
Bruh that chopper start wilin.
Getting tired of these petty lil haters.
My crew roll up in all black, like the raiders.

Hop out with that nine.
It seems the team, getting that green.
They hear tha chopper scream.

Come along.
Bang your fist to the song.
Roll up.
Empty that clip and now they gone.
Roll up.
Empty that clip and now they gone.

Sideways shooter.
Nothing be cooler.
AK out the window.
Finna spray for the moola.
Sideways shooter.
Nothin be cooler.
AK out the window.
Finna spray for the moola.
Been ballin' I stay on the offense.
Young king.
Takin shots like I called it.

Yuh so ruthless.
Just check dis movement.
Step on tha scene.
Always winning.
Never losin.

Keep Rapping work on your talent and ... bring it back with me.
Bring it back, bring it back, bring it back, bring it back.
I said keep rapping work on your talent and .. bring it back with me.
Bring it back, bring it back, bring it back, bring it back.

Underground rhyme schemes getting groups with tag teams.
Beating me that's a dream.
Keep dreaming you're a fiend of the green I'm being mean we're supreme on this.
team.
Look at you in skinny jeans and you wanna battle me.
Not a hope you're gonna choke on the smoke in your throat.
You're a dope you can't cope with the lyrics that I'm spittin' cause' your.
group is bullshitting and you're soon to be missing, shouldn't even be dissin.
Cause' we're putting it down that you shouldn't mess with us.
Cause' our punchlines smash like a double decker bus.
We're coming in hard.
And we're spittin' fresh bars tryna' get some fresh cars just by ripping mics.
apart.
So I write some more lyrics cause' the track is nearly finished just flowing.
keep going till we handle all our business till the others are Diminished and.
you know we're always winning cause' we have your mind spinning off the beats.
that we're killin.

Keep Rapping work on your talent and ... bring it back with me.
Bring it back, bring it back, bring it back, bring it back.
I said keep rapping work on your talent and .. bring it back with me.
Bring it back, bring it back, bring it back, bring it back.

