Broad Factor Lyrics
by Quasimoto.


I know you're tired of dumb shit so check this here.
I see the neck-breaking, butt-shaking freaks of this year.
Yeah, so peep the steelo of how.
it go.
Your neck turning cos your head already know.
So pass that ---- and watch Quas dip fast.
And have honeys back of the jeep catching whiplash.
Backs so fat, have you all on smile.
Take my dip to the motel, do things that make you raise your eyebrows.

I'm coming soon, y'all about to get ----.
So hit that poon but protect your d---.
Eject, wrong, I'm still stabbing with my prong.
I be blowing up lots, you'd think you were sitting on a nail bomb.

Stay on and keep rocking please.
I feel sorry for them blind men, they ain't seeing these.
Acting, we roll with bad tens or basics.
After I'm done I pass her off to the next faces.

She got your head turning cos she knows her backs is fat.
Shake it up like this and a little like that.
She got your head turning cos her face ain't wack.
Move on like this and then like that.
She got your head turning, she look like a snack.
Now it's on like this and then like that.
She got your head turning cos her backs is fat.
Shake it up like this and then like that.

Them backs pack energy like nuclear reactors.
My name is Lord Quas and this be the broad factor.
After, she soon choose me I'll take a toke.
I'll ---- your girl here or over there, a million strokes.
No jokes, I see tan lines and start aiming mines.
That girl's so fine, a hundred dumb niggas in line.
Bumped into my old ex-girl, now we blending.
Menage a trois, don't say jack, then walk quiet like a ninja.
I enter, freaks, so you should expect.
To practice yoga so we can get the other postions set.
You got sexed up, and guess what, I'm the one that hit it.
You won't neglect it cause my jim be employing paramedics.
I get it, yeah and it'll stay that way.
I know you'll be back, you know I got some dimes on layaway.
And I'll be here freaking fly honeys that make you sweat.
Do me a favor and tell your girl that I ain't finished yet.

