Broadcasting Live Lyrics
by Twisted Minds.


A couple dreams, a mixtape but no time to wait.
No time to fixate upon what's not up on my plate.
Is they real cause how they act?
But when they rap they acting fake.
I need a break, I'm bout to take y'all By The Lake.
I made a plan for you to understand that I'm your future man no wedding shit.
But for this rapping man damn you know I will commit.
Even though me and rap have been in a rocky ass relationship I'll end that.
quick.
We attract because I guess that we the opposite.
I feel deprived a bit, they say I'm too young for this.
I didn't write my rhymes just to be denied in this.
I made this record here, maybe you could vibe to this.

I don't know where we'd start.
I don't know where we'd go.
And from your stereo.
I want to hear me loud.
They want to stare me down.
I won't let them no.
I'm broadcasting live, I'm Broadcasting live.

Hey father, aye are you okay brother?
You in debt, don't invest, your income's from your mother.
Just last week you were claiming Hilfigure rich.
Pardon all my brothers you're the reason they act niggerish.
They preach it like church.

Am I the reason why you lames start cursing?
Be twisting up my words like I be writing in cursive.
Young brother I ain't even into cursing.
Cause next time they play my... all you hear is....
Then my music's not for the streets.
And when I rap you I want you hear every damn word that I speak.
Before I go, you always said my raps are weak.
Well let's make this meal for my rapping to get obese.
I was a simple nigga back in the day.
With a big dream and a tape.
Yow I'll do rap when it pays.

Typical mindset of the nation.
Money, clothes, hoes gets played on every station.
We don't see pass those creations cause the media develops the attitude of.
generations.
Insanity craves and all your personality goes six feet in the graves.
Lyrical artist delayed, popping mollys is played.
And then we wondering, Yow, will there be better days?
Days, days, upon days, rap game it sways.
And I stay amazed while these artistes blaze.
Every radio channel got these people channelling their energy.
And the enemy becomes rap.
Because instead of me loving it, I hate.
Three things determine the fakest, you made it.
Yeah, congrats nigga you made it.
Only cause these people's minds are faded.

