Broccoli Lyrics
by XP.


Ain'T no tellin' what I'm finna be on 
I'm beyond all that fuck shit, 
 
Somebody told me: they ain't never seen 
This much buzz around a teen since JoJo 
More Heat than D-Wade in a heat wave 
But. My shit still cold, like Fro-Yo 
And. They hating cause. They only doing so-so 
Looking at me: sideways XP's logo, 
Yeah, you got bars, but niggas need flow. Tho 
 # 1 Draft Pick and y'all ain't even go pro 
Wait up hold it now they gone. Tell me slow my shit down 
Look at all. These plays. I get now play my shit 
And. They can't sit down, nope 
They'll be jumping like they, Jordan, 
Zack, LaVine and Aaron Gordon 
I be saucing cause. My flow is A1. Yes, it's that important 
I made my mixtape and niggas run it back. 
 
Ya mixtape got a fee. I want my money back, 
 
Don't Wan na Fall In Love. They was loving that 
Off 100 Bucks. I should've made a hundred stacks 
They say they proud of me. They say I'm a prodigy 
Man. This shit is just for fun, but please don't think it's Comedy cause When it comes pesos. I don't Plato, I
ain't Socrates 
They asking how to get green like us. Just tell em eat they. Broccoli, God
damn, 
, 
In, the middle of the party bitch get off me 
In. The cut I'm rolling up my broccoli 
Ya, I know your baby mama fond of me. 
Yall she want to do is smoke that broccoli 
Whispered. In my ear she trying to leave with me 
Said that I can get that pussy easily 
Said, that I can hit that shit, so greasily 
I'm a dirty dog. I did it sleazily 
 
Ain't, no tellin' what I'm finna be on 
I'm beyond all that fuck shit. 
Ain'T no tellin' what I'm finna be on 
I'm beyond all that fuck shit. 
 
May have made my bed up, but I never left her bitch 
I'm only cashing checks in with the best investors, 
Young and reckless. But I learned my lesson: 
He rock a halo like the heavens sent him. My flow is evervesant. 
I know Timmy would be mad if I ain't snap here, 
No job making no MULA like its last year, 
Young thot racing to my Uber, like my pads near 
Stationed. In aruba, with some shooters, like I'm booling 
And, any nigga perusing tryna catch a consumer 
Know. A couple grease monkeys put a tool through ya cooler. Serial killers raising bands take 2 move to just scoop
her 
To any niggas raising hands better hope that I'm schooling 
Keep her wet like a scuba 
So. Why would you ever tread light with me, 
Nappy hair? Why would you ever pick a fight with me? 
They stop and stare, but the camera don't frighten me 
They know what I could be: 
 
In, the middle of the party bitch, get off me 
In the cut I'm rolling up my broccoli 
Ya. I know your baby mama fond of me. 
All she want to do. Is smoke that broccoli 
Whispered in my ear she trying to leave with me 
Said that I can get that pussy easily 
Said that I can hit that shit, so greasily 
I'm a dirty dog. I did it sleazily 
 
Ain't, no tellin' what I'm finna be on 
I'm beyond all that fuck shit, 
Ain't, no tellin' what I'm finna be on 
I'm beyond all that fuck shit
 
