Broke No Mo Lyrics
by Yung Massina.


Niggas think we rap just for fun.
Niggas think we trap just for fun.
Boy we do this shit for the funds.
I ain't going broke no more.
I ain't going broke no more.
I ain't going broke no more, no no.
My ex girl say I got a son.
My lil cousin say he got a bond.
So I got to get the job done.
Don't wanna sell dope no more.
But I ain't going broke no more.
I ain't going broke no more, no no.

Said fuck the rapping route now I'm in my trapping house.
And I got them rocks in the water nigga, Patrick's house.
Gotta get this package out, a nigga need shelter.
The way I'm whipping ‘caine, man I should've been a wrestler.
I'm ‘bout to get the M's like I'm bringing back Mecca.
Making moves on you squares ‘til I'm king like Checkers.
It's Def Jam Vendetta if a rapper wants mine.
I don't like Kevin Love, wolf tickets I ain't buying.
Some of ‘em ain't lying ‘bout burying niggas.
But half of ‘em are like the letters in mirror.
Me, I'm very official, them niggas flexing like they selling bricks.
They be having sex with dope ‘cause they ain't sell a bit.
They say I'm heaven sent, but still I give ‘em hell.
I fell off and came back like a lizard's tail.
And now I'm getting dimes wet like a wishing well.
Feel like it's my time next nigga wish me well.

As a youngin', I was taught never change and.
Always put your circle first like hangman.
Any life I bring in, make sure that we got ties.
‘cause I see a chicken when I look into my Pop eyes.
From outside, you can't see what's in a thug's head.
But like Sylvester Stallone, they want to judge dreads.
Shit got me upset, watching from the trenches.
I saw my niggas turn into pussies like witches.
But I'm 100 miles per hour on the road to riches.
This shit is in my genes like I boo boo'd in my britches.
A man on a mission, my plan is to get it.
If I'm lyin' then I'm flying like the grand rapids griffins.
Heard victory delicious, I'ma warm me up a plate.
Never take another L unless it's Varner on a date.
Condo on the lake, sparking the purple.

