Bubble Lyrics
by WordPlay T.JAY.


Aiight.

Bubble Gum, Bubble butts.
Let me see if you can pop that.
Girl I'm blowing up.
Let me see if you can pop that.
I said, Girl I'm blowing up.
Let me see if you can pop that.
Yeah, girl I'm blowing up.
Let me see if you can pop that, yeah.

Busting through your mainframe.
Look in my direction when the game changes.
I ain't staring at the same stages.
Trying to figure out why you're maintaining.
Damn, Daniel.
Kicking things off like a damn sandle.
Ya boy's on the boards like a Van's handle.
Fans ramble.
Spit in this heat like a damn camel.
I can never elevate with the same flow.
Everybody wants me on the main though.
Why you never wanna let your mane grow.
Always looking sad like a Van Gogh.
Dang bro, I don't stop.
I got a few gears but idle's not.
Tell me cut it out but I don't chop.
Ain't no reason for me doing this if I don't pop.

Bubble butts in my section.
Realest nigga my reflection.
Sheesh world without.
Go hard like an erection.
It's Futuristic, fuck your past.
Unless we already fucked, then it's fuck you pass.
Peach Ciroc in my cup or glass, I smack that ass.
With a stack, the only time I let her touch the cash.
I might pull up in a Range Rover.
Big Pimping like my name Hova.
You frowned upon like a gay soldier.
This is takeover, 8 shows in 7 days I can't stay sober.
Damn I got a hangover.
Chain smoker, did a show with the Chain Smokers.
A couple bitty's in your city tryna stay over.
I got her moist and that ain't lotion.
She got a body that'll make Fetty Wap's eyes stay open.

She just pop it.
Don't need a Mac just to get my logic.
Need to see it bounce like hot checks.
Fanning the heat like a fresh Hot Pocket.
See my broadcast, to get my success.
Love them hips, when you wear that sundress.
Tryna get it wet like a t-shirt contest.
I'm here to see it drop like a beach at sunset.
Love that nothing is above that.
You can sit it on down like a touch back.
If you ready for the summer don't cuff that.
We already fly with it don't bus back.
WordPlay and I'm getting cheese.
And I never hit the trap, but I hit them keys.
Girls worldwide wanna be a tease.
Saying that's my song when they shake them cheeks.

