Built in a Day (5am Remix) Lyrics
by XEL.


See I woke up in the middle of a nightmare.
Boxing with my demons they don't fight fair.
Might scare, everyone of these cats look at the mice there.
Looking around my dark life for bright flares....

I will not wait for the funk.
Yeah we got grape and the skunk.
Got that phosphate in my lungs.
Rockford Fosgate in my trunk.
And them rocks shake when the thump.
Bars are locked safe for the punks.
Saying they not late for a month.
Eating off plates what you want?
All my thoughts race from the blunts.
This the big leagues, where the fish feed.
Them cops hate when we stunt.
Cross fate for my lunch.
Ya'll are nada, but pinatas we piranhas.
You lotta yada and yada, but not up in my waters though.
And the things that you be thinking of right now, I already thought of bro.
Not modest with nothing.
You thinking you on because you got some Twitter followers?
Rapping about your fam but you got rid of all of us.
I'd kill for this life, filter this light, if I built it it's right.
Funny you don't know the lines but still get the stripes.
You will get a price, taxing all of you.
The chemist back in the lab again, I'm cracking molecules.
Saddest but the maddest with the pad and pen, have to follow through.
They don't even know me, they judging me off a fucking song.
That's why I'm always angry but acting like nothing's wrong.
I puff the bong and I'm in the clouds, that's where my mind it must have gone.
I'm find another rhyme to structure on.
I never did do no time though.
Committed thee crimes, flipping the pine.
Giving the lines, living confined, driving to climb.
Sipping the wine rolling the White Rhino.
Students this you final.
They don't know me at all then tell me how the fuck would I know.
I'm just crazy and stupid but now they laid me a blueprint.
Ain't seen this kinda psycho since Shady in alien suits and.
They made me a nuisance, who gives a flying fuck about the radio's two cents?
You bailed, go play with your new friends.
You thinking that you talented because you overdub.
I really grew up in the slums, and homie I would know a scrub.
From the Rez into the hood, they gone always show me love.
Because I'm out here for my people till the the day I go above.
Or is it below? Truman's back it's time to visit the show.
My rhyme exquisite with flow, my mind is intricate though.
It's interwoven the tundra ain't been as frozen.
The ice is forming in my organs, cold as Minnesotans.
A royal flush and then I'm folding.
Just guarantee that I'm made for this, if and when I'm chozen.
I'm Doctor House kid, you all about the fashion yeah.
You prolly shop for blouses.
You got the Garmin on the dash so you could watch the route switch.
You in the trap? that's no joke, I'm on my stop the mouse shit.
Then we wash em out quick.
Unless I'm at your wake I will not smile.
They tell me that I'm too harsh and my thoughts vile.
On my Trailer Park Boys shit, ya'll lookin' like the Roc Pile.
Yeah you know you in them cop files.
Listed as informant, your music is fucking trash no listening it's boring.
You ain't whipping in a foreign, you workin' a 9-5 just like I do.
So don't be surprised when if I gotta check you when I ride though.
Saving up but gotta live in debt just for survival.
You swearing on ya life ya hand that's left is on the bible.
No wonder they never get me up onto they song.
They know when I get up on that bitch that I'm a kill it cause I lay napalm.
Nobody could ever put up with me won't stay long.
But now when I get em' devour the writtens this C4, ain't no fake bombs.
And I'm all about the real hip hop.
But I love the 808, I gotta feel it drop.
Spazzing on some next shit, what's happening, I left quick.

Always interrupting me and shit.. I'm just out here tryna eat. Go fuck yaself..
XEL.

