Bullyshit Lyrics
by Quasimoto.

Madlib 
Hey Quas, let em know why you the bad character, 
 
Quasimoto 
I only come out when the sky gets dark in the night time, 
We get shark-like when it's the right time, 
I run around town, scalping old folks for butter knives 
No regards for nothing. We all up on the gutter life 
I, keep it on the down low, just like a terrorist 
Planning out the illest shit, but always keep it. Errorless 
I'm, like a bully that started out in the first grade, 
Picking out the chumps in class. That'S when the nurse came 
Sticking pencils in the hand of the principal 
Heh, there's nothing. You can tell me cuz, I'm feeling indismissable 
Yo, it's the bad character. You know the routine 
Smoking doja in the back of the
church, with Rev too clean 
Hey, Willie I'mma never grow up. 

The last person that took us is permanently swimming with fishes. 
I give a *sniffs* what you think of my life, hitting every wife cause. We all up on strife
 
Skit 
Once. Upon a time there was a 97 pound weakling named Seymour 
Seymour Hi, Im Seymour .
.Who was always pushed around by mean bully's 
Bully Im a mean bully 
 .... They would steal Seymour's girls at the beach 
Bully. Gim ME, DAT, GURL, 
, ..., hey would steal his food at the restuarant 
Bully GIM ME DAT FOOD 
 ... and they would steal his jar full of money. 
Bully GIM ME DAT MONEY, 
, 
Madlib, 
Hey Quas leave him alone, ..., oh shit, 
, 
Quasimoto, 
I tie you up to the back of my car 
Take a phone trip after ten drinks at a bar 
It's like a belt yo, I be hitting mad tail 
DOOM's nominated For the best rolled L's, 
Quas is nominated for the best sold spells. 
Madlib is often hated because he has less sales 
The new breed Quasimoto take-over, 
Connect the dots. So we can get the ... shake rover 
Leave a taste of baking soda 
Thought. I told ya to take a piss like you was my stepson 
The chosen one come and get some 
Like one time this brotha blew my bathroom up, trying to get relief. 
But didn't know. I roll my toilet paper on poison ivy leaf 
Heh. I give a *sniffs* what you think of my life, hitting every wife cause we
all up on strife
 
