Bullies (Based Freestyle) Lyrics
by Yung God.

Young man, 15, 'A' honor role.
No 'B's, he could have went to any college that he pleased.
Way smarter than you her and me, glasses on so he can see.
And he wasn't popular, didn't get along with athletes.
Ride the bus, back seat, eating by his self at lunch.
Picked on every day, didn't fight back, he'd take a punch.
Yesterday some bullies beat him up in the bathroom.
Put his head in a toilet full of piss.
Went to the principle but he didn't do shit.
Next day bullies caught him after school.
Blood drip, from his nose and his lips plus he had a black eye.
Went home and then cried, and told God he wanna to die.
People crack jokes in hallways when he walks by.
Deep down a good guy, so he could only ask why.
They didn't like him, any party they didn't invite him.
And he never said a word so all the bullies always bite him, so hard.
They're just jealous of the grades on his report card, he's so hurt.
Pushed him against the lockers and, stole all his homework.
Star quarterback picking on him so he's stuck now.
Teachers did nothing just because he's throwing touchdowns.
Young man had enough.
Then he made his own guns and bullets and swore to God that he would shoot the.
school up.
Had a plan, get to school around 8.
Sneak through the back door so nobody could check the gun on his waist.
Young man that went crazy, you could see it on his face.
And he wasn't born that way, it's thanks to all the hate.
The first person that he shot, he didn't even know they name.
Then he went to every class and shot the teachers through the brain.
You could tell he ain't the same, you could see it in his eyes.
Bully saw him with a gun and then tried to apologize.
But it was only out of fear, and he could tell it was a lie.
They didn't give a fuck about him they just didn't want to die.
Then he found the quarterback and said try to punch me now.
5 seconds went by, 10 bodies on the ground.
Then he disappeared quick and his body was never found.
1 day equals 20 bodies shot in the grave.
Young man was so smart he could have found a cure for AID's.
Potential never reached fully.
And it's thanks to all the bullies.
I hate bullies.

