Bumbell Lyrics
by Yukmouth.

Tech N9ne &amp; Yukmouth.
Regime killers, ah.
What the deal.

What's poppin'?
Regime niggas in this motherfucker.
For the 199 twist bitch.

Regime shit, yeah.

New millennium rhymers, nigga.

The bumbell, where the fuck you at?

Tecca Nina.
And Smoke a Lot himself.

Let's serve these niggas with the straight shh, uh nigga.

Fuck that, I'm tired of not being of the bungalow shit.
This bumbell for you, nigga.

It's bumbell, bumbell, that's straight rapid fire.
That override your amplifiers and the woofers.

Niggas stash my tape like gats in the bushes, it's that lethal.
It'll probably have you killing people, for real.
Cops say it's illegal to have a Yuk tape in your possession.
Niggas keep going to jail for 11, 350's and 211's.
187's, concealed weapons, all the.
above.
Tear the fuckin' club up with my nigga what.

That Tech N9ne nigga, lyrically blind niggas on the grind.
All the time you will find I spiritually define nigga.
Rhyme killer, I'm the fuhrer from Missour-a.
Quick when I rip shit trip this animalistic, fuck Ace Ventura.
By the power of my dead niggas, I'mma ride this like a rollercoaster.
Ain't nobody fuckin' with my niggas I'm the killer representin' Cosa Nostra.
So bust like you're supposed to, we guaranteed.
This gon' sell, cause this shit's the bumbell nigga.

This shit is heated.
Your shit's deleted.
And when you need it.
We drunk and weeded.
As long as this rap shit sells.
Us niggas with figures.
We keep releasin' the bumbell.

Bitch I can make you ven  make you land.
Make the fans  gang related dance.
I can make the hood  make your Kim Wood.
Make your stereo  make calico.
They dumpin' on us, clunk-clunk go the trunk.
Grab the pump, bang my shit when you in the mist to funk.
Or get shit crunked, when shit jumps.
I'm the theme music like Thorazine.
The fiends cling to it, I didn't mean to do it.
The music made me do it, it made me loose it.
Got my mind playin' tricks, now my nine can't stop.
Sprayin' shit, until the nigga lay in a ditch.
And when I played this shit it blew my speakers out.
Looked out the window I saw dope fiends and tweakers.
Out in the middle of the street doing the electric slide.
You should have peeped it out.
It got me geeked out, hustlin' makin' scriller.
After every word I got to say nigga.
Like what's up, nigga? Let's smoke this blunt, nigga.
Oh, yesterday got caught, got fucked up, nigga.
You bumpin' Yuk, nigga? Oh that's the bumbell.

We're now listening to the sounds of Tech N9ne.
I don't need no medication, I just packs my crispy flows.
Endo, rum and fornication, jammed up for y'all filthy hoes.
That nigga named Tech N9ne is a motherfucker on Gang Related.
Hater's gotta respect mine or the next time get strangulated.
Rap A Lot summoned me, I told 'em that I had a gun in me.
Loony as a nigga wanna be, kindly get the fuck from front of me.
Sleepin' with a black cat in my lap, splitin' poles daily.
Under a lot of weight and on a bus on a broken mirror don't faze me.

They say Tech without rap you wouldn't be alive.
Fuck that, I got niggas lettin' 'em go for twelve five, bumbell's live.
We bringin' heat to the game, deep when we came.
Niggas fucked up and put they feet to the flame.
Got that  if you want it, gives a  I'm a flaunt it.
That  got niggas thinkin' I'm hunted, the bumbell.

Tech N9ne &amp; Yukmouth.
Yeah.
KC meets Oakland.
Oakland meets Houston, a killer mixture.
Bumbell.
Tech N9ne.
Ish, uck, nigga.
What you wanna do.
Regime crew.
Like that nigga.
Me and Yukmouth up in this motherfucker.
Puttin' this shit in your back.
For the 199 twist.
You know what I'm shizzlin'?
You know what I'm shizzlin'?
You know what I'm shizzlin'?
Regime killers!

