Bust On Em (Remix) Lyrics
by Z-Mane.

Opening King Henry 
Yup 
Now see what we got here: ... 
Is the remix ... 
 
We got Z-Mane ..., .Tone, ..., 
And ya boy, King Henry 
Leggo 
You know we stay bustin on these niggas 
Reppin' Royalty Gang until I go. Bruh 
King shit, nigga, 
Haha 
You, already know what it is: mane 
 
We bout to bust on em we bout to bust on em 
We bout to we bout to we bout to bust on em 
 
Y'all, don't know who you dealin' with 
Mess with me and Hurt is what your feelings get. 
I ain't worried bout. It I don't want no problems. 
Me and my crew man. You know we steady ballin', 
 { Man, we bout to bust on em, we bout to bust on em 
, 
We bout to we bout to we bout to bust on em 
, }, 
 
King Henry. I hope all these niggas hear me 
My flow eerie yeah. It make these niggas fear me 
I bust, on em have'em lookin', like an accident 
Fuck, your opinion cause I'm all about the facts and shit 
Yeah. I rep that RGOD. So you know I'm blessed 
My team runnin' it you have to stop and take a rest. 
I killed Dial Tone, then I killed Goldie 
Now. Everybody know me 
Got, so many chicks. You would think this was a hen house 
Started from the bottom. Now we chillin' in a penthouse 
 Naw, I'm just playin', but I'm still livin' life 
And. When I get to bustin', it's gon' be a hell of a night 
 Yeah, that's the right cause! I'M the king ho 
It's Royalty. I got a crown on my ego 
, It's too big, too strong, 
 Me and Z. We bout to bust on'em, 
Leggo 
 
Z-Mane, Talking 
Ok .... We stay bustin' on em, mane 
Henry, my nigga. I see you 
Alright, look 
 
Now, I'm a killer. My nigga, you just soft as a chinchilla 
And, when my crew get to bustin', you gon' be in for a thriller 
Man we on top of the pillar. You should call a grave digger 
Cause when we step on the scene. All we gon' do is kill ya. 
Man we bustin' niggas can't be trusted. It'S pitiful, 
I'll bring him down to size. Have him lookin' like a mineral 
It's simple though simple, hoes swaggin' in their simple clothes 
Askin'? Can she get a ride, hit her with a simple, no 
So cold man. A blanket won't help me 
You messin', with my temperature, nigga gon' get dealt with. 
Trust me ain't, no rushin'. When my niggas get to bustin' 
Best believe we'll leave you dusted and disgusted you bustas 
You know the rules, my niggas. We keep them tools. 
But. We ain't Handy Manny, hope you understand it: 
Yeah man, it's Royalty, Gang 
We, always reppin' for the crown. It'S a loyalty thing: 
 
Z-Mane, Talking 
What 
Y'all thought that Z-Mane and King Henry 
Were, the only ones that be bustin' on niggas 
Let me call my nigga from the V.A 
Ayo Tone: holla at'em, mane, 
, 
Uh 
Leave, your girl with me, she's mine. I ain't speculating 
Her long hair. I will pull there. Ain'T no hesitating. 
Anger. I see in your eyes I'm down for instigating 
Type of nigga to take your bitch leave. You masturbating 
Jergens recommended my nigga, I'm just saying: 
These long nights will catch up with you and I ain't playing 
Too many smuts out here. So I ain't ever paying 
Too many sins in my life, I'm, like God, dammit Satan 
Hold up now you ain't. Seeing me go dummy nigga 
Hold up, not settling here, I'm not that comfy 
In. The position I'm in is kind of rugged, I'm not that lucky 
Seven deadly sins. So my mind is always flooded. 
Lean my seat back two feet up and I say: fuck it 
You, making buckets tuck it in. I ain't tryin' to hear it 
On the rise. My reign is spreading. Quick 
If, you were smart. You would learn to fear it 
Fear it 
 
Now bust on'em, bust on'em, bust on'em 
Naw. I can't trust'em. So I keep a close eye. 
I got wings on the paper, so I let the dough fly 
Don't cry my nigga. Everybody fails 
On that kiddie stuff call that nigga Dragon Tails 
Yeah I'm addicted to the game. Like my boy, Nor.. 
 
Come on 
 
We bout to bust on em, we bout to bust on em 
We bout to we bout to we bout to bust on em 
 
Closing King Henry 
King shit, nigga, 
, 
