Butterfly Lyrics
by Vivid.

Kanji.
Fly to the ViViD sky　もっと高く明日を掴むため.
Only god learns　この世の果てにいつかは辿り着くのか？.
Fly to the ViViD sky　もっと強くこの手に掴むため.
Only god learns　「希望」の「価値」に涙を堪えながら.
七色の夢羽ばたかせながら　光差す方へと.
リアルに変わる空の彼方で　聞こえた言葉.
恐れないで？諦めないで？　世界はほら顔見せてる.
Decisively to baby　without fearing baby.
未来はほら君の隣にあるから　闇を越えて.
Fly to the ViViD sky　もっと高く時代を掴むため.
Only god learns　時空の彼方　いつかは辿り着くのか？.
七色の夢羽ばたかせながら　光差す方へと.
リアルに変わる空の彼方で　聞こえた言葉.
恐れないで？諦めないで？　世界はほら顔見てる.
Decisively to baby　without fearing baby.
未来はほら君の隣にあるから.
闇を越えて　闇を越えて.

Romaji.

Fly to the ViViD sky motto takaku ashita wo tsukamu tame.
Only god learns kono yo no hate ni itsuka wa tadori tsuku no ka?
Fly to the ViViD sky motto tsuyoku kono te ni tsukamu tame.
Only god learns kibou no kachi ni namida wo korae nagara.
Nanairo no yume habataka se nagara hikarisasu hou e to.
RIARU ni kawaru sora no kanata de kikoeta kotoba.
Osorenai de? Akiramenai de? Sekai wa hora kao miseteru.
Decisively to baby without fearing baby.
Mirai wa hora kimi no tonari ni aru kara yami wo koete.
Fly to the ViViD sky motto takaku jidai wo tsukamu tame.
Only god learns jikuu no Kanata itsuka wa tadori tsuku no ka?
Nanairo no yume habataka se nagara hikari sasu hou e to.
RIARU ni kawaru sora no Kanata de kikoeta kotoba.
Osorenai de? Akiramenai de? Sekai wa hora kao miseteru.
Decisively to baby without fearing baby.
Mirai wa hora kimi no tonari ni aru kara.
Yami wo koete yami wo koete.

English.
Fly to the ViViD sky　go higher for the sake of tomorrow.
Only god learns　 when the end of the world will arrive.
Fly to the ViViD sky　grasp a little stronger for the sake of seizing this hand.
Only god learns　the value of hope in spite of tears of endurance.
The rainbow coloured dream fluttered its wings in the direction of the shining.
light.
In the direction of the sky that changes reality　the words can be heard.
Unafraid? Unfettered? Look, view the face of the world.
Decisively to baby　without fearing baby.
Look, the future is right next to you, go beyond the darkness.
Fly to the ViViD sky　go higher for the sake of seizing the moment.
Only god learns　when will time and space in the distance arrive?
The rainbow coloured dream fluttered its wings in the direction of the shining.
light.
In the direction of the sky that changes reality　the words can be heard.
Unafraid? Unfettered? Look, view the face of the world.
Decisively to baby　without fearing baby.
Look, the future is right next to you.
Go beyond the darkness　go beyond the darkness.

