Butt-Shots Lyrics
by Xeezy.

Is yuh man Usain Bolt? Because he be fronting.
He taking care of you giving you what it is that you be wanting.
What you want,is to not want nothing,&amp; I ain't handcuffing.
Never put my hands on yuh,why,cause I ain't hand cuffing.
Yeah I see your cousin,but I don't like chaos.
She tell me that she don't drink,when I kissed her,her lipstick I had it.
smearing off.
Smearing off Smirnoff,do you like my wordplay?
I find it odd that yuh favorite singers The Weeknd who sang Thursday.
Do you like my wordplay, or am I unworthy.
If you say that I look wet,does that make you thirsty?
Smelling like a bouquet,making me happy,who's gay,you don't say?
I just want you here with yuh top off,call that shit a toupee.
Want you in what's known as the worst way.
Birthday sex,is the best,can I get a Hip Hip who Ray.
Just me &amp; you &amp; my tube,I call the shit tubes-day.
Wait.....
She says X-ease your sex drive driving me crazy.
When you pull up &amp; put in over-drive,I don't think I need a valet...
Why?

Who got yuh heart you gon get me loved up...
You think you smart you gone get me loved up.
Loved up,loved up,you gone get me loved up.
Get me loved up.

Looking in her eyes,she can't disguise.
The surprise,that entice most of these guys.
I swear her make-up sex so good I taught I could get head at Penny-Wise.
Then I pause,then I sigh....
When my pockets ain't on Peter Griffin,&amp; I'm feeling at my lowest.

I know she's got my back chiroprac,nothing goes unnoticed.
She's focused,her purpose,is not to become worthless.
She said she accidently feel for me,&amp; I said on purpose.
One look at her hips &amp; I wanna be her purse &amp;.
One look at her lips &amp; I wanna be her first...kiss.
I wish,this bliss I can resist.
I wanna be her number one,never take a rest,no cease &amp; desist.
When she smiles,I see all her teeth,so I called her blue-tooth.
Cause I don't know how it works,or what it do,I just know it transfers,cause.
I got one to...
A smile that is....
She's my lover &amp; then my friend.
Within her I lose myself,without her,I wanna be lost again.
Damn,she's my living legend,but she's still alive.
She opens a pack of bread,doesn't pass the 1st slice.
Most people do because it's ugly.
To her everyday is sunny.
Ask her,cause when I'm with her,time flies without a passport.

