Callin' Your Bluff Lyrics
by Woodie.

Yoc life or no life that's the way I'm livin'.
Northern Cali style ain't no bullshitin', yeah.
Antioch tales up in this.
motherfucker and I'mma let it be known.
It don't matter what town you from, there's killaz everywhere.
Wanna nut up Sucka what up Run up punk or shut up.
Cause I'mma put a slug in your lung and have you coughin' blood up.
Cause I'm fed up with these suckaz talkin' threats behind my back.
But when you see me you avoid me, punk you said you gonna snap.
I ain't no heavyweight so demonstrate your plan to bust my grill.
I guess you heard it through the grapevine, that Norteno Woodie kills.
I ain't tryin' to knock your teeth out, I'm tryin' to blow your brains out.
With a tre-five-sev I'll leave your skull hollow and body laid out.
It's that Yoc life that got me like this ain't no point in me to fight it.
My veins are pumpin' a virus and I call it homicidus.
For my scrap killin' tendencies, ain't lookin' for no remedies.
I'm thinkin' of ways to get more straps to execute my enemies.
The APD wanna see the end of me so I gotta watch my step.
I take back-roads and speak in code cause phone calls they will intercept.
And I bet, they're posted down the block with black binocs.
Stakin' out the spot if shit gets hot their scope is on my knot.
I still plot strategies of dissipating gun powder.
Hit that block wit an SK chop.
and watch these hollow tips devour.

Best be able to walk, where you talk don't highside.
Dank and liquor got ya' feelin' brave you gonna die.
How you speak of my death, I'm callin' your bluff.
So before you issue threats be prepared to back it up x2.

That evilness prevails, can't you tell follow them bloody trails.
That I left behind you'll find my life is full of wicked tales.
Dirty deeds fulfill my needs of tragedies to enemies.
Beggin' me for mercy on their knees before the triggaz squeezed.
Creepin' through the cuts, man that Yoc life got me nuts.
Got me juiced and gettin' looser than the pussy of a slut.
I'll break you off a fatal shot to show what I'm about.
Don't underestimate cause that's how most these fools get taken out.
A tre-five-sev will spread a.
suckaz guts across the block.
A .22 will break his skull.
and rattle up his knot.
Either way he's gonna die if my intent is homicide.
He could have .45 calibers but only got one life.
I know you killaz feel me, that sickness got me pumped up.
And sucked up into fatal ways of dealin' with what comes up.
It's fucked up, but that's life and life now days just ain't right.
I'm gonna live behind the trigger til I'm in my gravesite.
So if you want me come and get me suckaz if you dare.
Yeah I shot your homiez and you know what I don't fuckin' care.
Fuck ya'll and them haters too, do or die I choose to do.
Norte sidin' ridin' down your block, Woodie's comin' through!

Best be able to walk, where you talk don't highside.
Dank and liquor got ya' feelin' brave you gonna die.
How you speak of my death, I'm callin' your bluff.
So before you issue threats be prepared to back it up x2.

