Call it What You Want 2 Lyrics
by 415.

D-Loc 
Once again D-Loc is in the mix and 
I'm droppin dope, like a muthafuckin kingpin, 
Try to step and yep you get taxed 
Cause the 5ft. 7 big mack is back 
Bitches just scream when I'm doin my thing: 
Niggas fear for their life. When I grab a mic, 
Cause yo, I don't perpetrate, I drop knowledge. 
Straight from the school of hard knocks got it. 
D-Loc is from the muthafuckin streets, 
Home of the homicide, Oakland Cali 
A city. That'S ran by the coke nuts 
So from the heart, we'd like to say, fuck a drug bust, 
You. Ask why and my reply, 
Is niggas from the streets either do or die 
Just a little somethin that I'm givin to you. 
I didn't even name it. So look call it what you want to 
 
 Richie, Rich 
Mackin. The mic once again is the Dubble 
The 24 track is mines you're in trouble, 
'90 damn another decade 
Well. I guess it's my turn to get paid 
Servin it well muthafucka. I ain't trippin 
The kid from the hill. Once again does lippin 
Dubble-R the man from the Oaktown 
Once again to the mic, with a hoedown 
Cali bitch, I'm straight doin it 
Muthafuckas wan na play close and try to ruin it 
But naw. I ain't really with that. 
I, ain't, no joke! So don't provoke me to serve it. 
With. An attitude straight supreme 
I gives a fuck. 415 is a scheme 
And. I did that in other words created it 
Pumped it and the suckers they hated it 
But the macks and the gangsters loved it. 
That'S, why I pushed and damn sho' shoved it 
Fuckin with the 415 and we'll haunt you 
So, call it what you want to 
 
 D-Loc 
Call it what you want, and if you don't you better drop, 
D-Loc and Richie Rich is finna pop 
Straight to the T-O-P, it's the L-o-c 
And Dubble-R, my muthafuckin homie 
Doin, what we do best snappin necks like villains, 
Just, makin, a killin, 
Any, muthafucka, wan na run up or step up 
Press your luck and catch a hot one. 
This is how it's done where I come from. 
To have a business. You got to be ruthless 
Just, like the guys in the 415. 
Who gives a fuck about takin, a life 
From. My point of view: it's a murder or a jack move 
But. Let'S do it like this call it what you want to 
 
, Richie, Rich 
Profile, sweat, pants and Nikes 
Light shit. In case I have to strike 
On a muthafuckin policeman tryin to jack me, 
For throwin, the dice I hit twice when he tack me 
Oops caught me, slippin, I'm up and I'm out 
I had to bank on it straight to the mouth, 
Comin fuckin with my money. While I'm havin some fun 
Stupid-ass punk, he shoulda pulled a gun 
But. Now it's over with I'm on my way to the Deuce 
To: kick it with the fellas, with the gin and juice 
Straight hustlin, and immediately clockin 
Hoes and started jockin 
Just, like Loc, said, who gives a fuck 
415 in your face, you better duck. 
Cause Loc's got my back, and I know that he's packin 
415, with the nine straight jackin 
We, couldn't make a name. This is all that we could come to 
Haha call it what you want to 
 
