Can You Rock It Like This Lyrics
by Run-D.M.C..

Artist, Run-D.M.C 
Album, King of Rock 
Song, Can You Rock It Like This 
 
If? I eat a little kid sticks. His finger in my plate, 
I be signing autographs for three months straight 
I got jet-set. Women who offer me favors 
My face is a thousand lipstick, flavors 
Need, a sip of lemonade, I'm a slave to my trade 
From. All these lights. My complexion might fade 
Secretary overworked by a money, hungry jerk 
Got, a letter answer woman. Won'T you freak out on my shirt, 
 
Well. Can you rock it like this? I can rock it like that. 
Can, you rock it like this. I can rock it like that. 
Huh *echoes* 
 
Your ears are clogged your head as hard as a log 
My privacy robbed. Let me do my job 
You funny lookin slob, eatin, shiskabob 
You're. The reason why my eyes are on the doorknob 
 
Can, you rock it like this. I think I rock it like that 
But. Can you rock it like this Homeboy? I rock it like that. 
 
I'm straining not complaining for a casual life, 
Something normal nuttin, formal, three kids and a wife, 
I'm dying from the spying that you're putting me through 
I perspire, I'm on fire. When I'm thinking of you 
 
But, can you rock it like this? I can rock it like that 
Well. Can you rock it like this? I can rock it like that. 
Huh *echoes*, 
 
Can, you rock it like this. I can rock it like that 
But. Can you rock it like this? I can rock it like that. 
Huh *echoes* 
 
News reporters invade my borders, 
If. I think it I will say it. You might have a recorder 
And, then UHH-OHH, the nation's in upheaval 
Old. Ladies always looking at me, evil 
You're stepping on my heels, you're, breathing down my neck 
I'm, not Rodney Dangerfield. So give me respect 
 
Can, you rock it like this. I-I can rock it like that 
But. Can you rock it like this Homeboy, I rock it like that. 
 
Can, you rock it like this Yo. I can rock it like that 
But. Can you rock it like this? I can rock it like that 
Hu-Huh-Huh *echoes*, 
 
What, it all adds up to is just one thing: 
Run-D.M.C is the king of the swing 
And. If you mess with us, you'll be a real short liver. 
You may be big, but our bodyguard's, bigger *echoes*, 
 
Can, you rock it like this. I can rock it like that. 
Can, you rock it like this. I can rock it like that. *Echoes* 
 
Can, you rock it like this. I can rock it like that. 
Can! You rock it like this Homeboy, I rock it like that. *Echoes*
 
