Can I Get a Witness Lyrics
by Run-D.M.C..


Can you kick it like. I kick it when I kick this 
Can, I get a witness, 
 
Run 
New jacks, better back up before they get smacked up 
By the R-U-N-D-M-C 
Known as the tough cats kickin, tough rough raps, 
In jeans, leather jackets, my Adidas and gangster hats 
A yo! Here we go 
I'm tired of brothers tryin to front like they don't hear me, though 
Knowin. If it wasn't for me, they wouldn't be able 
Cause, I'm the man with the hand that rocked the cradle uhh 
A lot of punk for the chunk baby. That'S a bet! 
Album number seven and we still ain't finished yet 
I didn't get old. I got better at the craft 
Sat back and watched. You try to kick it, but you made us laugh 
So get back. You already had your chance to dance. 
You proved. You had no waist to fit in this man's pants 
Word to God, I'm back fo', sho', 
Hollis Queens, gettin wreck. So act like you know: 
 
D.M.C. 
As. I spit this and get this out of my throat. 
I need a witness to get with this. Take notes. 
Great quotes like boats float, flowin, so dope, 
Never, givin up, hope, nope, know what I wrote: 
I'mma saver spectator educator, entertainer 
You wan na ask me, can't be now or later 
I'm a rough rugged person been that way from the start. 
Darryl Mack got the knack to put the H in heart: 
 
A, reporter with recorder, was recordin the slaughter 
As, I'm peepin'cross the border, leapin water keepin order, 
Lit it up like a spliff, get a whiff of this hit 
Cause. I flick em like bits and I bust'em, like zits 
Dippin down to grip this microphone. I rip this 
I'm glad not sad. I flipped this now. Can I get a witness 
 
Run 
Can I get a witness. Can I hit a never been fitness 
Don't play like I'm bitter, when you come with your best 
And, I make a suggestion. Save it David with your bull, 
Cause you're, full of congestion. 
Soft. Never me never get more hard 
The King of Kings, Lord of Lords, is the one Lord God 
Can. I can. I get a witness next 
To, my God DJ Run and I kick it. 
 
D.M.C. 
Suckers suckers suckers 
Suckers get flipped when I start to flip 
Slip. In a clip when they die, I dip 
Still spray. A gun see how DJ Run 
Leave a sucker, stunned, gettin ill to the drum 
Mic check, and I wreck and I'm second to none 
Accept. It don't regret it. I expect to get dumb 
So. Don'T you forget this, we'll put you on the hitlist 
To. Stick ya, stick ya wicked wickedest. Can I get a witness 
 
