Can I Live Lyrics
by Yung ELi.

My mind sober.
I see the devil on my shoulder.
I try to focus.
Standin strong ima soldier.
I'm gettin kolder.
Like the middle of october.
Stay smokin no glaucoma.
Nigah ima fckin stoner.
Tryna get this doh no homer.
Tryna be the shit no odor.
All about my damn business got my sleeves rolled up.
Nigahs talkin bullshit hold up.
If it ain't money me no speaky en espanola.
A lot of money make the the fake visible.
Lookin pitiful typical hater hatin kuz they miserable.
Tellin storys kuz everything they say is fictional.
But I'm not them I am the reciprocal.
I'm that ma fcka I'm like a miracle.
Tryna kill everything like a fckin kriminal.
Smokin on medicinal.
Cuz when shit critical.
I go into my zone n feel invincible.

Can I live x3.
When the fck they gon let a nigah live.
Can I live, Can I live, Can I live, when the fuck they gon let a nigah live.

I kall my father pops kuz in my life he just pop up.
Gone yrs at a time u wuld thought he was locked up.
Moms actin like she got herself ownself knocked up.
Tryna play a role just to fill that spot up.
I wuld tell my life since music is my therapy.
But if I put it out I know ain't nobody hearin me.
In the stu workin hard on bangas like I'm hammaring.
Writin fire while I'm smokin on that fckin kerosene.

Can I live x3.
When the fck they gon let a nigah live.
Can I live, Can I live, Can I live, when the fuck they gon let a nigah live.

I wonder when I make it who will feel stupid.
Who gon show fake love have me shoot kupid.
Who gon be the one to see me be ruthless.
Show I'm not human.
Its an illusion.

Can I live x3.
When the fck they gon let a nigah live.
Can I live, Can I live, Can I live, when the fuck they gon let a nigah live.

From the bottom like 8 mile wit a fake smile.
I'm so fckin hungry I kan eat like 8 cows.
Stressed the fck out I kan smoke like 8 pounds.
Keep myself up I got no time to laydown.

Can I live x3.
When the fck they gon let a nigah live.
Can I live, Can I live, Can I live, when the fuck they gon let a nigah live.

Kan I live kan I fckin live.
Not sayin it for me I'm sayin for kid.
Let his pops get big b4 I'm off the damn grid.
B4 I kaught get up n nigahs pop my lid.
I mean god forbid kuz a nigah wuld lose his wig.
Ain't talkin bout me kuz I ain't wit the shits.
Never skared nigah ill take hits.
I make hits.
Tryna fckin make it.
Have a driveway wit like 8 whips.
Futuristic spaceships.
I'm the fckin future n that top is where my place is.
Always #1 even wen I'm not even racin.
Gifted mind state stay winning even wen we not playin.
These nigahs talkin but don't know a damn thing.
I'm so high if I fall I mite hit a airplane.
Goin krzy thinkin I'm startin to hear things.
Smokin so much loud like I'm tryna lose my hearing.
I got this tho I know I do.
Don't believe me nigah ill show u proof.
Them nigahs who talkin shit yea they know it to.
Gota be aloof that will leave em so konfuse.
Idgf n I ain't celibate.
Allerigic to the bullshit but I got the medicine.
Smokin on someshit to make haters irrelevant.
But to bad my memory is like an elephant.

