Can't U See Lyrics
by Viva Fidel.

Can't you see we were meant to be 3x.

See its crazy how love goes and time flies.

We met looked into each other's eyes it changed both our lives.

Straight natural high.

Some things just meant and seem heaven sent.

And when things get bent it feel like a curse.

Supposed to be for better or for worse.

We heal eachother's wounds like a doctor and a nurse.

Searching for a cure.

Communication pure.

Working on our understanding.

Forget what the other's say, they ain't happy anyway.
We breakin cycles building something strong.

This ain't one of them other type of songs.

Cause it takes a real rider, things get deep.

We working it with like minds let the rest stay sleep.

Identify the purpose of our partnership.

Stick to the script we live to uplift.

And give it from the heart.

That's why it feel so good when it finally start.

But of course you smart.

You attracted the most brilliant mind.

I travel through time and put it in rhyme.

Can we speak on the positive.

And concentrate our energy on the outcome that we wanna live?

Nobody can bring you that peace inside.

That's something else that ya own self gotta provide.

As much as you my reflection.

Sometimes there's no connection.

One day its perfect and the next minute its worthless.

Emotions gotta be controlled by the higher mind.

That's how bad situations get worse half the time.

Announce ya admiration.

Don't be scared to be honest.

Cause its nothing to fear.

Tomorrow ain't promised.

So be wise and rise, elevate.

“stay together” like Al Green.

Escape the hate.

Cause we don't need that energy.

Focused on you &amp; I.

The original remedy.

And bring balance to each other, good chemistry.

They say its all in the stars.

And that women is from venus and men is from mars.

Or something like that.

And its certain things that'll never be the same.

But you live and you learn the rules of the game.

Its circumstance that don't happen by chance.

Maybe it was that 1st glance.

Maybe it was that 1st dance.

Maybe , maybe...

Can't you see we were meant to be”.
(Numerology reader: you were born to influence others in some way and have an.
inner core of strength that serves you well, you end up being a guide or an.
inspiration to those around you. This is helped by you being strong enough to.
be scrutinized. Not many people can handle the responsibility you will have in.
your life.

But you will love it.

Love. You will find a muse, someone you can adore whom you will chase with all.
your might. Even if they come to you, you love to be the one to shower them.
with affection because it makes them feel better about themselves.

Can't you see, we were meant to be.

