Can't Go Wrong Lyrics
by Rumor.


Yeah 
Hash-tag triple F, you know the
business 
 
Elohim, that's whom I live for 
He taught me everything I know on this score, 
To be more. The exception is better than the norm. 
Never in a recession, I'm always looking forward. 
You tryna ascertain why they want an encore. 
I, don't just entertain. I give em something more 
Already king. What I need a crown for 
You'll see me reign you'll, see my downpour 
So. You can watch throne, but it's mine for the taking 
Women, kids and grown butt. Men are all debating 
Look where you came from right out of the basement: 
Now we're trading places like a real estate agent 
Yeah, I'm here 
Because, I didn't wallow in despair. 
I just learned to make a throne out of a chair 
And, thanks to you who supported my career, 
 
I've been riding on this lonely. Road 
Hustling is all I know 
Now here I am. I can't go wrong 
Never slowing down just so you know 
I'm very sure, 
Yes I can. I can't go wrong. 
Go wrong, 
Go, wrong, 
Go, wrong, 
, 
I, tell'em, kick back, relax and unwind. 
And watch me build a whole lifetime off one rhyme 
I thought. I already told these guys it's my time. 
They better, put they're hands together like nine-forty-five, 
Six-thirty, three-fifteen or twelve o'clock 
Should. I explain any further or have you already clocked 
Now. Do you still wan na sleep on me like triple Z, 
Well, go ahead, cos if you don't, how else would you see 
That, I'm the dream? Is there a need for me? 
To spell it out before you see that I am the 
The one saviour of hip-H, O Pee 
Though. I owe every rhyme to almighty G O Dee 
Look. We couldn't have made it this far. If it wasn't by His will, 
We'll probably crash the car. If He didn't have the wheel, 
He also told me that this was our year 
Rumor, and I I guess that's why I'm here, 
 
It ain't always been as easy as it might seem. 
But. The Son is in me. That'S why I beam 
Take my thoughts and feelings put'em in writing. 
I do this. In my sleep, I guess I'm living my dream: 
Life's good yeah, it's so much fun, 
Touring all around the world and back to where we from 
Where they beat the talking drums where they beat the fontomfroms 
Bringing the whole crew. To show you how it's done, 
Skillions yeah, that's right! That'S my fam 
And! They know who we are from Accra to Japan. 
There were times when things didn't go like they supposed to 
But exercise, patience, man, I let her use some yoga 
And. I listened when they told me what I can't do: 
Said rumor you're, an outcast with all the odds against you 
How you gon na make it when you don't have a dance tune. 
Well I give consequence to what they deem inconsequential .
 
