Can't Be Alone Lyrics
by Wrekonize.


Ha, ha.
Uh-huh.
It's kinda strange ain't it?
Feel that separation?
Don't know how to feel.

I've been on this rock now too damn long.
I never thought I'd feel so far away.
I'm seeing everything you do all day long.
Reading everything you've got to say.
You never even gave me a chance to miss you.
I see you out sharing everything you've got.
We really need to disconnect the picture.
I'll tell you that there's one thing for sure I'm not.

I can't be alone, can't be alone, can't be alone.
I never knew a world so big could feel so close.
I can't be alone, am I alone? Leave me alone!
I've got all these numbers that I never call on my phone.
Don't leave me alone, don't leave me alone.
Don't leave me alone, don't leave me alone.
Ah-ah.

I've been drinking at this bar now too damn long.
I always knew the J.D. would be my friend.
That's probably why I'm always singing drunken songs.
I hear 'em say Look Wrek's at it again.
They take pics and post 'em.
I pull the Dylan, follow 'Clef too close son.
If you need to watch me bleed, I guess that's cool.
But take a break from the sharing you do.
Lord knows that I need one too.
The whole world's gone mad and it's sad but true.
That I've grown to be such a recluse.

Just need some time.
You still there?
Wait now.
Nah, nah, nah.
Come back, come back, come back.

Check status of all the baddest.
Ratchets on the atlas, using an apparatus.
They can get at us through the line they tappin'.
Since I know my quirks and bad habits.
What you need a camera for?
Need a minute, need a second, instagram or more.
Nothing to say hey, but runnin and play lame.
And snap snap another it's capture from the playpen.
Mikey likes it.
Well if you knew how the kid felt then you might be psychic.
Everybody workin' for the paparazzo.
I report nothin' cause the block been hot sooooo.
Everybody cameras down.
Look me right up in the eyes and I'mma hand it round.
Set 'em up right now when I be puttin' the mic down.
To have some words with you cause the future is now.
I couldn't tell you this on the phone.
You needed to know no matter where you are that we are not alone.

