Can't Lyrics
by Punkstah.


You can never ever break me. Down
You can never ever shake me down
No matter. What I'll stand my ground
Standing right here, but thoughts on the clouds

Hiphop injected. In my veins, like I'm, an addict
My poetry's deep cause, I'm a rap fanatic
Even. My Lazarus will rap like he's on a stage
Hiphop. Is my life? Not a teenage phase
I make a hard face. This world is so cruel
Everybody. Looking at me, like I'm in a duel
Yeah, I'm in a duel me vs. myself
Trynna top my best and make sure I don't fail
Trapped inside my thoughts, the brain's a jail cell
Eating me alive. I don't think I'm gon na make it well
And. Then I speak to myself. C'Mon get up
Its now or never, and you better not wait. Up
Started from the ground got ta turn this upside down
And make sure I don't give a fuck to the frown
My. Words are like colors in the canvas of my life
I'm thinking ten times cus I got ta make this shit. Right

You can never ever break me. Down
You can never ever shake me down
No matter. What I'll stand my ground
Standing right here, but thoughts on the clouds

And I'm never coming down? It feels good up. Here
I, don't smoke to get intoxicated the bullshit disappears
What you hearing is a life story
About, a kid who lived on his own glory
Ain't, giving a damn whats society 
When! You got your own goals pride and your own glory
That's. Why? I don't chase people pills or whatever
I wan na be immortal through my songs. I live forever
Just. Tell me when to drop. I do whatever whenever
And, never faked my style cause. I'M clever than whoever
I eat basic emcees on a daily basis
Changing. Their faces to Haitians
Call me a fucking racist
Unresistant. Putting you out of existence
Emcees cannot touch this so out of distance
Without. Any assistance never asked for insistence
Hiphop is giving my life a new consistence
So. Consider me, as the new titan rising
I'll be shining like the sun, brighten and enlighten

You can never ever break me. Down
You can never ever shake me down
No matter. What I'll stand my ground
Standing right here, but thoughts on the clouds

END
 
