Caress 2 Undress Lyrics
by Vizzi.


Sex gets rougher.
When it comes to the nut buster.
If I'm caressing em'.
I'm undressing em'.
Little dress, combo leggings, silver lipstick.
Come for my rhythm in the bed.. YES!!!
Settle down, to the testing, God bless her.
Look her, look her in the eyes, I caress, undress her.
I'ma, I'ma see the show, she puts on that lingerie.
I'll serve sports, it's a goal, let em' know babe.

Hi, my name is Vante, definition of V-Day.
Let me take your V-Card, racing your curves, no relay.
Lick the icing off even though it's not your b-day.
And cut the cake so good, make you wanna do a replay.
When I get inside your thighs, please don't try &amp; act surprised.
Touching your body all over, better pray you gon' survive.
I wanna get in your mind then reach into your soul.
While I come &amp; bring the heat, never say you're feeling cold.
Walking on the road, got caught up with her features.
But the thoughts inside your mind made you passionately sweeter.
Novacane got me numb, with her Vitamin C.
Guarantee she'll feel Juicy when she get my Vitamin D.
808, kill the body cause she love my flavor.
Yellow couple, smoking on that Purp, call us LA Lakers.
Bubble bath, moscato, I eat you, you swallow.
I go too deep, ooooh weee, all night til' tomorrow.

She an A, not even a B.
Girl turn around so that ass I can see.
Sex so good that I told her it wasn't cheap.
Then I fucked shorty til' that pussy on E.
So before she left, best believe she paid the fee.
And the way I move, she had no choice to feel a G.
Henny in my cup, Kush in my lungs.
Shorty hit me up because she she looking for fun.
Hit it from the back, I don't stop til' she cum.
Legs in the air kinda like she sprung.
When I beat the pussy up like I'm playing the drums.
I fly in it, like a Pilot, full force.
Dick so good, to her friends, she endorse.
And I run game like my last name Moss.
I'm drifting on these niggas, fucking all the bitches.
So far ahead that the shit just don't make sense.

Hey girl, you know what it do.
Cause I got a thing for you.
So when you enter my room.
Don't be tryna act all stush for a boom.
That's why I came to you.
Yeah I know we're real cool, tell me what's not new.
It's just me &amp; my crew,.
mackin' with the models &amp; they're trill, so true.
Now it's time for undressing, caressing, blessing, no texting.
But believe when we're sexing, you gon' be missing.
How we switching while we're kissing.
I ain't teasing, more pleasing, like the best weather in the season.
With me, they'll be no leaving.
So I dare you to give me a reason.
Cause I see, you know what Im meaning.

Uuuuhooooh. Oooh!!

Vizzi &amp; Mackie.

Girl I want you.
And your best friend too.
In a 3some.
Beat your pussy black &amp; blue.

Vizzi talking.

I mean it's pretty simple though, you know? I know you girls say every guy is.
the same but..Once you roll with us, we'll show you that we're not.
&amp; that's a rap.

