Carpe Diem (feat. A Glorious Anthem) Lyrics
by Wonder Bred.


 
Yeah I'm Alive 
Oh, I'm Alive 
I'm, High off life, 
And, I'm Alive, 
X3, 
, 
I, sit to eat and rap 
Truthfully. I need a nap 
You will see. My speech is green as grass 
Here's a key. So you can read the map. 
 
Messing around a mess has been found. It'S my room, 
Just Joking, don't mess with this clown. 
I'Ve met an amount of decadent nouns 
I, don't invent in the sound to get an account 
With 0's like Tic Tac Toe. So I'm X'ing it out: 
 
I'm, boiling tortellini 
For a meal, that's sorta, meaty 
Cheddar is orange and cheesy 
I usually use more than one seasoning 
I'd. Rather my room and board be cheap than be bored in a meeting 
With a four piece suit for dry cleaning. 
I wear tie dye expressing my freedom. 
People are more than appearance and speaking. 
We are unique, which equals equivalent 
I stick in this quest for higher meaning 
 
Hopefully. My vocals can open some folks to see 
Metaphors I metamorphosize and it's so Lowkey 
This goes to those who don't eat, 
Anorexic or starving is hectic 
Those from privilege. Simply don't get it 
 
It's offensive to suggest that homosexuals 
Choose, like a vegetarian, eats only vegetables, 
 
Let, go of your fears. Let go of your pain, 
Let! Go of your ego! Let go of your vain 
Let go of your evil. Let go of your blame. 
Embrace, all these people shake off all your shame, 
Each of you're pieces in making a change 
Let go of your defense quit playing the game. 
Unclothe your uniqueness, they say be the same 
Sew seeds with your speaking, see we Seize the Day, 
 
Yeah, I'm alive 
And. I can fly 
 
You can't touch me cause. I can Fly. x2 
 
Reminiscing, I'm thinking of those days. 
This intimate friendship is both ways 
If, it's simply to witness. That'S: okay, 
Sprint into experience, don't wait! 
 
The, King of all, Asanas watch me just stand. 
Upside down on my head with my neck in my hands, 
It's, you will, or you won't don't say that you can't 
Props to the Pope, opposing popular plans 
He's in the streets with the beggars and speaks to the damned 
What. Can the pretentious just not understand 
, 
Republicans, Democrats, 
Blue or red flaggin, it 
Let go competitiveness and all that attachment 
As. You mess around and fuss down, you're dragging us 
Speaking of being equal with freedom. How do you back it up? 
Vagabonds actually just want to SuperPac a fund 
 
Here's, how nowadays USA- Unconstitutionally Screws All who founded us 
 Will. We repeat: Bush Drops Bunches of Bombs versus a Clinton Who's, Down
To, Fuck
 
