Cartoons Lyrics
by Punsy.


I'Ll leave your pride rocked.. No one wants you on their ipod
You'll, get a wide scar. coming like
simba for my slot
Stop, the lyin'.. I am wise as rafiki.
 you're, just a loser
Cuz. Whoever put HIM on a beat is dumb, as pumba
…rap really needs me like alladin needed genie
I. Should never see you speaking like the carpet. you're, a sweety
Like bell., I'm a beauty and a beast
on. These beats
You're sweet, like the apple snow white, tried to eat
Keep sleeping on my metaphors.. All you need is seven: dwarves
Pinocchio's nose didn't grow when he told I'm the best in store
Fly like dumbos wings with might like
hercules
The emperor's. New groove was designed. By

You sleeping beauties been lyin' on the
spot for too long
These twots are trying be something they're not like mulan
You shreks can kiss my donkey if you front, like I'm, a wuss
You're like the cat. Without the hat sword or boots. You're a puss
I go loony on the tunes. haters, say: that
it bugz em
Cuz. I love the spot light and keep taking it from em. I'll spazz like
Tazz., I'm mad that rappers wear the
skinniest pants
With guns gripped each hands like Yosimite sam
Is that the industry plan To be wildy unholy 
Chasing road runner goals like wily coyote, 
And Sylvester with tweety, but I Have
Small hope
Cuz, my raps are dope., So that's all folks
I'm an animaniac you're, a joke. On the

When, I go wacko on you, jackholes say
hello to the nurse
 ... And the doc you're soft, as dot.
 I'll, be beating on your face
And start eating the remains from the pinky to the brain
 .... I bring the noise like a house party with freakazoid
Defeating boys. Got balls like pokemon
you'll, be destroyed
 .... I grab vetrans blast em to ash catch'em
At the last second, as I laugh cuz, I'm mad reckless
Slap, you misty eyed, like they do to that brock. Kid
Then, smack you in the sky and make your whole team rocket
…When. I Peek at you .... I see the weakest
crews
I'm sleeping to all of these ghastly. Performances., Please improve 
Harder than a geodude.. I see the
butterfree in you
I'm straight beating dudes, like a Hit mon lee, would do
You're slow, bro there's a gap between me and you
Star me… star you. I don't think it's true
 ..., I'm smoking cats without the weezing and the coughing
Not even close to evolving.. There'S no reason to be stopping
Unpredictable like togepi, you know, you
can't flow with me
You jigglypuffs, don't have a chance, see you're a joke to me
Rappers will sell their souls in less than eight seconds
These guys are backwards snakes. I guess they're named Ekans
You're wack in this format. cds are doormats
I'm drowsy from your raps., take more naps than snorlax
From your bad flows.. I smash foes with rap quotes
Then. I zap those haters with lightning
my hand throws
Smoother than panthro the panther from the thundercats
Dre's, the future. I'mma be chillin' 
commanding, a hovercraft
If you were Fry and rap was Lila, it still wouldn't love you back

 
You're, not king of the hill cuz you're rhyming bout, big guns
Cuz, really, You'Re, a family guy and a simp son
…You're a square like that sponge bob
Whoever said you were a star - is living under a rock
You feeling krabby, but you're plankton
 you'll get squished sir
I'll hit you with a fist till you look like that. Squid. word: 
 ...! You can't rap at all. challenge me I'll, laugh it off
Plus. My sack is large., It's so big that I'm draggin' balls
 ..., I'm so rad. It'S making these rappers
get mad quick
I nail, wack kids that think they'll blow up like namek
 ... King cold., cooler than freezers, I
straight slay'em
I'm, like goku, when I'm spitting these bars., I'm just sayin'
 ... Rollin' up with golden hair. glowin'. While I float in air
Aura so bright, it could blind you like a solar flare
Would, you like to be stripped of joy or miserable 
Cuz. I will do both.. It'S your choice, pick a low
You're, a rapper. I would easily plow through
I'm brolly. You should prolly kill
yourself like chouzu
Power's. Nine million ... We can go ten

Clown, you, like Krillin, when I destruct
yo disc
 .... This kind of music makes the fan boys tell folks
I'm dope. Getting props on my android cell phone
 .... They call me, then they say I bump in their trunks
I bojack rappers they'll be slump, from
a, punch
, ... I'll go on to say a man can't see me
In the bars. You're, embarrassing to fans, man, GT
 
