Cash Stackas Lyrics
by 50/50 Twin.


Yeah 50/50 huh Mob Boss of the Nawf 
I had to go to the South. Know I'm saying reach out 
Pick up O.G. Keke, he holla'd back, know I'm saying 
We gon tip down. You know I'm saying 
Dig. These blues ounce for ounce, hey 
, 
50/50 Twin 
I'm. The funky fresh cash stacker foreign car, ass actor, 
Ben, Frank bill, packer, heater, toting, hater, whacker, 
Goodfellas, movie, watcher apple seal trunk, popper 
Crack, a smile, real proper diamonds, sit inside colossal, 
Bad yella hammer puller ain't; no telling how I do her 
She a freak I'ma treat Her, like one call my niggas, let them run through her 
Mob boss, 50 fe' Southside, Don O.G. Keke 
Steal, his rhymes go, sell em at school, all them hoes would cheer for me 
Then. I decided to write my own ever since then crawl, some'ing, on chrome 
36 zone, when I would get gone drop them grams, cut the microwave on 
Lock up slow hell, naw, true yola gon come back fast, 
Your shit ain't mirror folds. If Mr. Davis didn't give you the glass 
Fuck fame money matter, squash, the chatter I'm acting badder 
Donadale blueberry dro got 50 Twin higher than a ladder 
Better. Yet giraffe pussy. I don't hang out with no wussy 
When. It comes to the blow. I move it slow. Like salt and pepper, I push it. 
 
Lil' Keke 
I pull out drop top sunny day rolling hard 
I'm in the candy coated coupe, with a yellow, broad 
Southside Young Don. I'M a ghost writer 
I'm in the trap getting paid like and all-nighter 
I'm in the school zone, tipping slow, riding glass, 
Let up the trunk drop the bumper and hit the gas 
I'm known for showing out acting bad, hitting blocks 
I'm on them, rims flipping backwards. They won't stop 
H-Town on the map. Do you hear a G 
It's, 50/50 and Young Don? Is you feeling me 
I chase bread on the highway and interstate 
I'm trying to sell about a million? That'S plenty weight 
Down in Texas, we swang on them. Elbows 
And keep them shoppers and them boppers on they tip-toes 
I'm, getting paid off these shows and spitting flows 
And. When I'm on the Boulevard, I be tipping 4's
 
