Castlevania Lyrics
by U-N-I.


Smack fire in a nigga like Hadouken.
Ryu a nigga with a roundhouse kick.
Thawed out rappers trynna act all cold.
They vegetables mixed with whack caseroles.
Chicken of the shades wanna be your MC.
You empty your PET scroll, can't roll with me.
Evidently it ain't hard to see your MVP.
Me inside your punani.
Super pimp on the ho, strode.
Your money don't rise, it's pita bread dough.
I rap Doctor Scholls that mean also.
Ya'll get shoot in dirt filthy moles.
So get Reese Piece talkin' bout swagger.
If they swore my bus like an actor.
So nigga who you gonna bitch slap.
When you fine tuned only crack mike for lips chapped.

This rap shit be the code of life.
It's like up, down, up, down, A, B, left, right.
This rap shit, we doin' the job.
Bitch niggas be like oh my god.
This rap shit be the code of life.
It's like up, down, up, down, A, B, left, right.
This rap shit, we doin' the job.
Bitch niggas be like oh my god.

I hit 'em with a Sonic Boom.
Just feed me a couple mushrooms.
And you'll see I get a little bit taller.
Ah, you can, with the pen, tadada you can.
Not defeat I punch much harder.
Sucker, who you think you're dealing with.
Young nigga, I am not your average, I'll kill ya.
Contra gun that I melt ya.
The mic is a sword, this a game of Zelda.
I murder any challenger, Soul Calibur.
Study your moves and I shoot like Galaga.
So I'm Rainbow Six in first person.
This famous for miles will have your soul hurtin'.
Cave in your whole right side.
This shit's booty brown nigga, stay up on the false side.
And mic check, chicky-chickedy check.
Just a glitch in the game all I do is reset.

Heart of a lion.
Endorse the mic don't resignature signing.
Look dog, it ain't a 2D game.
I jump out the picture what you think is the same.
On searing three shit, with a grizzly grip.
Call me Smokey, now we're out til' shit.
In the versus mode, you better practice with the CPU to get a permanent.
dose.
Basically, you're just a little Centipede to me.
I'm on top and you living underneath.
I Dig Dug with my S-H-O-V-E.
Take the L you a basic MC.
Face it, basic, before I lose patience.
Sex your girl under sheets like racists.
Just a little 8-ball tease.
Now I'm off in the sky with my wings, nigga Mario 3.
Peace.

