Catch Me On The 2 Lyrics
by Virtuoso.


One love to all my brothers burning buddha, you know time to pass it.
To your lady baby girl you drive me crazy so you know I bring.
Three some said it son want war, we gonna hit em with the four.

One love to all my brothers burning buddha, you know time to pass it.
To your lady baby girl you drive me crazy so you know I bring.
Three some said it son want war, we gonna hit em with the four.

To you lyrical pickpockets riding on my dick rocket.
You know what I spit shock it so hard it's like I stick sockets.
With a fork then metamorph into the human torch.
I'm smoking reefer on my porch at the New York police force.
I'm 3/4ths out to lunch, half out to dinner.
I'm a loser, I'm a winner, I'm an expert beginner.
I'm a saint/sinner, I'm paint, I'm paint thinner.
I'm the only one in my league, there's no contenders.
No one to end the rain, sleet, hail, snow.
Like a whale's blowhole the lungs of Virtuoso.
Stay submerged under liquid for six hours.
It's absurd but I spit with sick power.

Bitch how're you gonna stop the juggernaut?
You're not cause I'm the juggernaut bitch.
You know I can't be stopped so stop talking shit and eat a dick.
And if you're pussy beating chicks then you gonna hear the heater click.
Difference between crystal and African blood diamonds.
You spit for the shine, I shed red from the head, I love rhyming.
Fuck Simon, do what Virt says, Americans are idle.
Standing rival, Osama stay tearing up your Bibles.
It's not fair for any rivals while they stuck on their survival.
I'm rising just like a tidal wave and dreading my arrival.
It's time to remind you the tricks that my mind do.
So rewind your time, I just designed a new swine flu and I'm about to blind.
you.
Up at the firing range, you'll be retiring, we stay perspiring.
You fucking with Mufasa falling in the lion's den.
I'm high again from rolling up riboflavin and niacin.
I'm piled in proteins, your flow need Virtuoso vitamins.
I'm stifling your airflow so them chemicals can pile in.
A pyro in a room filled with kerosene and a lighter.
Then I spark a black ? like a shark attack I rip apart a rapper.
Leave him and scratch it, I scrappily ever after you bastard.

One love to all my brothers burning buddha, you know time to pass it.
To your lady baby girl you drive me crazy so you know I bring.
Three some said it son want war, we gonna hit em with the four.

One love to all my brothers burning buddha, you know time to pass it.
To your lady baby girl you drive me crazy so you know I bring.
Three some said it son want war, we gonna hit em with the four.

One love to all my brothers burning buddha, you know time to pass it.
To your lady baby girl you drive me crazy so you know I bring.
Three some said it son want war, we gonna hit em with the four.

One love to all my brothers burning buddha, you know time to pass it.
To your lady baby girl you drive me crazy so you know I bring.
Three some said it son want war, we gonna hit em with the four.

I missed the Obi Wan too, three at horizontal.
Mister I can fuck just about any girl I want to.
I burn through cheese like fondue left on the stove too long dude.
Don't say I didn't warn your crew, I'm about to bomb you.
This mic's a kamikaze, the mommys wanna ride me.
After this Maserati they can't drive a jalopy.
This is not a hobby, get out of the lobby.
The game's not hiring, it's firing, go get a job b.
Your mommy slobbed me, she gots a lot of body.
The crew can get the shotty cause they're looking to body.
Men and we be the botti boy killers.
Colin Powell filler, Magilla Gorilla.
I spilled a funk flow the odor ? through the air.
Like I ate asparagus spears then drank Bavarian beer.
Put the cherry seventy Chevy in gear.
I love your derriere my dear, let's clear up outta here, your man's a queer.
Hear when life give you midgets gotta stack em till they big as Himalayan.
ridges.
I figure I got to watch my riches cause I be the rap sphinx.
The Rhyme &amp; Riddle King and you're not a fly guy, just look at your little.
wings.
Just look at my fist of rings, hear how the pistol sings.
Michelin tires couldn't get a grip on this terrain.
I'm gifted as a Christmas cane and if you miss my name.
I miss to stick my dick in Lindsay Lohan's firecrotch until I'm pissing flames.
I got em suicidal, blame it on the rain.
I'm popping two inside you, you can blame it on my aim.
I can't miss, I'm like da Vinci with the canvas.
A fat boy with the sandwich, a wildlife conservationist.
With pandas like Ansel Adams' hands on the camera.
I hit you with the propaganda, I'm cocking hammers.
Like carpenters building verandas.
And I'm always at an advantage like a young ? when I brandish.
This mic in my hand is like rice in Japan.
It's bare necessity, a staple in this secret recipe.
See your laws bore me cause I've been having orgies.
Since fourteen, they filled my baby bottle up with morphine.
I cordially invite you to try and write like the titan.
You're more likely to win a head-butting fight with a bison.
Besides when I begin then there's no stopping me.
Till I got me a, what's that name for running the game? Monopoly.

