Central Daylight Time Lyrics
by Wrinkle Neck Mules.

The roof blew off the club in Oklahoma City, 
The, fireman said: “the show can't go on” 
So, we spent another night somewhere in New Mexico 
Drinking. Until all our money was gone, 
We had a day to kill, so we climbed up a mountain 
Walked straight down. The other side 
Picked up a hitch-hiker on the way back to Taos 
She, said “thank. You boys for the ride” 
 
If. I could separate what's real from what I've been dreaming. 
I could live to fight another day. 
If I'd have listened to my mom 
When. She said, don't be believing everything those writers say: 
There's no line at the door. 
And only thirty people bothered to advance pay 
If. I could separate what's real from what I've been dreaming. 
I could live to fight another day, 
 
We, unpacked everything and we set it all up. 
To play three songs on a radio show 
Well you never can tell. If anyone is listening 
And, I guess it won't, kill us what we don't know 
So we play them. Just the same, and we tell them our name 
And - where to find us on the computer screen 
When we're packing it up. I hear Stu on the phone saying 
“Baby, I'm living the dream” 
 
If. I could separate what's real from what I've been dreaming. 
I could live to fight another day 
If. I had listened to my mom when she said 
Don't be believing everything those writers say: 
There's no line at the door 
And only twenty people bothered to advance pay 
If. I could separate what's real from what I've been dreaming. 
I could live to fight another day, 
 
We got ta, sell ten T-shirts and twenty CDs 
To get from Stephenville to Houston town 
Well. There'S people there who care a little about me 
And. You know they won't let the poor boy down 
It was 5:29 Central, Daylight time 
When. The five of us come strolling in 
And its smiles all around cause its 76 hours 
Before. We got to be leaving again 
 
If. I could separate what's real from what I've been dreaming. 
I could live to fight another day 
If. I had listened to my dad, who said 
Don't be beleivin' everything that them writers say 
There's no line at the door. 
And only five people bothered to advance pay 
If. I could separate what's real from what I've been dreaming. 
I could live to fight another day 
If. I could separate, what's real from what I've been dreaming. 
I could live to fight another day
 
