Chainsaw (Intro) Lyrics
by Zoetic.

Sample.

Im revvin' up my words like a chainsaw.
Brains raw, Metallica imma kill em all.
Imma member of the bourgeoisie.
Fuck society i go against the civil law.
My mouth is spewing poison that i'm gargling.
Independent raps, i'm in charge of all my marketing.
Thats why i'm dope mutherfucker there's no arguing.
So much dirt that you would think that i am gardening.
Rut i am harvesting, bodies that i'm targeting.
Rap game insane, my membrane is darkening.
Started as the kid who gave a shot at rap.
Now i'm back, with the Zac of All Trades spittin' crack.
In the booth, BRAAAT!, i might shoot, BASK, in the truth.
BLAST, in the youth, buckin' at ya heads like a game of duck duck goose.
Put yo noggin in the noose.
They say that revenge is sweet well i got a sweet tooth.
Blowin' out more smoke than an overheated engine block.
Bad bitch from Thailand all she do is Bangkok.
Jump my socks off, abs like a washcloth.
Oh thats not right? fuck i know that sounds soft!
This the first song and already i am bored.
I'll rip ya spinal cord out with an iron sword.
Write the crime report and ride off on a dinosaur.
Half man half machine imma cyborg.
I won from day one like cyclops.
Droppin' acid, face meltin' like an ice pop.
Comin' through wit more ice than a truck stop.
Movin' weight, switchin' lanes, fuck cops they suck cock!

I smoke the green high as the martian, Marvin.
All black hoodie on like Trayvon Martin.
300 Murda, rollin deep like the Spartans.
Dealin death for free, thats a hell of a bargain.
This the end of rap and it only just started.
Emcees recycling rhymes cause theyre garbage.
Rip their wings off and throw their carcass down an armpit.
Kickin up the carnage and stuffin em into coffins!

I go in, imma' concave shape.
Swingin' like a wild ape.
If you was in a food fight you prolly wouldn't bust a grape.
You get ate.
Leave ya face wet with throwbacks like Bathin' Apes'.
ZAT peep the rest of the mixtape.
Im great....
Muthafucka i'm great....

Sample.

