Champagne Freestyle Lyrics
by Ty Barz.

Mr. Apollo, dat nigga everybody wanna follow.
They say Barz, you the best, I just be like I know.
I know this, you noticed that these other rappers bogus.
Keep that Magic for the Birds, getcha jaw done  like Hocus Pocus.
Like hold this, holster like you suppose ta.
Face on a wanted poster for all you posers.
Im in that Rover, paint job like Mocha.
And the kid burn bread, no toaster.
Barz, no locksmith.
I should be locked with the Locness.
Im a monster, best synopsis.
Toxic when I spit, hotter than the tropics.
The topics top pick, top it or Ty picks.
I let my tape rock till my tape pop.
Put in so much work, defeat a boss then  leave him Red Sox.
That's just a nice nigga trait, when your raised in the hood &amp; getting out.
is your fate.
My hormones rose from hearing these hores moan.
When I put it in I hear that “Gimmie more” groan.
Purple Heart ready for that “Hit the door” tone.
Cuz all is fair, in Ty's Love &amp; War Zone.
I'm sick, call the doctor, tell em my temperature hotter.
Went to flight school, tell niggas Im a scholar.
My main girl a ten, ya bitch head couldn't top her.
Said she like girls, but even Penny couln't cop her.
First,Scond,Third,4-5th for options.
All these squares mad at son  better pray to God then.
Flavor in her ear can cause some concoctions.
Hoes address Barz, that's what they got in COMmon.
Niggas is mad I get more butt, than ashtrays.
Bring the hoes, to where a nigga cash stay.
Burn bread, fuck Ashley where the ash lay.
Act Meek with the Millz till I hear what the cast  say.
I got mileage for a Minaj.
With campus cheerleaders cheerleaders from a college collage.
Challenge the Gods while I ride in the Dodge.
And they pile in the lodge for a valid massage.
You don't but in work, so what you know about a boss?
Time is money, that's why my watch got a cost.
See my bezels, then they ask is it real.
They ain't see this many jewels  in a trap since the Holocaust.
These bitches piling, I love them, I'm lying.
I blame the black bezels, I'm racial profiling.
They love the rough riding, they said it's exciting.
Three hoes, want me to shape up. Im trying.
One from Spain, she thick &amp; she bajo.
She said a nigga guapo, I told her I know.
Poured more Moscato, she told me “Te amo.
Give grupo amor, so I call my SWOL Vatos.
Deli full of delinquents in a sequence.
Seeking whatever they could sink they teeth in.
The way they pass the fire  you would think that they was teething.
Both eyes open cuz looks are deceiving.
The seed in, the flower of life's wife is destiny.
But our only destiny, is escaping deputies.
Cuz our lives in jeopardy &amp; they'll take it pleasantly.
The government stares  they just waiting to step to me.
Im a thug till the gov come &amp; off me.
Or my enemies start to kill &amp; exhaust me.
Step inside 40/40 strapped with a 40.
And a couple of real niggas saying that they riding for me.
You niggas sweeter than, Mike &amp; Ikes.
My, mic &amp; Nijes might strike the night.
Strike a knight with spikes &amp; pipes.
And my lil niggas riding like all they bikes from tike.
There's only 2 things I fear when I go into battle.
God &amp; my shadow, asshole.
Higher than an astro, Im an animal, where the lasso?
When I draw guns, they call me hood Picasso.
Nigga get smoked like tobacco.
These bullets to ya chest from an Average Joe, just like Flacco.
They said I fell off, but Im back tho.
It's funny how yall only in it, for deals  like Castro.

