Chasing Planes
by Rustlah.

It was me and my shady slimer.
Shadow boxing hitchhikers.
Across lands of flat-scans Pabst cans and Bic lighters.
Peep the state below, a perfect puzzle piece.
You know what really puzzle me?
Is how she could love a freak.
Who see shit with his third eye, from a birds eye.
And order whiskey over ice.
Paid a preposterous price.
To live this awesome it's like.
Everything I did in this life.
Was just the cost to be the boss.
Snapple fact, progress they got an app for that.
One day I'll be in first class in a snap back.
Studio tucked in the back pack.
Like,Nurse let's jet, before anyone has left yet.
Bet! You know what time it is!
Six dollar water bottles that's a hard pill to swallow.
Made me dump my Gatorade at the gate.
Just to hate!
What could possibly do with that, splash the pilot in the face?
People complain over delays.
We're only miles away from space Ok?
You ain't feeling the flight, shucks catch a fucking bus.
Guaranteed it'll be a month before you touch.
Who Rus? He wet like aqueducts, ask the dust.
Left behind a plane full of robots.
That know not to talk to much.
Plus they lost their sense of touch to these phones that they clutch.
But you only live once.
So do whatever you want.

I see the world for what it is.
I'm really just a big kid.
Fasten up for safety or take a piss in turbulence.
When the lightning surges hit, my shadow dips.
The wingtips split, theres no way their getting fixed.
Pray to your god of choice in hopes that it exists.
As we slip into the mist, time goes slower and slower.
Falling faster and faster.
Follow the posters, do what you supposed to.
Masks falling from they holsters.
Glasses clashing on they coasters.
Riding on this roller coaster.
California cobra soldier.
My shadow nowhere to be seen.
It's doing work for the jerk.
Before we merge with the Earth.
These words must disperse.
They're all I'm really worth, my life's work.
Slimer whispers in the ears of everybody sitting near.
And plants the thought that what they want to hear is right here.
My mouth becomes a mic, my hands morph to amps.
My mind begins to move, my lips deem to dance.
Hear Ye, hear me, loud and clearly. This is Rus.
We're all about to die, and this is what it does.
Death gets in you.
No continues.
Only Win/Lose.
All your issues, do not matter.
Here we go now falling faster.
When we crash we all will splatter.
Pieces scattered…

And at that destination my shadow's sitting waiting.
Smoking cigs with satan, placing wages which I'm taking.
The road to the left is headed up, the journey rough enough.
The road below goes to that place ya'll know is paved in coal.
My vacant soul, contemplates it's ancient goal.
It may just break the mold.
I decide to take the stairway up to Yahweh.
It took me all day till I reached his hallway.
We spoke for hours but he didn't get the real me.
Lemme get a minute, for the devil knows what killed me.
He threw me from the clouds, I hit the ground.
Satan and my shadow still screwing around.
Lucifer Light-bringer, fallen archangel, cards up on the table.
With hands full of paid dues said.
I too have met the man who made you, we spoke as well.
I should tell, I deemed it weak to serve in heaven.
When I could reign in Hell..
They call it Fell, all in fallen place of putrid pollen.
Lost souls crawling it's tortured orchards, formed.
From swarms of corpses.
And It seemed like just a portion of where I spent my days alive.
Besides Beezelrus could see the angle's dust.
With no idea what their angle was.
I chose the path never travelled, with no enticing apples.
Purest form, posted where every world was born.

