Chasing Faith Lyrics
by The Underachievers.

Produced by Nick León 
 
So, a nigga ain't have no direction 
Locked up in my own mental prison. 
Suicide. On my mind, no one, listen 
Made, a nigga remain so distant 
From, the ones that could help me cope with it. 
Heart closed nigga feeling, indifferent 
Can. I stand on my own 
Pain on my dome fucking up my zone 
Dreams, surrounded in darkness, heartless, 
Mind, fucked, up thoughts, littered with garbage 
Desolate minds, so my pace, move lethargic. 
All of this pain is what made me an artist 
Picked myself up off the ground. 
Push a nigga forth, where they chalk them out, 
Need it to rain. In my endless drought, 
Cause all a nigga rivers filled up with doubt 
Free free. Let me tell you what I mean: 
Cause a nigga grew up in the coldest of streets. 
Hood real gutta make ya fold up your dreams. 
Old school system bring the clones from the weak 
Robbing they stealing, but the plot only thickens 
Cause the cops hitting niggas'fore they reach for the phone 
Try intervention, but the confidence missing 
So. They got all the children and they stripped off my hope, 
Damn, damn feeling like death 
Where. Do you turn when a nigga need help 
Trapped in your conscience, your conscience gon' melt 
You busy watching what they do and you fail. 
I'M try'na show you that a nigga been there 
Crucify myself a story to tell 
If you thinking that you stuck in a jail. 
The key is in the room you standing 
Right there, 
 
When, you lost in this world man, it's hard to relate 
And your back's on the wall. Only choice is go straight. 
Road signs left right, which path? Do you take 
Only one lead the way, 
Tell me, which one that's down for your faith, 
 
Nigga, which path you gon' choose 
Both got they perks, but one is for the few 
Other is bright and gold and shining too 
Either one. You pick you win or you lose 
One is for the dark and one is for truth. 
One will keep the voices. One is on mute. 
One will keep you hanging inside a noose. 
Other teach you all the ways to unloose 
 
 AK the Savior 
Woke up from a dream we're still in 
Will. We ever break free from these chains on skin 
Got an axe in a flash we'll be back making sense 
Bring it back on her ass mine blowing in the wind 
Bold thoughts of a king go hard but fuck brain 
So hard to sustain just a product of The game 
Young ace, hit the safe get involved with the snakes 
Pull your car, better keep a guard. Niggas might take everything 
Had to clean my karma. Now there ain't no drama 
Always felt like the target, with a chink in my armour 
I'm, taking shit from my father. Never listen! Why bother 
Too lost in the ego. Could'Ve tried way farther 
Cause my dogs. They lethal get a path. They eat. You 
Had to get up get out of the track. They lead you 
But. We live now that Cali lifestyle, my eagles 
Had, the wars peaceful, had to stop and eat full 
Used to bang with the dirt quickly. Leave you blood stained, 
Pants hanging and things changed. Nigga fuck fame 
Through, the pains
they could see the sun cause we up late, 
Hitting, Jane 
writing to the drugs, but the sub cray 
Remember thinking is this gon na pay off 
Is a nigga really gon na have to get a day. Job 
Till, my niggas load, the guns hit the streets. Then we mob 
No, shoulder to lean on to show my allegiance the worth of bond 
12 years old. When I took my first toke 
Then, I never looked back since then. Been ghost 
Soul is gravitated to this shit that stayed away the most 
If. My mama only knew about the shit that I indulged 
Would've been without a home, probably laid up with a stone 
Was a stinky little brat stuffed packs under my stove 
Burning dodie in the crib but Shhh. Nobody knows 
Showing up to every period smelling like an O, 
 
When, you lost in this world man, it's hard to relate 
And your back's on the wall. Only choice is go straight. 
Road signs left right, which path? Do you take 
Only one lead the way. 
Tell me, which one distant from your faith, 
 
Nigga, which path you gon' choose 
Both, got they perks, but one is for the few 
Other is bright and gold and shining too 
Either one. You pick you win or you lose 
One is for the dark and one is for truth. 
One will keep the voices. One is on mute. 
One will keep you hanging inside a noose, 
Other teach you all the ways to unloose 
 
