Check your bitch Lyrics
by X-Raided.


You gotta check your bitch.
Check that bitch.
Before she fuck around and do some drastic shit.
And have yo ass in that jail house stessed out.
Cuzz that bitch went and ran her muthafuckin mouth.

Peep my smith and wesson was locin what not.
After i blast had a fight with my dogg.
That ace told me sicx was getting in that ass.
But i still shot that foo in his fuckin face.
Now that dre slept with.
My ho was in the vehicle.
Seen the whole senerio.
And told me baby u so crazy.
Nigga u halla down.
And i was eating it up like 4 pounds.
Sicx said x - loc better smoke that bitch.
I didn't listen cuzz the pussy to this black ass dick.
I never did heard say no move exte.
Up and down.
Had me a gangsta bitch.
Six days later i was at the house watching a tv show.
Americas most wanted i seen my face and i said oh no.
Hoped up quick got to packin my shit told the ho lets go.
Thats when i heard sacramento police say open the gat dam door.
I looked out the window and saw.
Halla sheriffs white cars and police.
That punck muthafucka.
Was leading the whole gat dam packnium.
Anit no need for me to play the role like im super man.
When they kicked in the door.
Iwas alredy on the floor saying please dont shoot me man.
He walked in and put his gat on to the back of my neck.
My name ain't rodney king.
But it stilln seem nigga can't get no respect.
Asked me my name and i said no mouth you sorry ass bitch.
Which means i ain't about to tell your punk ass shit.
His face turned halla red he drived me to his skwat car.
And went talk to my girl and i was praying.
She wasn't saying what i thought she was saying.
Came back and told me mr. brown you young sorry ass bitch.
Your black ass in arrest little bit of that little bit of this.
And im thinking if he knows my name means my girl must of told him.
Which means my gangsta bitch was a pranksta.
Homie.

You gotta check yo bitch.
Check that bitch.
Quick before she fuck around and do some drastic shit.
And have your ass in that jail house stressed out.
Cuz that bitch went and ran her muthafuckin mouth.
187 in the hood can't say shit.
One time thinking it was pre maditated.
And now im in the muthafuckin county jail.
Ain't that a bitch that bitch.
Yous a ho u know yous a ho.
We got jacked by them cops and u told them everything you knew.
You a ho yuo know yous a ho.
I wish a muthafucka hada let me know.

Now they got me county.

And about 4 of the charges.
A nigga never heard of.
Like 1202.5.
Which means i used the automatic.
To bust a cap and made that foos muthafuckin face.
Crack with a 186.2 means it was gang related.
1878 which means my shit was premated.
Told me i was going.

2 days later i went.

Judge said if i can't afford a lawyer.
Hell be happy to appoint my.
Thinking a loco dont know the deal.
When.

Up that river.
So i.
Shit.
He said but that bitch as a witness.
Ain't no acting to get out of this pradickament.
They got no gat or evidence they can use to convict me.
But they got that bitch fuck they need to get me.
Told let him hit it and she did it.
Snitch on me and evedintly that bitch was with it.
Shit getting crazy down in my ends.
Gun charges it was 35 to life in one of those pins.
All my years done left out and all my little hoes gone left me.
Lost about thirty pounds im looking frail.
While i use to heafty.
Bout to make change.
But thats all gone to the left.
Young nigga stuck on stress.
Thouht about 24 pounds &amp; 29 ways a loc can kill him self.
No ain't gonna do it but its makin time go pretty sweeeet.
Two weeks later and my starting loc.
Wouldn't you know witness came up missing.
In the milk carton.
Nigga they can't touch me cuz ive been locked up.
I know who didit the G-blocc homies but i won't admit it.
I had when they said i was a akuitit.
Even do all this shit could have been avoided.
If i had just checked my bitch go check your bitch.

Check that bitch.
Quick before she fuck around and do some drastic shit.
And have u in that jail house stressed out.
Cuz that bitch went and ran her muthafuckin mouth.
187 in the hood can't say shit.
One time thinking it was pre maditated.
And now im in the muthafuckin county jail.
Ain't that a bitch.
That bitch.
That bitch.
Yeah.

