Check Out Time Lyrics
by 50/50 Twin.


Say, can I holla at ya 
Come here mayn 
 
50/50 Twin 
Vibrate, like a vibrator, you, vibrant thang, 
Back it up on my brain. So you can see how I hang 
Once. You give me the green light ain't. No! Stopping my game. 
I hid my necklace in my pocket: ain't no bopping, my chain 
Let's go post up by the bar drink, Grey, Goose and waste time; 
So many curves girl. You need a slippery when wet sign 
Hoping. After this, your mine, I'm trying to spit my best line. 
A million kids on your spine, I'm busting like a tech, nine 
Now, one ..., two ..., three ... four 
When. It'S time to exit meet me by the front door: 
Five ..., six, ..., seven, ..., eight 
If, you don't another dime piece will fill in ya space. 
You searching for a trick then go find Whodini 
Don't get me wrong. If you hungry I'll, go buy you Denny's, 
You wan na see money in hand I'll provide you pennies, 
Andrew Jackson, plus two under my ride is spinning. 
 
If. You know why you going then hop right in 
In. Other words be prepared for a one night stand 
After. I nut my kindness gon, stop right then 
 think it ain't, get your clock right, then 
, 
50/50 Twin 
We at the room now I'ma tell your pretty ass nicely. 
There will be no sleeping. I can lay up with wifey 
I ain't tripping on the cost. I can pay what the price be. 
Hotels are for teenagers. I got us a tight suite 
Call someone to rob me I'll pop you and them too 
Me and my gun fin to shower you get in when we through 
I come out. It'S on the flick channel. You a freak too 
Think. I ain't packing cause, I'm short, I'ma teach you 
We doing it and doing it and doing it. Well, 
Don't lick my lips like LL, but mami good as hell 
Sometime. It take me ten minutes, but my wood stood well 
If. I was a simp I'd, probably let you push V-12 
I enjoyed your time and yes, I do have a number 
But. I think its best. If we keep bumping into one another, 
Now be a good woman and go home to your husband, 
Oh yeah, don't be stalking me when you see me out clubbing 
 
50/50 Twin 
My reason for this rhyme is. I have no love at all. 
Men use to be dogs. Now women have em, come to dogs. 
A lot of you, dudes get some ass once and offer cars 
I call a bitch bitch so much. She think. I'M Too Short, 
You wonder why I call ya bitch come on. I bet ya, 
Stop wondering and go suck dick, don't lift your head up. 
You want your boy to spark your wrist and get your nails done. 
I'Ll, take ya money and tell ya. Get some'ing like a bails bond 
Handcuffed spend bucks 
Me in a tux. Please don't leave me 
The. Mink arm rest hug, your waist, while you sit on glass, 
I'm, gon, cheat and make your day great, like the weather, bad 
I'ma cap and cap, a slap her go'head hoe press charges, 
I never touch jail. I sell blow to the sergeant 
My past experiences. Make me treat hoes harshly 
It's like it's ice on my heart cause, I'm so cold hearted. What 
 
