Cheeba Cheeba Lyrics
by Zion I.

Aceyalone.
Goodness gracious, this place is so spacious.
I'm feelin' so live and vivacious.
Blessed with the ancient.
The epitome of gymnastics and bombastic we blast it with such.
Detail to the touch and back up the bum rush.
Make 'em hush, knock 'em out flush.
Shake 'em out their shoes, bad energy blues.
What rules? Haven't you heard the news?

Zion.
It's the boogie man's trance advancing the expansion.
Major flavor now engaged with your dancing.
Crazin' raisin' up the roof curing cancers.
A whole lot of problems, nobody but answers.
Gang of killers, acting like gorillas.
Dropped a little math, but you still couldn't feel us.
Rappers acting like drug dealers for the skrillas.
The business with the trash that they claim is the realest.

Rock rock man.
Freak freak man.
Cheeba cheeba man.
So unique man.
Rock rock man.
Freak freak man.
Cheeba cheeba man.
I'm a leader.

Zion.
Who shot Malcolm and put talcum on my tecs.
And put the ghetto youth on a vex -.
Sentence. End with a vengeance, street light presence.
Wanna be king because we live like peasants.
Living on a borrowed time 'till tomorrow.
Pray, meditate to style like Frida Kahlo.
Feeling muy cansado, then you should pucker up.
Guaranteed just let the G-O-D fill your cup.

Aceyalone.
Beneath the skies, where the mountains rise.
Make the whole world wise come feel these vibes.
See the problem lies behind your eyes.
Don't let your time run short before your energy dies.
Your persevere - is so severe.
Before they - burst in here and make it worse in here.
It's your worst fear, it already hurts in here.
You can see clear but you can't get out of first gear.

Aceyalone.
I time travel, flip it to a different channel.
Grab the handle, ride it and guide it.
Into your own private utopia - euphoria.
Road warrior - I didn't come for Gloria.
I've come as a courier to give you a note.
I walked and took a plane and I sailed on a boat.
They told me to tell you that we need your support.
And if we don't come together then we coming up short.

Zion.
In the valley of dry bones I'm gone with Acey-.
Along my gracy, Ju-jitsu with ponce.
Scatter like mics I like a lot of types.
Flight in the sights the best feeling in life.
Energize I the eyes to higher heights.
Pass skies where the children sing and fly their kites.
I'mma see light, the sun it rise in spite.
All the stress in my life, cause cousin, it's only right.

