Chevy Hump Lyrics
by Zip K..


A dog need what a dog need when a dog need it.
Just looking for a kitty worth the dog eating.
Rock show after show, no groupies though.
Cause I don't wanna get involved for the wrong reasons.
And I know you back to school enrolled, indulged in a finer education.
With all the street pharmacists to find your medication.
Funny how the campus grow the finest vegetation on your way to.
graduation.
I'm aware, niggas want you but you don't got time to care.
Cause the double standard given isn't fair.
Touchin' on yourself when you got some time to spare.
Told me meet you downstairs via text message.
Leaving out your dorm.
Shorts on, t-shirt, oh that's your uniform?
Had enough of playing goodie.
You can't take it anymore.
And you know it's time to go.
Release your inner carnivore.
Alriiiighta, let me slide down in my grandfather Impala.
'69 model, back in high school I was.
scared of your momma.
Now we both grown, that's a word to your momma.
Backseat interior peanut butter.
And your skin smooth like a pina colada.
Windows foggin' up, stereo volume up.
Chevrolet humpin', let's get it.

Uh, let's get it, let's get it, let's get it.
I'm wit it, you wit it.
The windows all tinted.
I'm in it, you feel it.
We kicking' this pimpin'.
Let's get it, let's get it.
Uh, let's get it, let's get it, let's get it.
I'm revving your engine.
I'm diggin' and hittin'.
The shit is ridiculous.
Kickin' this pimpin'.
We getting that.
Chevrolet hump  x4.
We getting that.
Chevrolet hump  x3.
In that chevy, chevy, chevy.
She had dumps like a truck, truck, truck.
Thighs like what, what, what.
Baby move your butt, butt, butt.
Aww man and make her say it again.
Get in that.
Chevrolet hump, hump, hump x3.

All them lower back massages in them parkin' garages.
Girl I owed you a solid.
In the process I got solid.
And you know what to do.
You took anatomy in college.
In the old school chevy.
Just enough room to get heavy.
Seats pushed forward, backseat been ready.
Got the AC blowin' don't matter we sweatin'.
Got your bare feet on the window.

Digging your geometry.
I'm hitting every angle.
Back scratched up.
I ain't tryna be Django, no.
Got a tank full of gas.
So there ain't nowhere we can't go, no.
And my hands like shackles.
How they grippin' on your ankles.
Maaco got my paint drippin' like such.
Got you drippin' automatic and a nigga clutch.
Hope you insured cause I'm 'bout to make dents.
Windows campin' out all this tint.
When you fuckin' out in public girl it only makes sense.
Lookin' back at it don't know whose ass is this.
Had me thinking 'bout it 'til your last class dismissed.
That Chevrolet works like mattresses, let's get it.

