Chevy Smile Lyrics
by Yung Joc.

{*screw voice: Hustlenomic$!*}.

Pull out the Chevrolets nigga.

Pull out the 71's, 72's &amp; seven-treys nigga.

The Don Dada, the dump riders, yours truly  Trick Daddy Dollars~!

You better believe it.

I like the way  the grill on my Chevrolet smile.
I like the way  the rims on my Chevy go round.
I like the way  the top on my Chevy go down.
I like the way  the Chevy make the girls go wild.

Yung Joc.
6-4 Chevrolet, S-S-M.
Twenty-fo' of suntan, thatat fresh pimp.
You think I'm ridin peanut butter, naw that's chocolate chip.
I love the way the paint drip, love the way the paint flip.
Head got the antique step, fishbowl lamp.
Fo'-fifteen beatin with the two stolen amps.
Move away with the butterfly, do's on suicide.
Five percent tint keep them hoes guessin who inside.
Now the neighbors mad cause my feet down low.
Now the haters mad cause they freaks down low.
Yeah the color scheme match these new Gucci loafers.
Plastic on the seats like my grandmama sofa.

Trick Daddy.
I got the work to match the hard top, fresh out of supermart.
And e'rywhere I go they follow the car show.
Yo, I hit a right, they hit a right.
I hit the gas and leave they ass 'bout fo' or five lights.
Gettin followed by these bougie broads, because they like the car.
They dig my swag, too bad bitch, this ain't for y'all.
This for them 'bout it bitches, all about the dollar bitches.
Independent, but love fuckin with real niggas.
This for my thug niggas, gettin rich drug dealin.
My trap stars with big walls and fast cars.
Dunk ridin, trunk poundin, glass-housin.
Now that's some real down South shit.

Yung Joc.
Got the grill on my Chevy like TV juggins.
Smile so bright, you can see me comin.
Say you wanna race, playboy we can run it.
Say you got a Hemi, my Chevy'll out run it.
I hope you got navigation cause pimpin you lost.
Police thank you smokin good, that's just my exhaust.
Betta get some antifreeze and let you shit cool off.
Minks on my flo' bitch, take your shoes off.
Treat my Chevy like a 'llac, dont slam my do's.
I'm ridin like a mack, backseat full of hoes.
I got a kush pack, we gon' blow this whole O.
Matter fact, let your seat back and ride out slow.

Jazze Pha.
Come chill with me if you wanna see what I'm ridin on.

I might even take you home.
I might even take you home.

In my Chevy.
Dubs.
Dueces.
Tres.
Fo's.
Sixes.
Eights.
30's.
That's the way I stay.
{Ay Joc, tell the truth though playboy}.
Dubs.
Dueces.
Tres.
Fo's.
Sixes.
Eights.
You can call me a Chevyweight!

