Chicken Fries (Featuring Mike Lopes
by Tyler Luke.


Yo, we made this thirty minutes ago.

5'5, not intimidating.
6'2, I'm in the making.

Still one two checking it.
Mirrors aren't reflecting it.
Girls keep rejecting it.
All these prospective rifs.
I'm not correcting it.
Rather connecting it.

In the times you keep intersecting it.
You're objecting it.
Objecting my words, objecting my sounds.
Objecting my nouns.
But you better start respecting it.
Before I start selecting.
The indirect objects and injecting it.
With some kerosene.
Kerosene in the blood stream.
Then maybe I'll be as gassed up as you'll be.
That's a little pun.
A little pun for you mind.
Just having a little fun.
Lil dapper by my side.
Covalent Connories got you bonded to me.
Simply.
A metaphysical rotation; a symphony.
Spin that old record, do you reckon for a second.
That I'm wrecking balling the game, it's like an Armageddon.
I'm not too far from a legend.
And I'm not settling for second.
So don't give me any seconds.

Interlude:.

Yo, it's your number one candidate for class singer: Joaquin Lopez Watson.
I'm bout to show y'all somethin'.
Do re mi fa so la ti do.

Can you turn it up in the headphones?
Okay.

I appreciate the love without the envy.
They see my on the come up.
Now they all want to be friendly.
It's funny.
I guess I'm just seein' how it really works.
She brought me to the crib just to show me that she really twerks.
Work something, Twerk Something basis.
But, Ya'll ain't really listen when I started in the basement.
Now we taking over shows, rappin' with my boy Relyt.
I know I want a story, but I don't know how to tell it.
All I know is that I'm gonna make this so hot that you gotta listen.
Spitting during class, writing raps up in detention.
Lil Dap' is the freshest, fresher than a freshman.
Matter fact, fresher than Will Smith in the Fresh Prince.
Sick with no symptoms, Pulling females like wisdoms.
Going down the street breaking rules and breaking systems.
If they telling you this wack, then they probably a liar.
After I sit down I'mma probably retire.
Lil Dapper.

Joaquin Lopez Watson:.
Sounding like a hundred zillion dollars on the track boy.
Yo, hit your boys up with the follow on twitter.
@tylerxluke @jlopezwatson @zachdavis101 @lopes_michael33.
Bam.

Lil Dapper:.
Yo, I really, I really am tight I didn't get most jacked though.
That was Lil Dapper.

