Chips Ahoy Lyrics
by Uno Hype.

Smoke DZA Talking Fuck the hype 
nigga I'm dead, nice. Higher than my mutha fuckin light bill in the summer 
 
Cool. However, you wan do it: 
My goons Trinidadian, my lawyers, Jewish 
First nigga in my hood, to make money off music 
We, don't entertain beef. We stew it 
Two –two, it four-five it so violent 
Potato over the 8-0 breathe slow, I-ya, 
Niggas baggin and they soundin like custies 
Used, to be slim, but Philippe got me. Huskies 
Think shit, sweet, then its bound to get ugly 
Don't get your whole shit patched up. Like a rug, be 
Ain't, nothing to it. I stay cool like a AC breeze, 
Come gamble, wit, ya boy. I got ac cheese, 
Rock polo boots, No ACG's 
No pussy, getting nigga fuck. You ain't, seen green 
Leave rap alone, get a job. Today, 
Over aggressive ass, niggas scare, the broads away 
It's my lane, and I can crossover like Hardaway 
Fall back nigga guard ya, safe 
, 
Who. What too rough kill it? Then it's two up 
Grew up on some two cup Houston nuisance 
UGK, who else cube live crew? What 
Was, mom and pop lollipops nigga guess I blew up: 
Bland lands to grand cans, a jams, cups, the Reese's 
Damn Sam. I scram ran and ran some polices, 
Long rambled thesis that could hand stain a Jesus, 
Raggedy Ann antics. We grandstand to pieces, 
You ain't, talking, fly shit, nigga, that's crazy, 
I talk real and my shit nigga, that's wavy, 
Bastards, a baby. The reverend couldn't save me. 
So. You gon need an extra set of chords. When you tape me 
You gon need a better set of flows. If you play me, 
Cuz they gone need an extra set of morgues. When you face me, 
So hate me cuz, all the right, humanoids love me 
Earth couldn't budge me. Shit is ugly 
They diggin a plot, I'm rippin apart 
With riddles, I rock ripped em 
The simplest shot killin, the block shit. Am I not 
Shakin ass nigga look alive when I hit ya. 
Step aside, while I super size up my picture, 
Capture rhymes that could take the pride of a nigga 
And, take the prize that I took and dive in his sister 
Apocalyptic with my narcoleptic narco scriptures 
Sleepin on it, but I think its time to rock em nigga 
Bitch, I'm mobbin 
 
I'm, just bleedin from this ballpoint 
My percussion to my senoritas, everything on point 
Reefer with the swisher blowin down till they can't reach us 
Fog under door vision. Hazy can't see us 
Kill em from a distance, no need to creep up. 
Paparazzi poppin girls, rushin catchin, seizures 
Hundred-degree fever and they hearin greatness 
Is, you seein what it takes kid. Is you feelin what they playin 
Like? What these dudes sayin can't remember. I was faded. 
Like, these memories never stayin. I could never save em 
Like. Why you fools hatin, plus they sayin? I won't make it 
But, I'm too far ahead. I know my presence is waitin 
Racin with time losin. My mind feels too hard to find 
Lookin for a little shine. I bet they take it from me. 
You could tell I'm comin. I thought you as never runnin 
They better put the plug in and aim when they not lookin 
Spot token, all up in ya feelins. That'S how I do it. 
You got ta feel the movement through it all remain the truest 
Leakin. On the cement and my heart, beatin 
Leavin the world fiendin shit - I seen em all steamin 
Plus, I'm here for a reason: I'm shittin on the defense 
Jumpin from the deep end nigga its our season, so I 
Carry the team. I think about the merrier things 
So. I married my dreams get out of the way homie 
You actin obscene way before me, an my niggas was packin, the green 
Shit we laughin at they team 
Grindin hard on the scene, man, this shit ain't, what it seems 
And nothing should come between the love and The work 
The stains on my shirt - I got ta come in first 
You, lil niggas is hurt, just take it for what its worth 
My hands covered in dirt, so much hunger and thirst 
But. I yearn for the struggle. The tell me to keep it humble nigga. 
Yeah
 
