Chivalry Lyrics
by Ruse.


Crazy written, the Joker wrote it. Take your pickin.
Miss out on a great poet or press play and listen.
To wrap it up, I have a gift. Made the ribbon.
With the same thread I'm spinnin round their heads as I'm spittin.
The brake's broken, I'm frickin playin Chicken with fame's admittance.
Hope to maybe make changes of opinion when I hit it.
Like who's this kid? This Chipman?
Thought I knew rap till he proved that I didn't.
Mad intuition, I have an imposition.
To kill those who's skill is insufficient with swag.
Fillin it's position. That isn't a musician.
That's a kid that talks fast. Stupidity with fruition.
They lack intuition, they have a shitty disposition.
Like this is about havin cash and tappin bitches.

No, you disagree.
Are you shittin me?
Hip-Hop's the new definition of bigotry.
No, you disagree.
Are you shittin me?
Stop being an idiot, where's the fuckin chivalry?

Not in Wayne's raps, I'll tell you that.
Exact same crap every track, somehow it sells fast.
It's sad, cause the knowledge we'd have is held back.
By this Hell we call Hip-Hop. It's not.
All bad but when you toss swag.
And a hashtag in it, then its lost that.
That electrifyin feelin, that I can touch the ceilin.
The light em up type of stuff, who's fuckin dealin?
The mic must be stolen. Those kids don't deserve to hold it.
Won't write with devotion, ghost writers do it for em.
Besides, if they've been behind the Words they've spoken; Christ, they're.
hopeless.
Despite the protest, my condolences.
To those who liked rap before it's life was stolen.

No, you disagree.
Are you shittin me?
Hip-Hop's the new definition of bigotry.
No, you disagree.
Are you shittin me?
Stop being an idiot, where's the fuckin chivalry?

It's missin from the periphery. It could be.
Different, how we fix this isn't a mystery.
It won't take wizardry, it's pretty simple. See.
We need to open our minds, and start listening.
You'd find the stupidity, and prolly fall back.
From that idiocy that we like to call swag.

