Christmas In Tha Hood Lyrics
by 3LW.


Guess who rolled up? Big S with the D rolled up.
Girls jockin so the G's loc up, know what, Santa ain't playin that stuff.
See, Santa steady ridin on them scrubs for Xmas.
Sleigh stay flyin on them dubbs and switches.
He's vicious, gear on point and iced out.
When Santa hit the floor ya know it's lights out.
From the West to the East up North and down South it.
Ghetto Santa Claus is bout it.
3L dub so throw ya hands up for me.
You know wassup, get yo dance on home cause.

We bout to get the shhhhh started.
We given you just what you wanted.
From yo block to my block, we gonna keep it hot.
It's Xmas in the hood.
Ghetto Xmas lights flickin.
Police ain't even round trippin.
From yo block to my block, we gonna make it hot.
It's Xmas in the hood.

Break:.
It's going down fa sho.
Ghetto Santa Claus is at the door.
I'ma get mine, you get yours.
Xmas in the ghetto yo.

Yo today, I gotta fat knot, in my stash box.
And from this block to that block, they be like that's hot.
Santa hit the jackpot, seen him in the rag-top.
Flossin, tossin toys at us have-nots.
3L dub and tell it best to from Dirty Jerz to L. E. S.
You'd never guess who I seen on the dance floor up in the mix.
Santa Claus for the cause with a thousand chicks.
I'm like Nick, tell me what you gots for me, we in the hood where it's good.
Like it oughts to be, havin the time of my life too.
I gots to be back home with my peeps that's the spot for me cause.

Celebrating from the West to East coastin'.
I stay posted, this is for my people on the block with toastaz.
My down home hotties hold it down you know this.
The goody goodies got no time to notice.
How we get down from my town to your town.
L. A. To the Bricks, V. A. And back down.
We clownin while we downin egg nog by the case.
50 ain't trippin today about your case.
Ain't nobody stressin turkey and dressing.
At the table with the fam thankin God for the blessings.
It's all good from the grimey to the meadow.
It ain't nothing like Xmas in the ghetto, holla back.

