Chronic 2000 Lyrics
by VK.


It'S Time to throw your dubs up, 
Time to tear da fuckin' clubs up 
Chronic 2 on the Jersey Set 
For, all you niggas, who ain't heard me yet: 
WE RIDE Chronic 2000. Still Smokin' Baby 
 
Release, the funkiness out of the chamber. Let'S see who remains 
See, who got the knack with the irrevocable indisputable brain 
Well? Unquestionably, it's VK Holler, Mayday 
I'm comin' out to play la la na na 
Yo years, went by because I knew what I could do.. What'S that 
Take the microphone and hold my own against any crew 
Cuz? All I live to do is this 
Flex, my plex and release cuts and layed back with the sticky buddha sets 
Partna. It don't even make no sense, be this hype. 
Atomic lyrics, hittin', ya, fools makin' your fingaz drop, the mic 
Handlin' buisness Who's da first eye to eye witness 
To, feel the pain on the brain and plus get put on my shit list: 
I'm, takin' bones and slashin''em.. Don'T forget about your wrists 
I'm takin'em pullin! You like you, was a Bitch 
Huh. My shit is addictive. Like that sticky green, chronic 
Had, you lookin' up in the sky, thinkin' you bionic 
, 
It's time to throw your dubs up, 
Westside ..., 
It's time to tear da fuckin' clubs up 
That's Right ..., 
Chronic 2 on the Jersey Set 
Eastside ... 
For, all ya'll niggas, who Ain'T heard me yet 
We Ride, 
 
Okay. It'S time to blaze, the new millenium 
I got a dick to smack a bitch and make her Kitty cum 
Fuck wit Dimes plus I trickle wit' the ghetto nickles 
Fuck 5-0. I got a land-to-air stolen, missle. Death Row. 
And. You thought this shit was shut down. Fuck you 
You might see me ,'Pac and Suge round 
Buying weed from a chronic spot. Uptown 
Cuz niggas ain't dead. They fed 
rollin' wit Jersey, 
30,000 project. Niggas is wildin' 
Cuz. We da niggas dat'll jack yo ass, smack yo ass 
Take, all yo ass's caps cast and cap yo ass 
You fuckin buckin' wit da beast from the east 
Best from the west clout from the south and nothin' less from the midwest 
Like Mex. I'M too close on two coasts: 
Numero uno Wild as Cujo bitch, you
know 
On, the side that'll snatch a snitch Catch, yo, Bitch 
Rap for kicks, Then smack yo, rick 
 
Why. Try. I came equipped to throw your whole clan off. 
So, pull your weapon. It'S a woman to man stand-off 
I, woulda called your crew for you, but the sorry stacks ran off 
Ima. Make the world see what I already saw: 
VK's switchin' the game. Now I be a legit baller 
We could go straight up or we could switch it to 
I's a ghetto scholar with the power to show improve, 
You pray for my destruction. I execute the plan that you used. 
I, don't care who you send? No one is equivelent. 
I took your script: now you look annerexic on Fen Phen, 
Death Row ain't finished 
So. Now you must be thee and I witness the dimishin' 
From a born hustler, Climbin', ya, 
Grippin' ya by ya: juggler disconect, yo, mainframe, 
And, disrespect ya, like old furniture, 
Mad atcha unleashin. This VK and Death Row gat atcha 
Flippin', ..., ..., ..., Spatula, 
 
