Cigarettes & Saints Lyrics
by The Wonder Years.

Twice a week I pass by the church that held your funeral.
And the pastor's words come pouring down like rain.
How he called you a sinner and said now you walk with Jesus.
So the drugs that took your life aren't gonna cause you any pain.
I don't think he even knew your name.
And I refuse to kneel and pray.
I won't remember you that way.

I lit you a candle in every cathedral across Europe.
And I hope you know you're still my patron saint.
I tried to forgive, but I can't forget the cigar in his fist.
I know that they were heartsick, but I need someone to blame.
And I know how they blamed me.
I know what you'd say.
You'd tell me it was your fault.
I should put all my arrows away.

I'm sure there ain't a heaven.
But that don't mean I don't like to picture you there.
I'll bet you're bumming cigarettes off saints.
And I'm sure you're still singing.
But I'll bet that you're still just a bit out of key.
That crooked smile pushing words across your teeth.

Cause you were heat lightning.
Yeah, you were a storm that never rolled in.
You were the northern lights in a southern town.
A caustic.
fleeting thing.
I'll bury your memories in the garden.
And watch them grow with the flowers in spring.
I'll keep you with me.

These wolves in their suits and ties.
Saying, Kid, you can trust me.
Charming southern drawl, sunken eyes.
Buying good will in hotel lobbies.
Buy fistfuls of pills to make sure you don't hurt no more.
You don't gotta feel anything.
Got their fangs in our veins.
Got their voice in our head.
Got our arms in their grips.
No, we can't shake free.

This goddamn machine, hungry and heartless.
My whole generation got lost in the margin.
We put our faith in you and you turned a profit.
Now we're drowning here under the waves.

Drowning out under the waves.

Drowning out, drowning out.

You can't have my friends.
You can't have my brothers.
You can't have my friends.
You can't have my brothers.
You can't have my friends.
You can't have my brothers.
You can't have me.
No, you can't have me.

