Citizen Snips Lyrics
by 415 fossas.


Gucci Purr Gucci, Gucci, purr, Gucci, Purr, Gucci, Gucci, Purr, 
, 
Hows, everybody feline tonight, Mozig on the mic 
Am. I the only one that thinks Stroodles looks like a dike 
I'm allowed to say: nigga nigga, cuz im, a black cat 
I can rhyme in purrfect English. Like I'm, The Cat in the Hat 
I'm a bad ass cat, I hide under the bed and play with rolled up socks 
Plus. My mouth is super dirty like a fucking litter box. 
Other cats treat me as their king like we live in Great Britain 
As soon. As you see, my puckered ass, like kitten mittens you'll, be smitten 
I'm, so horny like a cat in heat man. My kitty, dick, is hard like concrete 
I'm going to go, find some stray off the street, so I can go skeet. Skeet 
I got my main man, Diego J., That T-FLock bitch is definitely gay. 
I hope you pussys are ready for some hot word play 
I like to go to cat clubs and get high on cat nip 
Then. I go find some slut stray and play with her cat. Nip 

I left you bitches hungry, for more, like “I. Can haz cheezburger, ” 
 
Meow mix, meow mix, 
I shit them dix, while I fuck them chicks. 
I 69'd, with a cat named smalls 
I got the pussy and she got my balls 
She purred real nice. When she saw me fuck them mice, 
Oh yea. I kept her on ice, 
Cat, nip and sippin on some shit. When I see a tit, all I wan na do is finger
the clit 
When. I do, I make sure, there's a slit just in case. I want to insert my poopy
dick 
They call me the cat's meow. I run my dick from your stern to your bow 
And. When I eat you out, im reminded of general tsao mixed with some cat
chow 
Black cats and nigger dick rats 
All my life, I pee when I sat 
The big boy that stands so tall orange cobra is the king of them all 
While them other cats get in Brawls, this cat sits back and plays with his
balls 
I've, been called a pussy in the past, but if you call me that today, bitch
you won't last ... 
The authorities won't event have to ask they'll, see that its your dick that
has been axed 
 
I, like my pussy, Like I, like my men with a throbbing cock, 
I always beat off into a tube sock, 
I like to get bossy, fuck kittys. How about doggy- 
Style! I could go for miles. Bitch put me on trial 
Slide that hot dude across the floor, like a whore 
Just, a little rug burn. Is it my turn? 
I was getting into trouble with my alley: cat 
When the cops came up and asked “whose gat is dat. ” 
I said that gat be mine, 
“What the fuck you going to do with this feline. ” 
I found this one cat that had a long tail 
But. When she showed me her pussy. I just had to bail 
Foul cats scheamin up the setup 
Tryin to leave me and my cream wet up 
Two in the head leaded up 
Call the coroners to make they bed up. 
 
I was getting horny for a raunchy kitty. Orgy 
That pussy smelled like cat food and ruined the mood 
I said fuck. It make some cake. Farts 
I tore up that frosted pussy, like darts 
On to the pink tacos scratch it up with whiskers 
8 cat nips for ocho titty twisters 
She sucked my dick all covered in bukkake 
Fry that pussy in the pan, like chicken teriyaki 
Throw, the extra jizz up in The cum dumpster 
Beat that pussy up till that clit start to flutter 
Fuck her in the gutter can full of tuna 
Got that pussy so riled up. She a puma 
Box full of litter. That dried shit starts to glitter 
Pour a little liquor. Now it's time to finger 
Take, a nibble on this dick and jingle my balls 
And I'll sprinkle a tinkle until it starts to tingle 
Just playing bitch, suck it or I'll fuck it .
 
