Clock In Lyrics
by WordPlay T.JAY.


Too confident to stay surrounded by doubt.
Could have gave it up but I never would have found out.
That I've been this dope, my pen games works out.
So I'm clocking in, no clocking out.

Clocking In, no time for doubts.
Stay on the job when them other dudes punch out.
Clocking in, no time for doubts.
So, I'm clocking in. So I never clock out.

Coming in with the pen game, sketch it out like its hentai.
Better bow to the sensei, never mind what your friends say.
Not even what your ken say, cause your boy T.Jay getting sick as hell.
Shit was a game, I would pick myself.
Had you in stores, wouldn't pick your shelf.
Make the whole thing up just to get your wealth.
Try to stick to the walls but that shit ain't felt.
Could of used Velcro but that shit doesn't help.
Is it too damn hard just to be yourself?
Treat yourself, got dates on.
dates on dates.
Not fruit but it's time to hit the stage.
My shit needed time to incubate.
Work hard so it's time to get the raise.
Chips off no time to hit delays.
Know myself so love is all I crave.
Flip raps even if it never pays.
Do it for Mike Brown and Freddy Gray.
Confidence, competence, push culture up, no dominance.
Hands on like fondling, gotta orchestrate my prominence, so I'm.

Getting my stance back, now I grit my teeth like a bear trap.
Get the whole crew ready like the fair's back, as I rise on up watch stairs pack.
Like mama at work, where the cares at?
As I stock our growth, can't share that.
Pick apart my work, no fair facts, when their own shit is just half ass like:.
He don't use enough metaphors and that nigga sounds too nerdy.
He don't talk about dumb shit and can't turn it up on my birthday.
Cause I'm WordPlay. If you got it all then I wouldn't be the best.
I don't work this hard to be the rest, didn't come this far to just digress.
I work this hard to be a pest, to everyone that sees my death.
Use what I got to make it stretch, and til this day it's Nothin' Less.
I work this hard to be a pest, to everyone that sees my death.
Use what I got to make it stretch, and til this day it's Nothin' Less.

Hold up, just doing things that they told us.
If we never live our dreams out, then we fall like October.
Hold up, just doing things that they told us.
If we never live our dreams out, then we fall like October.
Hold up ain't doing things that they told us.
Grind like they owe us, grind out like Folgers.
Hold up ain't doing things that they told us.
Grind like they owe us, grind out like Folgers.

