Close Encounters Lyrics
by Xc.

Guy 1 +.
I like to keep this handy *gun cock* for close encounters.

I just sit alone in this room its me in this laptop.
Wit no safety.
So many bars that I'm saying to myself this couldn't be your last shot.
If so get on the ball you think I'mma pass not.
Its me, Rod, Will and some ones I ain't seen in 3 years.
Just working for the days that we can sit in them beach chairs.
Come from a crooked city it wasn't meant to succeed here.
I made my own change I never said that I need fair.
But be clear of niggas who never be here.
Who hopped on late I'm guessing cause its the leap year.
Scared to follow their heart its like they dont want to leave here.
But if we all of us wait that mean none of us eats clear.
I make the shit that the people just gotta feel.
By the end of these 10 songs you should see what I'm bout foreal.
I'm on the road to riches but its like a roadtrip.
So yall muthafuckas can sleep cuz I got the the wheel.

Said I'm on my way.
I said its heat they just said thats the harder way.
But we close and honestly that ain't hard to say.
Because the top just don't feel so far way.

Here we go and you know its no looking back.
They say I can get a deal but nigga what good is that.
See they told me to follow suit and I told em that wouldn't match.
Because I been a trail blazer and hommie I couldn't slack.
Never I paid me dues and so nothing gets tooking back.
I threw away the receipts I'm getting my footing back.
After living life on the edge so much shit was on my back.
You know I never been fragile so hommie I wouldn't crack.
They say pressure bust pipes or make diamonds.
You look me in my eyes and tell me I ain't shining.
Tell me I ain't grinding.
I'm steady clocking in cause they told me it takes timing.
They act like I ain't trying.
Even filled out some applications just to make effort.
They never hire me then they tell me it ain't ya record.
Momma said go to school do you like 8 semesters.
To get a bachelors, Why when I got this mastered.
I'm enrolling in life and I'm tryna get straight A's.
We gon make history once we get on the same page.
Tryna get my shot and they told me I can't aim.
This one gon be from point blank range, bang.

And we our way.
I said it's magic and they said its the harder way.
But we close and honestly that ain't hard to say.
Because the top don't feel so far away, any more.

First it start with the hate from some people that never dissed you.
Start getting paper everybody want get an issue.
Fuck em just keep it real with the niggas that get it with you.
And to everybody else you let em miss you.

