Clotho Lyrics
by Bodi.


Alright - this is how it starts.
Spark from the flame lit between two hearts.
Emerge from the dark, then march to the light.
One way ticket, to reunite with the night.
And every day's a lottery.
Stoned when our number's called or win another sunrise.
One wise lesson I learned the hard way's.
Live like the end will come today, because it could.
And woulda should will do no good, pushing daffodils.
What we stood for will outlive our passing thrills.
And maybe it's true.
Wisdom's learning how to make due with what we lose.
Which is everything eventually, everyone we'll ever see.
Every single destiny's ending and just a memory.
What we leave behind's the after life that exists.
Birthday candles blown out, every wish.
Every year put together couldn't save us from the tethers.
Of the sisters of fate deciding when to clip the feathers.
So forever is now \- until the fight song.
Fades, goodnight, but live to keep the lights on.

This is our moment.
Our one shot to be legend.
And nothing exists but this second.
All we can do is decide how to spend it.

And this is how I'm spending mine?
Moving back into the basement of my parent's house at 25?
Boxes in the attic of the album I ain't sold.
So the music turns to static on a quest to make gold.
Self deprecating, hating on myself, debating.
Whether self-medicating is an option for the taking.
Waiting round and breaking down as often as my car dies.
Only 5 years ago I dreamed about the stars lives.
That I idolized and knew.
I could make my once upon a time  come true.
But then I got older with regrets to undo.
And a wishlist that grew longer than Rapunzel's hair.
Or the time it'd take to make the sun blue.
Or the cow to jump moon.
Or to stand in the Amazon and run through.
Or to learn how to beat Bruce Lee at Kung Fu.
Time to give up or try some new, you.
Can never make a change standing in place, or make.
Lines on the face erase without being fake.
The greats weren't great in the amniotic fluid.
The struggle they embraced, it gave a shot at pushing through it.
And they knew if they could do it then the truest form of spirit.
Grew without illusions of some Druids coming near it.
Cause it's clear if we depend on magic for our metamorphosis.
This is walking dead as a living corpse exist.
And I would spit on the graves of those who made me who I am.
If I don't take the shots to be the best me that I can.
And stand on my own two.
While I'm 6 feet above the world that I hold to.
The old you's dead's what my inner voice said.
And the phoenix only rises when the old bones shed.
The new you's now time to get up, get out.
Get moving, and make your past proud.

