Cloudy Days (Z-Mix) Lyrics
by Z-Mane.


I've seen too many cloudy days, tell me when it's sunny.
I like to the see the green, but I'm not just talking money.
And ain't it funny how you think got a true friend?
Soon as you get green, but when it's gone, then it all ends.
Then they leave your life forever.
You're wondering, hey, when they're ever coming back, probably never.
Give me sunshine, I'll even settle for rain.
Because I'm tired of these cloudy days.

Look, it seemed like a journey in my lifetime.
Wanted to know if I was cool enough to write rhymes.
My older cousins did it, so I had to try it out.
But when they was at the top, I was still about 2 miles south.
Impressed my homies with my flow, but some of them was hating.
They see the popularity rise and they're appreciating.
Man, it's funny how money can change a man.
They hate you, then they love you, you lose some green, then they hate you.
again.
The forecast got my mood feeling bad.
Can't even look up in the sky without it making me mad.
And it's sad some of these niggas sell out just for the fame.
Forget their girl and their homies, even disrespect their family name.
I wonder if a storm is coming soon.
This Davis wolf ain't feeling right, that's why I'm howling at the moon.
But y'all don't understand, someone call the weatherman.
And tell them hit me up when sunshine hits the land.
Naw I'm saying?

I know it may seem bad right now.
Even though I wanna cry, I always seem to smile.
And I know one day it's gon' be okay.
Someone take these cloudy days away.

Sometimes I just wanna cry.
And then I look up to the sky.
I get down on my knees, I beg and I plead.
Lord, please just make it right.
I use to think my life was bad.
But I was lucky to have what I had.
My grandma always said, It's gon' be okay..
But I seen too many cloudy days!
Yeah-yeah.

Aaliyah Ford + Z-Mane adlibs.
Can I get a little sunshine?
Someone just tell me...it will be fine.
And now I'm gonna pray, I know it's gon' be okay.
Someone please take these cloudy days away.

