Cloud of Endo Lyrics
by The World Famous Tony Williams.

Produced by SMKA.

Comin' down, rollin' up.
Sweet James Jones in a styrofoam cup.
All my cars got leather and wood.
Off white body with the Santa Claus ?
Got some ?
Tell them niggas I'm the best and I ain't ever give a fuck.
Listen nigga, I'm a threat and I ain't ever givin' up.
I keep a quarter of the Cali, shall forever live it up.
And this'll never be enough but you can bet a nigga bust.
I know that Tia lookin' down on me, I hope I keep it up.
And though I need my homie I can't let it eat me up.
But if I'm ever in a rut or say I ever need a crutch.
I got an angel lookin' down on me to tell me beat it up.
Cause I'm high enough to reach him, I'm forever weeded up.
Lot of shit is on my chest and so I had to speed it up.
But when I finally get to Heaven ? we did it up.
Got the Chevy feeted up, we sittin' higher than we used to.
Rollin' through the city, hittin' places that we used to.
Still rollin' sticky, doin' things that we used to.
Same niggas with me, all the same niggas you knew.
Who knew? You knew, I was gon' blow.
With a Betty in the Chevy with a heavy cloud of smoke.
And tried to tell 'em 'bout my nigga while we mellow on the choke.
Cause some Afghan kush is like Heaven to the throat.

The World Famous Tony Williams x2.
Rollin' down my window in a cloud of endo.
I get high cause I don't know what we're in for.
The streets don't love me, the block don't love me.
I light my L for all my niggas above me.

I'm in the cabbie, I'm just rollin' 'round, rollin' up.
OZ of OG Kush in the tuck.
Ride for a while so I rolled me a dutch.
Know it's pain in the world, everybody need a crutch.
Got my nigga in a rut, facin' 7 years max.
Conspiracy to sell, had his cellphone tapped.
Nigga bailed for the trap, wish he would have fell back.
Now he lookin' at a felony charge and that's that.
Historical black fact, most niggas catch a charge.
Once in our life, bein' niggas is hard.
?
I still kick it for my niggas on that ?
Blow a whiff of the bomb, and in the moment of calm.
I raise an L for my niggas in the greater beyond.
Smoke the greatest of chron while leanin' back in the coupe.
'Scapin' all reality and then it's back in the booth.
Puttin' work into the wordplay, never gettin' rest.
Never know if you'll be here one day and disappear the next.
Carpe diem on the chest, dealin' with the chest.
It's the illin' type of feelin' when you're better than the rest.
This is better than a threat, this as good as it gets.
Cause the niggas that I'm with, they wouldn't settle for less.
To my niggas up above who I'll never forget.
Tell them niggas I'ma do it to death.

Smokin' fire, y'all smoke up.
'Roc and pineapple up in my cup.
I don't fuck with Diddy but I drink Ciroc.
Don't need a hundred niggas with me when I stain the block.

Gettin' sucked off by Camille and Coco.
I'll put a pistol in a nigga mouth for Romo.
Don't got to hit the scene with these hip-hop promos.
Real shit you can't deal with.
But that fuck shit, you've been stuck with.
And yo the radio don't gotta ever play my shit.
If I don't hit, niggas better learn to duck, bitch.
Cause I'm rappin' and robbin', on my job and.
You can push a mothafucka, you don't want no problems.
FG 'bout cheese so you can't knock him.
Show up at a rap show and go chain shoppin'.
Bitch face down, shake down.
Triple up when the hoe lick, break down.
And a nigga got work on the mailin' list.
Cause I be shippin' it off to like 8 towns.
Wow, got loud and powder packs.
16's in this bitch, straight bounce it back.
Rollin' with my latest dime, see the bitch behind me.
But I bet I ain't rollin' down my window.

