Clouds Lyrics
by Unnamed.

Yo, Unnamed in this bitch.

I don't wanna be stranded.
I wanna sit in the sky and lay among the clouds.
I can't deal with this madness.
I wanna fly up high surrounded by the clouds.
I just need to escape.
I must change my fate.
And I forget about it all in the clouds.
I'm sorry for leaving.
Just hear my speaking.
To you from up in the clouds.

Without the clouds I'm lost.
Up here it takes my mind off.
Everything wrong with the world.
Every boy and little girl.
With no shoes, no socks.
No toys, just rocks.
It's madness.
Fills you with sadness.
But what do we do?
Act like it ain't happening.
It's sad but it's true.
You go along being you.
While a child dies from lack of food.
And why don't presidents fight the war?
Why do they always send the poor?
I can't even act surprised anymore.
There's more leadership in a dinosaur.
They take us for mugs.
We let them like they should.
There's more spine in a slug.
They walk on us like mud.
And we just lay and take it like Sasha Grey would.
And anyone who has power takes advantage.
Cops make people stiff like they're in a fridge.
They aim they're gun, you have your hands in the air.
And they'd pull the trigger if no one was there.
I'm embarrassed of how white people represent.
I apologize because being white is one thing I resent.
I don't wanna share a race with slave traders.
I don't wanna share a race with house raiders.
Machine gun sprayers and abuse sayers.
You can't even see a movie without a white man fucking it up.
Look what you're doing with God's plan, fucking it up.
That's why I scream so loud.
It shuts the bullshit out.
I get rid of those sounds.
Then float up to the clouds.

I'm up in the clouds, and I really like it here.
There's so much less bullshit that I have to hear.
I'm afraid to come down because it's been so long.
I've given so little fucks it's like I've always been gone.
It's like this is where I'm from, and Earth is foreign land.
This isn't my home, it feels like I'm in remand.
I don't see a civilization, just dirt, water and sand.
Just a bunch of mice stuck in a wheel.
Doomed and too scared to squeal.
So I'll say what's wrong.
Fuck North Korea, fuck a nuclear bomb.
Fuck your death threats, fuck you Kim-Jong.
Cause if you do hear this, you'll blow me till kingdom come.
But you won't realise that what you've done.
Is raise publicity for this song.
Don't believe that you're free cause free is just a word.
They try to associate it with the image of a bird.
To distract you from the fact that you're in a herd.
That's just what they say.
To get you to stay.
And in a sick kind of way.
You've never been free for a day.
People say it's for the best.
And they could say it with their chest.
But that doesn't mean it's true.
Let me lay this case to rest.
Some leaders are millionaires.
Most of them are billionaires.
They sit there in their fancy chairs.
Sometimes their offspring holds the heir.
They get born into royalty.
How's that fair when people get nothing for working with loyalty.

