Coco Remix Lyrics
by HV Gutter.

 HV Gutter She in, love with, Ye, that bitch think she Kim K, And.
she always tryna kick it I guess that could make me her sensei The fam go eat.
we gon need like 10 plates niggas bite styles so I switch my template Wait,.
tongue out, all in that pussy I feel like MJ going for the win hey And I got.
Bass in the trunk, shaking em up I had leftover pussy I ate it for lunch,.
Planes over blunts, niggas can hate if they want, but it's okay if don't, I'm.
here with a bunch of them hoes who suck I got that bitch off of the pole for.
once A married bitch a terrorist he call her so much that her phone blow up,.
Smoking, gas she throwing, ass she gon let me hit wit no shoulder, pads,.
Going, deep, I feel like, Dez, Bryant, when she, throw that, ass I'm making em.
mad, lace em with swag I feel like it's twitter I stay with the hash, Tag team.
her friend with the ass, fuck till the morning then order the steak with the.
eggs You niggas ain't yet on my level, still gotta pedal up this hill forever,.
GFE we gon be up here for ever, niggas wanna stop me that day gonna be never,.
Yeah I fuck her once then forget her, then I pull up and upset her, Yeah I.
smoke kush it make me feel better, and if yo bitch choosing just keep it.
moving Young Stephen King bitch I'm making movies these niggas scared cause I.
keep producing, Gotta problem I'm that solution don't fuck with hoes who try.
acting bougie God damn it yo bitch, want me Ima gon leave her leaking I feel.
like Sony, Carry my team bitch I feel like I'm Kobe, but it's 01 and we going.
for the trophy, Nigga  .
  .
 HV Gutter .. I don't snort that Yolo.. I'm in love with that smoke.
though.. I got it for the Lolo.. Im in love with that smoke though.. Fuck a 7.
need a O bro.. Fuck a blunt I need a cone bro.. I'm in love with the smoke.
though.. Smoke them papers bet yo hoe know who I be  .
  .
 HV Gutter Yeah I go by HV, dark shades I can't see, shades dark as.
Tyrese I beat that pussy up like Ali but I need one that look like Taraji, Who.
pop that pussy like a Ollie, if you got ass that's all that I need, I'm.
breaking down weed, Fuck what you mean, fuck what you saying, fuck with squad.
in the dirt where you laying, Know that I roll hella herb in a plane takeover.
the game that's part of the plan, hey, Been on my Job I been on them Raws,.
never cigars, Fuck with them hoes who got medical cards, paint you da picture.
then sell the collage I'm working so hard that's V.. take it over we gon take.
it over, Balling hard, in the O I feel like Mariota.. Twist it with the hash.
nigga.. yeah I blow the whole bag nigga  .
  .
 HV Gutter.. Nigga I don't snort that Yolo.. I'm in love with that.
smoke though.. I got it for the Lolo.. Im in love with that smoke though...
Fuck a 7 need a O bro.. Fuck a blunt I need a cone bro.. I got it for the.
lolo.. I'm in love with that smoke though...  .
  .
I'm in love with that smoke though... don't act like you don't know hoe....
yeah... man you niggas gotta try harder... bitch....
.
