Codeine Kiss Lyrics
by VI Seconds.


I got my jack and coke.
A glass of OG.
She's my antidote.
She has to blow.
We got a lot of coke.
And a lot of codeine.
Got a lot of codeine.
Got a lot of codeine.

I let go with the restraints from within cause I love her.
Forgot the names of every other bitch for my lover.
In possession of purple haze and I binge cause I love her.
Smoking loud till my brain has a glitch with my lover.
Now, don't love no bitch, I often would say.
But this heroine is heroin in all of my veins.
Pardon my saying.
Pardon me, pardon me.
Feels it's the same as taking a card and parting your cane.
All for the sake of taking it all to the face.
Your heart starting to race so much you're starting to shake.
It ain't all a mistake, it's the art of mistakes.
I pain and she pains with me.
I'm putting it all at stake, she goes through the pains with me.
Broken legs I walk on, she walks with a cane with me.
Ain't saying this cause she's taking this all to the brain with me.
It's the fire in my chest, the purple in my blunt cup.
And the fact that when I'm sipping I don't ever give a fuck Cause.

So what the fuck is love anyway?
Could I feel this shit on any day?
Is it cause she's like my homie.
And I love it when she blow me.
And we fuck with weed and codeine?
So what the fuck is love anyway?
Will I feel like this on every day?
I just hope it's truly love.
And it ain't cause of the drugs.
And the fact that we-.

Both on a high.
Both looking close to the eyes of the other with the hopes that it ain't a.
dope disguise.
Both on a high.
Both looking close to the eyes of the other, if it's fake they'll notice the.
lies.
Both on a high.
The world sits idly by.
You hear drips from their exes that silently cry.
Only to have them drowned out by moans of lust.
If it ain't true love, to them it's close enough.
Pleasure, all of our senses in a flair.
Her taste touch and smell, all things I can't bear.
To be without enticed by her beauty as I stare.
My ears hear fuck me.
There's passion in the air.
Fistful of her hair, knocking over all we see.
I got a mouthful of her, she got a mouthful of me.
Purple everywhere, from my bud to the lean.
What a scene.
What a drug-induced dream is.

