Coffee Shop Lyrics
by Yung Joc.


Welcome to Starblocks.
It's Young Dirty.
Who's this?
It's Young Dirty!
Oh okay, what you need?
Let me get them new Ones mayne.
How many pair you need?
Two of 'em, give me two.
I got you, pull on around to the window pimp.
Aight shorty.
Ay ay ay Joc! {Whattup Pak Man}.
Shorty out here say he need two fresh pair.
{Oh yea he want two of 'em?}.
Yeah the new ones {Aight}.
Ay Joc {Whattup?} You know the motto! {Yo}.
Hustle by any means!

First I take they order like the coffee shop.
Then I steam it up and cook it like the coffee shop.
And then I serve it out the window like the coffee shop.

And it ain't no returns at the coffee shop.
Man I make that paper stack up at my coffee shop.
One hit and they'll be back to the coffee shop.

Yung Joc.
Hey hey, ayyy, okay.
It's just another day at the coffee shop.
We sellin everything, down to the shoes and watch.
And for the right price meet me in the parking lot.
I got a sale on them old school Chevy drops.
No knock cause we only serve the.
best.
Oh yeah my coffee shop is cheaper than the rest~!
I'm takin orders, tell me who's next.
Only cash, no credit, no checks.
When your car stop, welcome to Starblocks.
You wanna triple your knot? Invest in our stock.
And now we doin numbers, just like the close-out.
Make sure to shop with me, before it's sold out.

Gorilla Zoe.
Steppin on the scene as I tilt my hat.
Black Pat Sajak, bring anything.
back.
I'm a hustler  I'm just looking for a customer.
I'mma get it whether rain sleet or snowin bruh.
And for that cash flow your boy moves rapido.
Ice latte, you don't see that boy.
go.
You need anything, you can call Gorilla Zoe.
Yeah they get it and go, I tell 'em vamanos.
It's not a phone #, but I got 7 digits.
Got so many whips, they call me whipalicious.
I rock expensive shirts, and thousand dollar britches.
I get them Star-bucks at the coffee shop, get it?

Yung Joc.
Ha, ah-ha, okay.
Everybody on the block know my nickname.
Grade A pimp game, you can call me Ben Frank.
And all my money get counted when the shifts change.
Then get 211 t-shirt wit'cho picture framed.
If you need the number 1-800-Starblocks.
Coca latte, damned to make yo' heart stop.
And now the haters hot, so they run and tell the cops.
So they shut this down, we'll set up shop on another block.

Ay Pat.
In the South where they can find.
this at.

When we on the West coast where they gon' find us at.

What about up top shorty, where they gon' find us at.

Ay kids, please don't do drugs.
Just give it to me, so I can sell it -.

