Coffee Shop (Dirty Version) Lyrics
by Yung Joc.


Welcome to Starblocks 
It's Young Dirty 
Who's, this 
It's Young, Dirty 
Oh. Okay, what you need 
Ay! I need some of dem thangs man 
How many of'em 
Two of'em. Give me two 
I got you pull on around to the window: pimp 
Aight shawty 
Ay, ay, ay, Joc, {, Whattup, Pak Man, } 
Cu-cuz out. There say he need two of dem thangs 
 {, Oh yea. He want TWO of'em } 
Yeah { Aight } 
Ay, Joc, {, Whattup }. You know the motto: { Yo, } 
Hustle by any means nigga~ 
HAAAAAH, 
 
First. I take they order like the coffee shop 
Then, I steam it up and cook it like the coffee shop. 
And then I sevre it out the window like the coffee shop, 
 
And. It ain't no returns at the coffee shop 
Man. I make that paper stack up at my coffee shop, 
One hit and they'll be back to the coffee shop, 
 
Yung, Joc, 
Hey, hey, ayyy, okay, 
It's just another day at the coffee shop, 
I grab them coffee beans, time to heat them, coffee pots, 
Turn the lights On J's rush, the parking lot 
This, the neighborhood's number one stop'n shop, 
No regular. We only serve the best 
Fo', the low-low, cheaper than the rest~ 
 
I'm takin orders tell me who's nextOnly cash, no credit, no checks! 
When. Your car stop! Welcome to Starblocks 
You wan na triple your knot, Invest in our stock 
And. Now we doin numbers just like the close-out 
Make sure to shop with me before it's sold out, 
 
Gorilla, Zoe, 
We cook it in the mornin, sell it during the midday 
Whip. The cream same color as ya, latte 
I tell em vamanos, that's rapido 
You need some mo' { } you go call Gorilla, Zoe 
You can get the co-ca if you got to get it green 
Columbian and I ain't talkin coffee bean 
12 to 12. There'S always someone on the scene 
Starblocks we get it out by any means: 
Coffee shop, the drop spot hand, the ham get my gwap 
Pocket stale ounce for ounce decaffinated off the top 
Rockstar rollin rocks piano keys, work, the block 
Welcome to Starblocks. We chop like the coffee shop: let's go 
See ..., 
, 
Yung, Joc, 
Ha, ah-ha, okay, 
Everybody on the block know my nickname 
When. You drop by just ask for whip game. 
 
And. All my money get counted when the shifts change. 
Then get 211 left by fo'-fifth manye 
If. You need the number 1-800-Starblocks 
Coca latte damned to make yo' heart, stop 
And, now the haters hot. So they run and tell the cops 
So. They shut this down, we'll set up shop on another block, 
 
Ay, Pat 
In. The South, where they can find this at 
 
When we on the West coast, where they gon', find us at 
 
What about up top shorty, where they gon' find us at 
, 
Ay, kids, please don't do drugs, 
Just, bring'em to me and I'll get rid of'em At the 
 
