Cold (Theraflu) Lyrics
by Z-Mane.


Alright, let me tell y'all what's about to happen.
My boy Z-Mane, he bout to go in on this Theraflu.
I'm talking bout murk this, just straight destroy this.
I'm a pass the mic to Z-Mane, y'all know what's about to happen.
Z-Mane, kill it, let's go!

Ok, these niggas need some theraflu, somebody called the doc.
Turn the A.C. up cause it's about to get hot.
Fire running down your spine, better stop and drop.
Man, the place is burnin', it's goin' down like Joc.
PlayStation niggas need to stop playin' them games.
You just a baby boy and, nigga, I'm Ving Rhames.
From the cradle to the grave, I'm a keep it 100.
While they playin' monopoly, I'm out 'chea gettin' money.
Started out 5 years old with my brother J.
10 years later, man, a nigga shinin' everyday.
Picture perfect, paint a perfect picture like Picasso.
I see a hater,  I think I'll call him John Doe.
Green is all I see, Rondo, heat.
it up like LeBron, though.
I'll start a riot then I'll start the convo'.
Use to rock them dickies, tall tees, and them fitteds.
Now I rock them snapback, chucks, and the shirt with the jockey in it.
Z-Mane, aka T-Double-B.
That mean the boy in blue, that's what the crew call me.
That nigga name Army, he military gang.
My flow is on super freak, and, nigga, I'm Rick James.
What up to Phillip Flame? What.
up to California?
While you tweetin' your girl, nigga, I telephone her.
I beat the beat up, naw, I put it in a coma.
No wonder I'm one of the best to come from Oklahoma.
Take a picture then put it on Instagram.
Little mama shaking that jelly, your girl shaking that jam.
You a phony baloney claiming that you go H.A.M.
I only mess with a few, only my homies and fam.
Ha! Doctor, please give these niggas some theraflu.
Run up on me and take a dirt nap, nigga, I'll bury you.
It's scary, dude, call me Dark Knight, but where the Joker?
Your girl on Facebook and she love it when I poke her.
Oh, did I just say that? Sorry,.
homey don't play that.
If you ain't talkin' bout getting money, you better stay back.
Now show me where the stash at,.
show me where the cash at.
And girl, you ain't talkin' bout money unless your back's fat.
Z-Mane, nobody better than me, mane.
I been keepin' it G since before I even had teeth, mane.
This the end of the Z-Mix, so click to the next song.
It's the boy in blue, and, like a ghost, I'm gone.

