Collapse Lyrics
by SwizZz.


Look 
Now I'ma make you think without confusing you 
It's obvious that your consumptions are consuming you 
See. I was molded by the pain that I maneuvered through 
Was, stuck in a time where common sense is so unusual, 
 
The world's burning, while your head's turning 
Bombarded by misinformation, ain't, nobody, learning, 
The, preachers, banking off your fear at the Sunday service 
Be wary of what You worship this shit is not about peace, 
 
There's, another dead body in the street. How could it cease? 
When war's, a fuckin business and the top is getting paid. 
And lies are televised to get the country to invade 
The water's contaminated there's poison on your plate. 
Every fuckin bite you take is expediting your fate, 
 
You're a slave to a broken system about to collapse. 
But. Your only concern is Twitter and who's. Following back 
Like who's. Mentioning me FTF, TBT, 
Did, you see my selfie with no filter posted on my feed. 
 
I have to take a picture of my food before I eat 
So. I can post it on my timeline, so everyone can see 
Gee. I got ten likes in twenty minutes. 
Gee I photoshopped another image. 
Gee these tits are fake. So is my ass 
But. The lighting from the flash makes it easier to mask 
 .
 It'S the shit. You take everything about you's, fake 
The life that you have to stage a price that you have to pay 
A front, that you have to build when everything's surreal 
Because. The shit that you purchase determines how you fuckin feel 
 
Sorry doctor. I don't need that. Fucking pill that you prescribed 
The side effects are worse than my sickness. I'M tryna stay alive, 
You're the real drug dealer in a white coat for disguise, 
Stacking profit off your patients, while the population dies, 
 
You should be tried for real, but I'm a little extreme 
So. Let me soften my approach, so you can get what I mean. 
I do my shit. I really do it. 
Baby watch me bring it back, though 
Ball sagging, what? If for That's cash flow, 
 
Catch me with a bad hoe, 
Bang watch the booty drop 
Told you she a bad hoe clean that pussy make it wop 
Make it wop make it wop, make it wop 
One time, one time 
Tell her. Let me give it to her one time: one time: yep 
 
Don't, be blinded by your desires, 
Turn your stupid ass TV off the planet's on fire, 
You're thirsty for a feeling that will never be acquired 
Until. You know yourself and you dig inside for something higher 
 
I-I-I-I-I'm SwizZle Box, 
SwizZzle Fox 
SwizZzle Pig, 
SwizZzle Cow 
SwizZzle, Bell, 
SwizZzle, Berry, 
SwizZzle, Stick 
SwizZzle, Bitch 
What, I'm SwizZle 
I am 
I, am nothing 
ZZz'd up, 
Hey, what's Kylie up to anyway 
Hey what is Kim up To anyway 
Tell me, I need to know 
Wake the fuck up
 
