Columbus Lyrics
by RuMeal.


I'm doing it all for my mom cause she stayed strong through the loss of my.
father.
I'm doing this shit for my people, my homie, my brother go hard for these.
dollars.
&amp; when they start mentioning something about money that's when I'm gon'.
work even harder.
Now I'm looking at all of you haters like damn, well the hell would you.
bother?
Is it, cause I'm destined to shine, like the city skyline in the night time.
Developing tight rhymes, converting the people who said they didn't like mine.
Now I'm on top of my shit, I strengthen my mind.
Whenever they're mentioning something bout millions I'll step up my grind.
I go for it all &amp; that's why I been working, I'm working so hard.
For all of you niggas pretending you got it, they know who you are.
But never the less I'm gon' keep pushing even if I fail.
Keep a smile on face through struggles so you could never tell.
If you listen to me you can simply see I'm changing a thief's dream.
Deep in waters of problems while paddling up stream.
I hope they know that I'm a get it til' there's nothing left.
&amp; no matter how far that I go just know I won't forget, that I'm.

Coming from a small town, tryna get it win it, I'm a grind to the finish, make.
reality of my vision.
Put my city on my back I'm a hold it down, let my people know I got us I don't.
fuck around.
&amp; tell me where the money go, I'm a chase it until there ain't no more,.
you already know.
Put the city on my back I'm a hold it down, let my people know I got us I.
don't fuck around yea.

I'm selected, had a marriage with my dream cause they told me that I'd never.
be the best man.
You slept in when I crept in now I'm hazardous my only poison is success as a.
weapon.
Wake up, I thought you knew by now that we never deal business with a fuck.
nigga.
The devil once was an angel just like me &amp; you, &amp; that's the reason.
why I could never put my trust in you.
The only man in the mirror I confide in, it's 15 minutes &amp; I'm right on.
timing.
While these niggas wanna stunt with a chick that everybody hit, I'm a keep on.
grinding.
That's some shit they'll never know though, you're supposed to keep it on the.
low when 50 taking photos.
But these niggas showing off all the things that they got, getting enemies.
before the see more hoes.
Wake up, wake up, I guess they don't know I just don't give a fuck.
Shut up, shut up, these bitch niggas gonna make me stunt.
Life's real it ain't fair hoe, you got to get it how you live get that gucci.
dinero.
You can't judge my life before taking a chance to live it, basically I'm.
telling you it's case closed.
You can't stop me I'm too cocky to cock block me, your girlfriend still call.
me papi.
I feel I'm living in a generation of wanna be Nazis I turn into a kamikaze.
Chasing til' there's nothing left.
&amp; no matter how far that I go just know I won't forget, that I'm.

Put my city on my back I'm a hold it down let my people know I got us I don't.
fuck around.
You already know, put the city on my back I'm a hold it down let my people.
know i got us I don't fuck around.

