Come On Everybody Lyrics
by Run-D.M.C..

Run Mic checka...
DMC Yes y'all, and I am...
The grand, imperial wizard.. D.M.C...
And you're listening to the sounds...
As we take you onnnnnn down...
To the lasssssssssssst STOP!

Come on everybody, let's all get down.

Run.
K-k-k-coolin  relaxin and we're coolin.
Rulin while we're schoolin ?? the teacher who ya foolin?
While in, trainin, your brain and foe are entranced.
I talk to tiny tots and just like Watson, Elementary.

D.M.C..
Back in eighty-two and three I made the word 'DEF'.
Gave life to the mic now you know liggity-left.
Riggity-right.
You was crappin in your Pampers now don't tamper with the king.

Run.
Baddest of the bad, I think of thickness here I come.
I get dumb  dumb  dumb dumb.
Here we go! HERE WE HERE WE HERE WE GO.
A lot  bitin  old style flow.
But up off the subject, you know I shut em down an'.
I think I seen em sinkin matter fact I seen em drownin.
DJ Run'll keep you guessin.
Here's a little tip, it's the Tribe for your Quest'n.
Two-seven and I'm representin, comin from HOLLIS.
Queens is what I mean, Ma.
Dukes is cookin COLLARDS.
Feelin like ??, and matched up sticks.
Down With the King, and we swing it on the mix.
Of a funky funky  b-boy sound.
So come on everybody let's all get down.

D.M.C..
Break backs, make tracks, take acts and wax a nigga.
That lacks take gats tap at the trigga.
D.M.C. you see I got a little bigga.
Jam Master Jay a with the zigga-zigga.
Produce, bamboost, let loose the sound.
No groups or troops could boo me down.
I slam and jam, command the land.
Don't give a damn they ban, my band will stand.
I come to you all knew my crew is true.
Do what I do, I do since eighty-two.
I got the rhyme, get mine, I.
got to climb.
I won't retire, get higher, I won't resign.
I'm here to stay okay won't fade away.
I'm movin past the past I last all day.
So here we go, I flow, you know the sound.
So check the show, and yo, let's all get down.

.. yes yes y'all, a we don't stop.

Run.
So come on and flip for me, grip and slip into a hipper tone.
Not on the dull your skull, cause Run'll rip a dope.
Snare on the tear, rare you never heard this.
This service served you well and I can tell you're gettin nervous.
Run, here it come, get some, it's on the diddy-dumb.
See a silly soft sucker down there ?? ?? of Run.
Rowdy then you're audi gotta go don't want to be us.
Torn then you're gone, WORD BOND, none can see us.
Hop-along on your way, skip-along little Skippy.
'fore I fly that box, me bust you all upper-lippy.

Q-Tip.
Tribe Called Quest, and you don't stop.
The Midnight Marauders, yeah you don't stop.
Phife Diggidy, yeah you don't stop.
Ali Shaheed, c'mon you don't stop.
?? ??, yeah you don't stop.
Check it on out, because you don't stop.
To my niggas out on Linden, you don't stop.
The hardheads in effect, you don't stop.
And to my niggas in Hollis, you don't stop.
All the kids up on Farmers, you don't stop.
And to my peoples uptown, you don't stop.
And all my peoples up in Brooklyn, you don't stop.
And all my peoples in the Bronx, you don't stop.
Zulu in effect, you don't stop.
And to my people out West, you don't stop.
A Run-D.M.C., gettin mad props.
Check it on out, thanks to Run.
And thanks to D, and JMJ.
We on the way, up to the top.
Never ever stop, gettin mad props, check it out.

Then I'm out like shout, ooh-ahh, ooh-ahh.
OOH-AHH, OOH-AHH! There it is Baby Pah.. - Leaders of the New School.

