Come Up Lyrics
by U.N.L.V..

{ Tec-9 } 
Well I'ma. Do it like this, I'm obligated to bust rap's and peel cap's 
For snap's. In order for me to let go my flow I gained from my 
Nigero, say five or six year's ago so know ya, got's to break 
All the bigger nigga's. Now, as I rome through my closet, 
I'm comin' up on a bag of trick's, I look inside to see what I can come up. Wit 
I found some shit. I got a K as my Glock, I'm the nigga. That'S in my hood. 
That can't be stopped. The older lady's, they fear me 
The, word - was out for lil' kid's, not to talk or come near me, 
I'm, on a stroll with my nina and my black glove 
Doin' a job. Now I rub a dub in the tub 
Now, I'm clean ready to pull another capper 
Hold up my face is on the front of the paper 
Now. They got's me on the run and I'm runnin' to they catch us, 
I'm, talkin' bout myself and my murderous murder weapon 
Down to the end till it's over give me the last shot 
Totally out of control, but what the fuck I'm goin' all out, 
Where they at Got to go, get'em Black beat that buster broke and 
I tell'em, I'm comin' back. This is not the life a player choose 
But. I get's down nigga for my fuckin' snap's 
Nigga's watch y'all back because ya know I'm on a come up: move 
, 
Nigga's, gettin', fuck, nigga's, gettin' stuck 
It's. All I know bout comin' up 

Now everybody know I'm a fool. That'S on a come up: move !
 {! 3X } 
 
 {, Lil' Ya, } 
Bitch. I thought'cha knew I'm from that 1-2-3 
From that Nolia still a soldier down with U.N.L.V 
Packin' steel, I'm fa'real ain't, no fakin' 
I'm in this business. For this green, that's what I'm makin' 
Got in to it with a nigga I had to tot my gun, 
Cuz in the ninety's. If you slip, you will get done 
So. Let me take ya on a fuckin' capper 

Called, my nigga Tec. He must be with Yella chillin' 
Writin', some rhymes or bout to do a killin' 
But fuck that money's on my mind, I'm bout to buck 
Slipped on the black mask and I didn't give a fuck 
I'm stuck robbed a nigga out two ki's 
B-32. It'S up. I was loaded off that sess and I was drinkin' Pluck 
Now, I'm on a come up. I'M strugglin', I'm strivin' 
Got to watch my back for them. Nigga'S who be robbin' 
I went on a spree, robbed a nigga for a G added to my fuckin' product. 
I'M scored my own ki rollin' in my Camry listenin' to that Tec, Groove and 
I'm strapped, because a nigga on the come up, move, 
, 
, {, Yella Boy, }, 
In, other word's, I'm stuck like Chuck. So you know I got's to buck shit 
It's bad! In my hood plus I'm down on my luck, 
The devil loose, it's shiverin' in a nigga blood. If I listen 
I'm a end and show no fear must run to my momma cuz. I need money fast, 
Cuz without money, you can't live. You can't last 
I heard some new clown across town was runnin' shop, 
Anything ya need they got so I'ma bout to plot 
Now. All I need is some power from a big gun. 
Now want's. I start I won't finish till they all done. 
Two hour's a day. I scoped the scene and them boy's packin' 
Well. They just don't know they better get ready for a nasty jackin' 
I'm down now, not for long, I'm from the old school 
A. Small point to these fool's I got to prove 
The game is cold. You own yo own is these fuckin' street's 
So on my own I'ma, put myself on these fuckin' street's, 
I'm, sick and tired of livin' life? Is these city blues 
I got to get my serve on ya, see I'm a come up: mvoe 
, 
, {, Magnolia, Slim }, 
Y'all done slipped lettin' me know where ya hang at 
Picture this. Now, when I come bangin', I know where to bang at 
Where my thang at because these nigga's ya got me pissed cuz 
Nigga's be comin', bangin' and missed them. Nigga'S, don't hit shit 
On the up fuck! That'S bad luck! 
When! You go around nigga set bangin' Mister Nigga 
You was suppose to pluck stuck got to watch yo back 
Cuz that monkey all on it. Catch ya, loose and paranoid 
Now them people got ya worried. I handle my business 
Full of that fire. Don'T give me no prayer? Don'T give me no, dare ya 
Bitch I'ma go in that! Well, you know what I mean that other level 
Passed the shovel then I'ma go dig is hole so he can go meet the devil. 
I'M done several that Daryl this Daryl that 
Put that boy head on a plaque people rat. So I scat's and find's 
One of my hoes house to chill by one that I live by and 
One, that's not afraid to die. So I lay back up by Ya who, up by the corner, 
Told Ya, that's where I wan na so long, a nigga, a boner 
Ya! Think I didn't all the time. I beat that ass down 
Now, I'm in another town nothin' like Uptown 
So, while I'm layin', big bad by a hoe. 
You know some o'l jinglin' nigga bust through the door 
I grab my gun, 
 
 { Ends with gunshots } 
 
