Come In Lyrics
by 3rd Bass.

Knock knock, knock, knock, come in, come in 
Knock, knock, knock, knock come in come in 
Knock, knock, knock, knock, come in 
Who's at my door, 
 
MC, Serch 
Come in to my cribbo, no reason, you'll say: ditto, 
No, tea and crumpets, not servin. You no vitals 
Little. One sit I'll kick to you. A fable, 
So recline on the recliner put your feet up on the table. 
Sable is a fox. That'S used for coats. 
The sable is a fable cause. You bought yourself a goat 
Skin, all in so ease up on throttle 
No role model and your life is out the bottle. 
The roll of the dice on the corner of the street 
You get beat on 123rd street 
Done by the system that ain't really sayin nothin new 
Your, kids flippin. So now what you gon na do 
Go home hell. No, she don't want you. There 
Why need a man or either work when there's welfare, 
Oh yeah, another scam, see 
The government's way to destroy the family. 
See life is a gamble, find the ball under the shell 
HELL. No, I kick two and make the dome swell 
Son. That'S the end. I hear the doorbell ringin 
And. If that's your pops tell the man to just come in 
 
* doorbell rings: * 
Oh, hello, dear 
Uahh, good morning.., 
Very, well, then..! Suppose you come over here. 
But first.., 
, 
Knock, knock, knock, knock come in come in, 
Knock knock! Knock knock come in come in 
Knock knock knock knock come in 
 {. I came in the door.. Rakim } 
 
Pete Nice 
Ask me why I wander on desert plains. 
I say the Cactus still grows without rain 
Plain to see from my horse without a name. 
I set it off still things ain't, the same 
A case of wasted life, inner city, blues 
Goods, for hoods from the merchant of grooves. 
I move your butts, but a question lingers 
I, look at my hands. I sees ten fingers. 
A finishin touch much on the TP 
Here, the Three-R-D and the blind see 
Why I flipped, and why I ain't with the Klan 
Which one. You say all truth and 
True indeed, y'all needs a speed. Knot. 
Knothead syndrome sets off piano, drops 
, {, *, Daddy, Rich cuts and scratches * } 
So. I please and step with Kool Poppa Sha 
Scopin every skin. Without a bra 
On the streets Kurious like Jorge 
Why, don't you make like Run and Pause 
Flaws in characters? Scrubs get done in 
I swing, it open y'all, so come in 
 
Knock knock, knock, knock come in, come in 
Knock, knock, knock, knock, come in, come in 
Knock, knock, knock, knock, come in, come in 
Knock, knock, knock, knock come in, come in, 
Knock, knock, knock, knock! Come in 
Who's at my door, 
 {, I came in the door.. Rakim } 
 {. I came in the door.. Rakim } 
 {. I came in the door.. Rakim } 
 {. I came in the door.. Rakim } 
 
