Coming Down Lyrics
by XEL.


Somebody tell me this is all a dream.
Hearin' the hollow screams coming from my soul following.
These milligrams in the bottle I been swallowing.
So that's what you been callin' clean?
What's the purpose of this life if you're a fallen king?
And I been losin' weight but lookin' sick as hell.
Cause I'm a rebel that's on the run, but they'll never book him in a cell.
And I ain't eating right, can't fuckin' sleep at night.
And I can't even see the road again but someday I wanna reach the light.
Thinkin' of jumpin' out of my car so I can have a little peace in life.
You can keep the house and keep the wife, guess that I don't need it, right?
Yes, my thoughts are raw, cause I would climb up to the top of walls.
But drop and fall, she thinks I'm crazy but addicted to my pain.
It's been inflicted on my brain, so we just sit here in the rain.
Like When's it gonna change?, shit, it never will.
If I don't heal this pain soon then I guess that I need some better pills.
Doctor tellin' me it may never be right again, so.
I live in the misery, but I will invite a friend though.
You, you like the indo, I just stand by the window.
My homies lookin' at me like Damn, where you been, bro?
In the underground, doin' what? Shit, nothin', try'na.
Figure something out, there ain't no smiles, just a bunch of frowns.
So much anger in my veins, could only punch the ground....
Guess that I'm coming down....

Somebody take me away, cause I'm runnin' out.
So much pain in my chest, can you pour me up another round?
My heart feel like when thunder pound.
Couple more that's in the bottle, then I guess I'm coming down.

?? the old soul inside of me is cold snow.
Like Curtis Mayfield, if there's a hell below, we both go.
I thought you broke though, still am and I coast low.
Thinkin' of reasons I should stay here when the ? low.
But fuck it, I ain't never coming back, see.
You fed me lies with those pretty eyes but kept the love intact.
So what's it matter though.
The menace in me was never some ?
Shattered soul, doin' everything I can to not be in that status quo.
Welcome to the Native and Mexican white rapper show, rap game McEnroe.
Servin' everybody with backhands, but I'm tired of life.
Still don't know why I write but if I had hype.
I would use it, and build an empire.
Vision blurred, hittin' curves, man, I've never been higher.
Prayin' to something I don't even believe in, walkin' in fire.
My life has fell apart, hangin' on by thin wires.

Somebody take me away, cause I'm runnin' out.
So much pain in my chest, can you pour me up another round?
My heart feel like when thunder pound.
Couple more that's in the bottle, then I guess I'm coming down.

Couple more that's in the bottle, then I guess I'm coming down.
Yeah, I'm coming down.
Can't keep doing this.
Cracking under pressure.

