Comin Thru Lyrics
by Russ.


Yeah see the difference between me 
And. Whoever fuck is tryna. Do this shit too 
I, don't need to speak for you to hear me. 
 
Yeah, the rewards of self belief have turned me into an addict 
Girls. Cheating being hoes has turned me into a savage 
Before. I knew I was a prodigy. I was still bringing havoc 
And my musics full of movies, all my shit's cinematic 
Sometimes. I feel insane sometimes my mind - should be padded 
I'm, just fucking up my walls, but I still build a palace 
Cause, there's more gold. In my mind than you can mine in the Earth 
Imagination flying free, my potential's, my worth 
Searching saying for the longest, I'm gon na be rich. Any minute. 
Rich is just a state of mind. Believe me, I'm in it 
Vanilla range peanut butter seats with the windows. Tinted 
That's the car I get my sister off these iTunes digits 
That watch says its coming. That car says I did it: 
I'mma drop a classic debut called I'm not finished 
And, I'm not fishing, but the money's swimming closer 
So. These hoes are getting thirstier tryna grab. My super soaker 
 
Yeah, move to the back Russ is coming through now 
Truth coming out what you gon na do now 
Looking at the mirror, like I do this for you now 
Looking at my family and my fans and my crew now 
Saying the same shit Like I do this, for you now 
Yeah, I do this for you now, 
 
Let me tell y'all something 
 
Yeah. Now, when you have everything, you don't need anything 
But when you have everything they're down for anything 
See, there's a lot of people who just look at you as a come up. 
So, they mistreat you. They see the ornaments 
They wan na. Take yours to hang. They own on they Christmas tree. 
I just believed you cause. I was raised with love. 
You thought I was the lick, but you ain't slick, 
See people change with love, try to take advantage 
Cause. They view it as a weakness like I'mma. Do whatever I want 
And. He won't see shit coming, but I peep bitch running 
Keep it moving with your basic ass 
Y'all small town. Hoes are all the same. I got ta plane to catch 
Might sign a motherfucking deal, 
Might buy some motherfucking wheels. 
But just know. If I offer you the lifeline, it's motherfucking real 
Unless, you DIEMON my family or my fans. Heres the plan, fuck'em 
 
Yeah, move to the back. Russ is coming through now 
Truth coming out what you gon na do now 
Looking at the mirror, like I do this. For you now 
Looking at my family and my fans and my crew now 
Saying the same shit like I do this for you now 
Yeah. I do this for you now. 
 
I'mma just talk shit, one more time: 
 
Yeah money right around the corner, 
I'm just waiting for the pick up. 
You call that shit a sixteen. I call that shit a pick up 
Listen to your songs, sounding like you give up 
Rappers sounding weak. I guess it's time for us to lift up 
This whole game cause Drakes the only one: who's fucking shit up, 
The, rest of y'all, hiding in the shadows like a ninja, 
But fuck. Your stealth Russ is making noise 
Turning up on myself, like what 
 
Yeah move to the back. Russ is coming through now 
Truth coming out what you gon na do now 
Looking at the mirror, like I do this for you now 
Looking at my family and my fans and my crew now 
Saying the same shit like I do this for you now 
Yeah. I do this for you now: 
 
And, I'm still fucking here, like
 
