Computers (Freestyle) Lyrics
by Yung G.


All these social networks and these computers, 
Got niggas posting pics with guns, But they don't shoot em 
Catch em in public now they actin, like they Neva, knew ya, 
Like nigga. Why? U? Freezin up? I thought? U was a shooter 
If? U see me on the block. I got my Glock wit me: ain't wit, the talkin 
You can come and get these shots. Pussy 
Fuck duckin beef im out here daily. U want smoke, jus, tell me I'll, send 
Lil bro up on dat mission bet. He won't fail me 
Call up them. Shootas best! Believe dey get to clappin fa me 
Pull up on ya, pull up on ya. I ain't talkin huggies 
Strapped wit that pistol. So if I was you, i wouldn't bug me 
Slide on my Gang them. Semi'S soak ya. Leave yo niggas soggy 
U got ta problem, pull up on 136th A.V.E 
I'll change that nigga, like a channel on a fuckin TV 
30, clip up on my side I'll. Let it blow 
I pull up on em rate, his pockets til. He broke 
My niggas, tote em, but dez clips ain't here fa show 
Don't do discussions. If I up it Ima score 
We catch a fraud up in the set We shoot em down, 
You get to wolfin. Then my 30 make a sound 
My Circle full of shootas. Goofyz ain't allowed 
You fuck. Wit, me: u d.i.e and thatz a vow 
Pull up gang can get it poppin. Like sum ex 
Roll up and poke em, I ain't talkin fingertips, 
Dem choppas spitten, if u on dat, lackin shit 
And? If? U think? U? Finna rob me think again: 
He talkin, tough! Until I took that pistol out, 
And have that goofy Catchin bullets, Tim Brown, 
Thatz, what you get fa, talkin shit! You ain't about 
Think, ima, joke I'll, have sum niggas to Ya house 
All, my niggas reckless Gang bitch? U know the movement 
Pull up on a fuckin stain. Have my drillaz screw em 
 
Catch me in the field: pullin Glock triggas 
All, my shootas, in the cut waitin to pop niggas 
Killaz wit me run up wrong. You'Ll lose ya top nigga 
Fto. I see a opp, I let the shots hit em 
Ain't hard to find I'm in the field, I'm wit my fuckin villains, said 
Dis before: u fuck wit, me: u get a hot feelin, my shortys bout, it rugas, 
Choppas bitch! We got em wit us so talk that shit. U was on Twitter to 
My face. I dare ya 
Creep up on em wit, dat, Glizzy yea. It'S fully loaded 
Put it to his head, get dem fuckin shots blowin 
30 empty. Now he leakin body, smellin musty 
Den, get up out that jam fore. The fuckin cops see me 
Free, my nigga dre up out the pin 
Yo niggas doin months, my niggas doin years 
U want beef, wit, FMFB nigga come and get it 
Dez, niggas totin, but ain't out here in the field wit it 
We, steady, Crusin tryna, find out Were dez niggas hidden 
I might be little, but my clip will up and burie niggas 
My niggas shootin 30's, not pool 
Niggas, think they Finna. Try me dey sum fools 
I get behind a tree and start to shoot. 
I feel like Rambo wit, that tool 
I'm in the field. Doin hits wit, my crew 
I ain't got ta tell em once they gon shoot 
We known to blow. Jus know that I ain't talkin flutes 
We'll Have a nigga Catchin shells jus, like the flu 
Don't run up on me Boy. You will get shot 
And. If, u got dat sack? U gettin, robbed. 
Fmfb me 
