Concrete Hell Lyrics
by 5th Ward Boyz.

Artist: 5th Ward Boyz.
Album: Rated G.
Title: Concrete Hell.

This is for all ma motherfucking niggas that's in the penitentiary.
All the ma motherfucking niggas that's on the row.
All the ma motherfucking niggas that trying to get muthafuckin bail.
That ain't born with the muthafucking police.
I ain't born in the muthafucking penitentiary coz a nigga escaped.
This for all them muthafucking niggas who on that muthafucking privacy union.
All the real gh niggas on the Darington unioun.
And real murdering age niggas on the coalfield union.
All them niggas thats on death row, niggas stay up.
Now peek what these muthafucking Fifth Ward Boyz coming from.

Checkers on my feet as I creep thru a long line of drugdealaz and killaz.
Thugz, riffers and hoodlums, og's and nooboots.
Lookin at me mean wanting to point a finger.
Thinking I'm comin behind these walls to be a winner.
They got me fucked up just because am black down and still a souldier.
Ain't gonna be one till am much older.
But these riffers got me caught up in a cross so I louse.
Callin some big pink muthafucker bouts.
Ain't that a bitch biatch I never thought that shit would go this way.
E-rock the stupid punk and 1995 slave.
I fold ma nuts coz these fingers got me trippin daily.
I made a shank just in case.
these foolz wanna fade me.
This lifestyle ain't much different from the hood so.
You can eat but pick the scars later on my throat.
I seen a bunch of niggas comin here like heroes.
I seen a bunch of niggas turned into some straight hoes.
Am too strong for a suicide.
I rather lay my timer like a jig unless they kill me.
Third block fifteenth cell.
Representing Fifth Ward, in this Concrete Hell.

You know these homes got me canned in a cell.
Never thought that I would be in jail for another nigga, but now I am.
And I can still hear the judge when he said 25.
See ma mamma cry now am fucked up inside.
Am in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Hoping it's a dream and I wake up at any time.
Only 17 when I came in now am 24.
Doing day for day I gots to do me 18 more.
Collect calls keep me talking to ma son.
Tell him daddy love him and I won't be gone for long.
Talk to all ma hoez and ma bitches and ma niggas.
Tell em sis a peach you know a nigga mission.
Tryina maintain keep the strain out ma brain.
Gotta box of game and a number for a name.
342036 is ma id number.
My head is fucked up coz the prison took me under.
A straight G looking up to the OG.
Tryin to beat game like the Gs before me.
And now am living life in a cell.
Trying not to lose ma mind, in this Concrete Hell.

I was sentenced to life without parole in a day.
Am sitting in my 6 5 8 with ma focus on half way.
The warden and the boss wants to show love nigga.
Aaron Hood nigga wants to show love.
But I came at ya, push ya, kiss a nigga shit.
Refresh the game around and let a nigga turn me bitch.
So I grab the anger with a slanger niggas thought I was crazy.
Mean mugging bitch couldn't change the way I acts.
Am falling yo am locked down harrased out.
Push me over to the edge, losing blood when I passed out.
The walls are closing in and am curling in a corner.
Silent, ready to cause a riot in a dialect.
A nigga gets stuck in this bitch.
Keep him catching a chase coz a murderer never never heard of ya.
Everybodys all for self, you can't do another niggas time.
Watch the shank and read the shadow line.
A nigga was just denied by parole.
So am down to do nigga in the hole for sure.
Flashbacks hit a nigga well.
320 stitches left but OG stranded in this Concrete Hell.

