Connie Hawkins Lyrics
by Unorthodocks.


I got a bag of agriculture as I watch a band of vultures.
Drag my culture through the desert picking meat up off the soldier.

Got the heat up on my shoulder, in the valley moving boulders.
They say it's colder at night but I can't tell the difference.
My Cold Vein made me sleep unwell as an infant.
I was limping through high school but I guess that went away.
I got a GED for everything I never meant to say.
I got my 'rents rent to pay, they got a brand new Sub'.
While I still fall short of hood rich by a grand or two.
Can't expand hand to hand so what a man to do?
When no man's with your plan when you ran it through.
Might end a warrior's career like Xanadu.
Not with the hammers man, strictly with the stanzas dude.
Goddamn, who planned to let this damn bonanza through?
Implanted with adamantium,.
you xannying crews.
Ain't zany, just insanely samey, now pay me my dues.
When I slay these rap tracks caps and craniums ooze.
Couldn't find iller animals in Iranian zoos.
Inhaling uranium daily til it's scaly and blue.
I'm iller than a Palestinian-Israeli dispute.
I'm iller than militaries killing and burring youths.
And I ain't sharing the trees if we ain't sharing the roots.
But there's no holds barred on what I share in the booth.
Idiots invite ignorance in and glare at the truth.
My style's unorthodox, like the way Marion shoot.
Carrying loot and I don't got a care in the world.
Gonna break off a little piece that I can share with my girl.
Never rest like the Middle East and she don't care if it's plural.
I'ma act a fool and break your backboard; Darrel Dawkins.
You ain't got shit to say then you should feel embarrassed talking.

Any beat you hear the kid getting on, he's rocking.
Til I'm in that fire city ring of honor; Connie Hawkins.

Jay Electronica.
Anybody that does any kind of music or art or something, you kinda-if you.
feel the enviroment that you in isn't conducive to what you're trying to.
achieve-you know or make, y'knowmsay'n-you... you leave.

