Conscious Or Arrogant Lyrics
by Unique.


This shit make me just wanna ride.
Reminisce when I had the morning appetite.
Apple jacks Tasmanian devil make feel right.
You wanna know what its like to live like someone trapped in there mind.
Thoughts he afraid to let out but should be heard.
Hell never learn he just.
turns up volume.
His value he underestimates contemplates what channel.
To turn it to next he.
wonders what life will turn into.
Cartoons and cereal comedies spam and beans.
Commonly lose sanity and vanity is all he sees.
This shit make him wanna sail the seven seas.
And get as far away as possible from the so called family.
Cable got turned off and there's no milk.
Now he can reflect on who he truly wanna be you wanna be?

Conscious or arrogant?
I had trouble on my mind but goodness in my heart.
Wish I could go back in time and make it so wed never had to part.
And go our separate ways lost in the middle of a daze.
But conscious I've become lord forgive me for my ways.
It feels like I'm being punished with guilt.
It feels like ill never be as fulfilled as I was.
Real love is a drug I can never get enough of.
Which added fuel to the fire.
Want to lecture me about my fucked up past? your preaching to the choir.

This shit, this shit, made me just want to ride, just want to ride.
This shit, this shit, made me just want to ride, just want to ride.
This shit, this shit, made me just want to write, just want to write.
This shit, this shit, made me just want to ride.

This shit make me just wanna ride.
Reminisce when i dint know what to right.
Cause I was talking shit I felt uncomfortable to right.
Now I never feel uncomfortable that's the biggest lie.
Growing up I was to shy to grab the mic.
And with the recognition a question who am I.
Came Up in my eyes you could see I didn't wanna reply.
I just wanted to hide I just wanted to fly.
So i built a nest on the couched and poured up.
Still feinding for more love the fire continued to grow.
Lies continued to show And all i got to show for it is no more love.
I hope your pleased with yourself Tyler.
Actually I'm tired, of people sleeping on me.
Cable got turned off and there's no milk.
Now he can reflect on who he truly wanna be you wanna be?

This shit made me wanna decide which path to take.
Good or bad, which wrongs to right which people to thank.
Which people to apologize to I want to pay my dues.
It feels like my soul is at stake I was fake.
Ignoring all the problems visible around me.
Many things would of changed if your feelings found me.
They say nothing lasts forever people change like the seasons.
I had to leave for many reasons that I've tried to explain.
My dad was insane and I stopped praying.
My grandma then died I had no pain.
At first, looking back I'm ashamed.
She was on a road to sickness and I think I'm in the same lane.
I need you now more then ever wait.. what the fuck and I saying.
I don't even believe you need me anymore you went on to better things.

I don't blame you I want to thank you.
You gave me the understanding to make this choice you saved me girl and I'm.
grateful.
Ill never stop loving you but I had.

