Contraband Lyrics
by VI Seconds.


For, the next four minutes, 
We're gon na - do some roleplay 
I'm gon na be a drug. Lord 
Here's, my story, 
 
Contraband, Contraband, 
I'm, counting' bands from sellin' this contraband 
I'm wearing foreign shit, I'm walkin' contraband 
They want a Nigga gone for all this contraband 
 
And. I'M kickin' something foreign wait: 
Foreign weight crack, fuck your debate, 
El Chapo with a hot flow hostile, 
Greedy children. From the way I hoard the cake, 
 
See the way I came back on my shit, 
Feens knockin' from the moment that I package the shit 
White girl for their noses 
The sweet smell of Miley. You know this 
 
I can build a crib with the bricks. I'M movin' within' the street 
Not a worry bout', a thing police aren't gettin' me 
I'm, calling the shots, slick and calm as a fox 
You fuckin' with the money. Then I'm palmin', a Glock 
 
I'm armed and I pop. But if I don't really wan na' 
I'm, sending out my Lil' Niggas to bring you the drama, 
Never learned to give a fuck more 
This is day by the day in the life of a drug. Lord 
 
Contraband Contraband 
I'm counting' bands from sellin' this contraband 
I'm wearing foreign shit, I'm walkin' contraband 
They want a Nigga gone for all this contraband 
 
Years later demand in my sections, 
Insane Niggas know this man is a legend 
Caught, a couple bodies off of Niggas Rob me 
If. Anybody saw there's no recollection 
 
Hush. You don't want me to let this 
Bust, it's known that I'm wreckless 
Just know if ya man didn't make it 
Trust, no retaliations 
 
Till the day that a couple of haters 
Tried to claim my life cause. I'M getting my paper. 
They came up the palace guns, a blastin', 
The balls. I was shocked like the effects. A taser 
 
Niggas on the roof. Takin' aim with a laser 
Shootin to kill thoughts of death. Don'T phase em' 
Guarding, the income offin' these fuck boys 
Shit. You got ta deal with living as a drug. Lord 
, 
Contraband Contraband 
I'm, counting' bands from sellin' this contraband 
I'm wearing foreign shit, I'm walkin' contraband 
They want a Nigga gone for all this contraband 
 
Here. I relax amongst the bodies. 
Don'T give enough of a fuck for sorries 
I lost some soldiers, but I'll buy some more 
Cause ain't. Nobody satisfied with being poor. 
 
I got coke all in my mansion, 
Coke. All in my mansion, 
I got coke. All in my mansion, 
Coke, all in my.. Wait hold up 
 
Now. I wonder how these Niggas knew just where to show up 
An inside job makes all the sense 
Cause everything that's happenings an easy blow up. 
Let me slow up Cause. I can't think when tense, 
 
Let's check almost got robbed a while back 
And. They knew my layout, which means a rat 
Is amongst my soldiers within my pack 
And, if it's fucking with profit. I ain't fucking with that 
 
Contraband Contraband 
I'm counting' bands from sellin'. This contraband 
I'm wearing foreign shit, I'm walkin' contraband 
They, want a Nigga gone for all this contraband 
 
Ten hut. I wan na hear no noises 
Cause' one of y'all amongst us is bringing us poison. 
So spill. I wan na know just who got the issue 
Cause. I got a .45 that'll be happy to split you, 
 
So, which one of you has to need to 
Plot and bit the same hand that feeds you 
I noticed a gone face that wasn't deceased 
And. It hit me the face of the one released: 
 
The, the phone rang .... So it's you Ricardo, 
You, know what I do. Why be retardo 
I, fed and paid you. You had no needs 
But. I guess it happens. When Niggas got greed, 
 
Heh my Nigga you're funny 
You took my brother, I'm taking your money 
Don't chase. Cause' problems are what you're beholding 
The cops are gon', be there in only a moment: 
 
Contraband Contraband 
I'm, counting' bands from sellin' this contraband 
I'm wearing foreign shit, I'm walkin' contraband 
They want a Nigga gone for all this contraband 
 
Everything that I've worked for 
Whipping. In the kitchen, from a sophmore 
Gettin' taken away at the end of this day, 
Cause' a snake Nigga chose to act, softcore, 
, 
Whoop, Whoop, and so it starts 
All because of a bonapart 
Someone. I took in with generous eyes 
Coming in only to plan my demise 
 
Heh. That'S how the story goes. 
When paper cometh, some homies go 
I got to be a god. In this era, 
But trustin' a peasant, The largest of errors, 
 
Fuck it I built this empire 
And ima' stand by until I expire 
And. So I approach as cops shoot at my gang 
So. If I got ta go, ima' go with a bang, 
 
Contraband Contraband 
I'm, counting' bands from sellin' this contraband 
I'm wearing foreign shit, I'm walkin' contraband 
They want a Nigga gone for all this contraband 
 
And. Here I lay 
In a fucking pool of blood 
That's. What I get for trustin, a Nigga huh, 
Fuck, it
 
