Crack Spot Stories Lyrics
by Wu Block.

Raekwon  {Ghostface Killah}.
Yeah, yeah  What is it, nigga? {Let me get a sip of.
that}.
, light that) That's that super black, nigga.
{Aiyo, turn that tv up}.
{Martin is on, right now, Martin on}  {We need new batteries for that.
remote, though}.
{Yeah}.

Ghostface Killah.
Henny bottles everywhere, smelling like 'yac.
Bagging crack, sitting in the kitchen, wearing my mask.
Robe on, tailored made in Italy, new Gucci denim.
One slipper on, Brookstone, cushion.
In the barn, number seven,.
hugging my neck, yo, Kiss, yo, Rae.
Tell that yellow bitch I got next.
She fucking with robbers, don't wanna hear her pussy sore like Tasha's, this.
is Starkers.
Crumbs hitting the floor, fiends clicking they bic lighters.
With Garfield eyeballs, pulling them all nighters.
Give me fifty push ups, give ya'll a little piece.
Faggots did a dime, niggas too weak.
For fun, shove a Suzy Q in they face.
Let 'em smoke a rock with cake on they head in the gate.
He might die with a stem on him.
Who give a fuck, I'm Larenz Tate on 'em.

Sheek Louch.
Crack spot stories, he put a kilo in the pan.
I was about to break his hand until it came back tan.
He dancing around the stove, Starks chilling in his rob.
My hard knock life, I could of wrote that for Hov'.
Shorty, give me a ginger ale and dutch masters.
Matter fact, hand me the phone I'm bout to order Casper's.
Fiends at the door, I'm too lazy to let 'em in.
Turkey sandwich, barbecue chips, ESPN.
Sitting on the couch, I'm just trynna do the match.
She got ten polo shirts, all she asking for is half.
Today was a good day, no one got shot.
No police or none of that, that's how it is in our spot, yeah.

Raekwon.
Pyrex boys fronting in Rolls Royce's.
I'm on the iPhone, leg.
back, examining choices.
Two types of coke, we in.
the bathroom, voting.
We like 'take it',.
helicopter waiting, we.
boating, yo.
Gangstas to the death of it, humbling villains.
A good hand chemist in twenty minutes, cake up and finish.
This for the hallways, the long days, me and my whore, bagging up.
Shorty more razors and bring out the four aces.
Sit back, laughing with a stack and a clapper.
She spray up everything, we paying Pataki.
Drug house with no work there, the worst fear is never the thirst, yea.
But set up for to the first of the thirty first, disperse, yeah.
Beef, what, bring me a burger, ya.
The flame broilers jump out, one to your first beer.
So take that, over there.
Everything, everything, just stay out of max clear.

Jadakiss.
We got the trays up in 6E, that's usually where the God be.
Me, Kay and J-Bop, Cali J, and Rod Lee.
Bread clocking, all night, the heads knocking.
No feds, just Kevin Tighe or west watching.
Bagging up at the table, while we chit chat.
Past the Phillie, wash.
your hands 'fore you hit that.
Young niggas getting it, everybody G'd up.
Other niggas only made sales when we read up.
Motorola flip, burn out in the beeper.
White Katie and Rhonda, Stacey and Shaniqua.
Yeah, cocaine, weed and forties.
That's when I was a shorty, crack spot stories.

To Allah be the glory.

