Crank Lyrics
by SwizZz.


If, I told you once I won't be back to say I told you so 
Faith is all it takes: pay attention, nigga watch the growth 
Droppin' out of college made a gang of people, mad 
They was stressin'. Now they reppin' proud. I took the fuckin' chance
 
That's right little nigga SwizZzle, it's official 
Get on board like a rebound or swallow
a roll of nickels 
The rich is gettin' richer and those riches never trickle 
Unless. You take the path, including a mask and a pistol 
It's very difficult to recognize. The real 
Your congressman's corrupt, he's too busy cutting deals, 
They're propagating bullshit and lying to pass a bill. 
See. The bank just took your house while he's sitting on a Mil 
I guess nobody gives a fuck. 
If shit doesn't affect us if it ain't about a buck. 
We gon' keep our mouth shut said. I'M tryna bust. This nut 
Pull that ho with a big ol' butt and tell her to back it-back it up 
Adressin' the system won't get you to listen. So I'mma get back on my bullshit 
They needed somebody to come out. The clutch and then SwizZzle was pulled out
the pulpit 
Now that I'm on, like your favorite, show. 
I got fans that get buck in the very first row. 
I see, niggas is schemin' for reasons unknown 
May be hate, may be envy. I'M lovin' em, both 
So. I embrace it cuz you're a fuckin' joke 
And. I can sense the desperation every time you post 
Attention' cravin', quit complainin' worry about your self 
Tryna build your name off. Someone else will never fuckin' help. 
 Listen jealousy is for the bitches bitch 
If you're lucky. I might let you kneel and kiss the SwizZzle stick 
Word to DJ hoppa cause he's scratchin' like his nipple itch 
I had to break it down, because some niggas, like that simple shiiiiiit
 
Shit, I got what you need: 
A loony nigga with firm beliefs, I'm a different Breed 
I took the college route. I didn't have to run the streets 
I'm blessed to be a blessing for everybody that I can reach 
Cause. Now, I'm in this bitch, like a vibrator 
Turn, the music up fuck, my white neigh's 
Noise complain. This noise complain that 
Yea yea who's, making a liquor, run to get the jack 
 Good. There'S a message in the bottle 
Or. At least I thought there was so I was passing'til. I toppled 
Seeing double laying on the pave kissing, potholes 
Blacked out, not knowing. If I'm gon na see tomorrow 
Man I'm such a big deal, Groupon 
I scramble eggs, butt naked with my shoes on 
You piped the duck and got the clap two palms 
Now. Your shit is leaning like a noodle udon 
Y'all Marvel at the one's that gossip 
I marvel at corporations that kill the triple profit. 
They'Ll do anything to bath their motherfucking pockets. 
While. We sit back and watch it assuming it's not a problem. 
My flow is Ernie. Barkley Kenny TNT 
It's hard for people to keep up like hoes with double D's 
You could use a couple pillows to protect your knees. 
They could be useful because that's where you are most of the week 
And get your ass up and do something 
You tweet about it, but prove nothing. 
And grew accustomed to frontin' and livin' lies 
Talk is cheap, but you oblige 
Beneath it all you're down and out. You run your mouth to help your Pride
 
I'll. Give you a second to sit back and listen and soak this all in 
If, you're, sipping, you're tripping! Don'T act like a gimp and get with it
 
Go hard, like you're, ready to win 
Got a drink in my cup. It'S about to get handled, 
I'm, not baby sippin'. I came here to binge 
If. You feel, like I'm feelin', then toes to the ceilin' 
We bout to go ham like a string on a limb
 
