Crazy Lyrics
by Swifty McVay.


I be rule things cuz my moves, swing on paperbel 
I'm, Dr. Jeckyl and Dr. Jeckyl 
And. I don't hide from the popo 
They tried to spot a nigga like freckles 
Psychiatrists, be sneaking phone calls for them to catch us 
I used to walk the streets like a zombie 
With, a live and vibrant hungry called me. Ganja 
Couldn't calm me 
I'm known for taking vodka to AA meetings. 
Then I dipped to give a nigga a sip. While we was peeing, 
And, Swift, ain't. Listening to you speak 
Till, your people at meetings, giving em speeches 
On how they used to drink 
I been at the brink of insanity, 
I'm still living at 357, Amityville 
Come and visit me 
My. Father handed me, gats. We chilling in the backyard 
Having target practice and we aiming at the bats 
Living a Gothic childhood. My entire were gray and black 
I left at 17 and never come back. 
 
I stay grouted in the motherfucker 
 
The streets turned me into a monster 
 
And. When you see my gat you're, cardiac 
, 
You niggas never make your money back. 
 
And! If you selling sex you running at 
, 
I considered the murder Armagnac 
 
Your life is fiction, and this is fact 
 
And. I ain't caring. If the prison's packed 
 
A lot of niggas hate me 
And daily, I'm awakening to the smell of narcotics. 
While niggas is shaking 
And. They waiting for they fixes 
I'm cleaning. My biscuits 
I done caught a contact in crack 
But still resisted it. 
It really was funny how niggas thought I was a dummy 
And. I couldn't handle it. Taking advantage of my money, 
Was hating conformation, I'm taking medication 
And, they thought I wasn't paying attention. 
To conversation 
And yeah. I heard them saying I was crazy. 
Outta my mind shady and my gauge ain't. Never away from me 
They see that the demons come out in the day as well as night. 
It'S, nothing stand in the way of the psychopathic juggernaut, 
Whether the streets or in the house. 
You can get shot faster than syringes 
I'm, not giving prescriptions. 
Stop calling me father, I'm psycho ward's finest 
You ain't, a threat, I'ma promise, I'm out my mind: 
 
It's, the indoctring of a madman, 
Son of Sam, put his hands 
On any pedestrian, 
Touched again I'll, be damned 
Piling. Your dead body up in your garbage can 
And. If it is then never doubt that I dropped it, there, 
You can smell it in the atmosphere. When death is near 
Medicin cabinets feel with shit that doctors, fear 
They, say I'm talented man, but felon immigrants 
In my hand. They found a screw big as a can, and I am touched 
It's like being in Pakistan with laced blunts 
A deranged fuck living life like a great nut 
As far as my slut every day, she's covered with duct tape. 
I lay her in my basement and I bust up. 
And guess what They scared of my DNA 
They locked me for reproduction, but I freeze my cum anyway. 
All I need is some bottles of Bombay 
Some rags and some matches 
Just to slam you wherever you stay. 
 
