Criminal Minds Lyrics
by Sy Ari Da Kid.


I, look the knife and slit his throat 
Like a chef would steak. 
This shit is wild cuz. We was cool just yesterday, 
Bag on the floor with all the cash and the diamonds 
Thirsty had a look in his eyes, all demonic, 
And. All in time, and next thing you know it 
Thirsty shot, Illa 
Tony, shot, Thirsty, 
I shot Tony. While he shot me 
Who'd a thought B, 
I woke up this morning, 
That I was gon na die today. 
Let'S start from the beginning: 
Yeah 
Criminal minds, 
Criminal thoughts, yeah 
I, woke up, starving, 
Brushed my teeth and got something to drink. 
Turkey bacon and waffles then made a run to the bank 
A little deposit. Just for my bills to withdraw 
How. Can I profit when I'm working just to say I ain't got it 
Waiting in line white man in the front taking his time 
Cuz. He knows that. He'S rich and I ain't making a dime 
Shit, can't just recline cuz playing it safe, just ain't designed to get us paid 
So, I'm thinking of crimes 
That's. When I pulled out 
Put the 38 to his spine, 
Told, the teller to show me her hands, 
Empty the register 
Bag full of hunneds twenties, a bunch of fifties, 
Used the crack ass as shells 
Told, the cop he's coming with me, 
When n*ggas turn criminal. They don't go back, 
I didn't come to kill nobody, but they don't know that 
My eyes made the cops put his gun down 
Fuck it I'm on the run now 
I'm getting nervous thinking about my son, now 
But, It's too late for all that soft shit, 
I'm Driving fast but cautious, 
Feeling nauseous becoming exhausted 
Heart racing like Usain Bolt 
You, get that feeling in your legs. Like you can't walk 
It's like you got a lot to say, but you can't talk. 
You'Ll do whatever it takes to get these bills past due paid off 
So i pulled over to a safe location. 
Then. We slowly set the car on fire, so the jakes won't trace them 
Then, we changed clothes and guess what was next 
He winked at me. As I gave him, his cut then left 
Criminal minds, 
Criminal thoughts, 
Yeah 
I woke up the next morning with the cockiest smirk 
Ain't feeling guilty cuz fuck it ain't, nobody get hurt, 
There's only two things to life: 
Either you lose or you win 
And. Since I came up, I might as well do it again 
That's how my enemies became my role. Models 
I, make a play and want more 
I tried to gain, but this game is so hollow. 
Got, a phone call white man hit me. He got another plan. 
Five man job we each walk with a couple: grand 
Hit, my mans Tony and Illa 
You, see Tony a dealer. 
But yo Illa shit, homie a killer, 
And Big Thirsty was the get away, driver, 
He whip the vans like coups and keep the hands on demand like Snoop, 
My man. Like you, I fear no man 
Born and raised a poor man 
That's. Why? My heart colder than the snow man yo 
Anyway, we at the meet up spot 
To, speak on how we gon na re-up to flee from cops 
You see. What'S not gon na happen is 
Any mistakes or accidents, 
Playing Grand Theft, Auto for practicing 
Now. The plan is to run up on this Russian dude next 
Gun. In my sweats, like who wan na play Russian Roulette 
No regrets n*gga. I know what it takes 
Riding to his place for that money and the diamonds in the safe 
We straight Tony cut off surveillance. 
We are preparing to make our move 
Waiting for that call for clearance 
Got. The call now 
Illa knocked the front guards out 
Now the other guards coming with their guns, all out 
See. What y'all about to witness is 
How. The victims is 
Not the suspects or witnesses. 
Where images of death, flashing 
He, put the shooters in place 
Then. He quickly hit the room with the safe 
That's. When I moved him away 
Too in his face y'all two minutes late, 
Told him type, the combination 
I'm losing all my patience 
As the door opened. I noticed the safe was empty 
See. Now I'm feeling kinda played and I ain't so friendly 
As Satan in me shot him right in his calf 
I'm screaming at him. Like 
What happened to the diamonds and cash 
He said a white man just robbed him and dashed 
About. Two minutes before I arrived, and I was two minutes late 
Okay, it's time to ride side to side 
Maybe, I should go, get a 9 to 5 
Fuck. It. I'M thinking homicide 
Rent-A-Cop to nine 
Told Big Thirsty, meet me about a block away. 
Tony your in-law already at the spot 
Okay this cracker gon na die today. 
This cracker gon na fly away. 
My fortune is gon na fry. His face 
 Gon na put him inside his grave 
Tony hit me like Big, get out 
Said. He saw the white man leaving setting off a bomb in the house. 
Now I'm running like I got extra legs 
As. I escaped the explosion. I know we thinking. I was left for dead 
Now we speeding in the wind. We know we ain't live 
In. The way Thirsty drive. We gon na beat him to his crib 
We waiting in his living room pitch black 
Big straps, fully loaded with the kickback 
I, hear him walking up the stairs about to open the door. 
Fucking snowstorm, it ain't nothing colder than war 
That's when he walked in and hit the lights 
Soon, as he saw me tried to run but Illa hit him twice. 
I, look the knife and slit his throat 
Like a chef would steak. 
This shit is wild cuz. We was cool just yesterday, 
Bag on the floor with all the cash and all the diamonds. 
Thirsty had a look in his eyes, all demonic, 
And. All in time, and next thing you know it 
Thirsty shot, Illa 
Tony, shot, Thirsty, 
I shot Tony. While he shot me, 
His was a head shot. Game was over 
Tried to hit me in the head, but it grazed my shoulder. 
I pick up the bag and hit the hallway 
Then. I heard a Russian voice say: 
This is your day: 
Then he
 
