Crowd Goes Wild Lyrics
by WordPlay T.JAY.

Speaking: T.JAY.
This for all my 80's babies.
This for all my 90's babies.
With intentions to go CRAZY.

This for all my 80's babies.
This for all my 90's babies.
With intentions to go CRAZY.
You got nothing to lose baby.
The crowd goes wild x4.

In a crowd of pretty people, smoking marijuana.
Although we having a party we all sitting by loners.
Those some really nice shorts, underneath them I want ‘em.
Got an interview tonight don't need to get your number.
Had one, hell of a summer, Now it's, time to unwind.
Like unpacking Christmas lights I'm tryna see if I shine.
We all intertwined but none are brighter than mine.
And if you starting to fade just know I'm still on my grind.
Just know I'm speaking these pictures and painting some pretty scriptures.

And fascinated with figures who love taking up pictures.
Keep fixing her lip gloss itching for me to kiss her.
All this media coverage, she wanna meet with a nigga.
Cuz my name is getting bigger than a time square billboard.
All these silly posers got more acts than the Fillmore.
People wanting to feel more death to Top 40.
She can be a fan of Drake but take off her top for me.

I'm picking positive vibes we all listen to Tribe.
Surrounding me with Bonitas who all gotta be fine.
They don't have to be nines but better know a good time.
Rock a couple shows I'm tired of talking in rhymes.
I'm needing someone to witness this J-D when I hit this.
I'm Jay-Z when I spit this, mixed up with some Lupendous.
This one is so stupendous, to church is where I send this.
Because everything that I speak is just like a new religion.
I'm thanking God for my visions while dodging up all these Christians.

Who're trampling through the mud but talking about my business.
Uh, who knew that I was a menace.
Don't care about an image I'm so sick of all this pretending.
With flows thicker than Guinness, deserving all of this friendship.
I had to leave New York because it didn't fit with my vision.
There is more in me than a prism I'm trying to show you my colors.
Want to get to my life but got to break through the rubber.

There's so much more than what you can see.
There's so much more than what this can be.
Let's see ya hands can you feel it?
Let's see ya hands to the ceiling!
Vamp: x4.
Let's see ya hands can you feel it?
Let's see ya hands to the ceiling!

