Cruising USA Lyrics
by Blanco.

.
Yeah, I'm into finer things, I'm into buying things.
And I don't mean just to so I can say that I'm a Cali king.
I got my ? on, Nike's on, feeling like I'm right at home.
Colder than the ice up in my styrofoam.
I know the feds want my iPhone.
But I'mma grind untill they throw me and that iron hole.
And when I get out I'mma get it tenfold.
And when I get it I'mma kick it in the door.
And everything life has to offer.
But life is cheap so it'll cost you.
I got some skeletons in my closet.
Some motherfuckers tried to rob me now they in a ?.
That's a message if you're plotting.
Conscious, ? my revolver.
I got some hungry ass lawyers.
The type it take to build a case and beat the shit for you.
.
Smoking in the Bay so Jackie give me the K.
Funny thing, I was a jacker back in the day.
Run up in the spot with the trey pound.
Everybody lay down.
We got it cheap, 20 for the K now.
I don't give a damn if your man wrong.
Told you that if your mans strong.
Eating roasted crab out in ?.
Try to open your eyes in a sandstorm.
That's like seeing ghost, loading guns and ? coke.
I'll shoot you and take your herb cause I need to smoke.
I'm a gangster 'til I die cause I took the oath.
Tell Blanco, homie, go on the console.
Roll the cookies up, show them niggas how the dons roll.
Drinking ? 'till your minds blown.
Spending money, having fun, so the time's flown.
If you ain't got no money get your grind on.
And I don't need diamonds to keep the shine on.
.
As I get blowed smoking Keisha Cole.
Unravel that pack of weight, twist 'em like a pita roll.
Dope prices for me to know, for you to buy.
I supply 'em, distrubute.
Bills to the sky, gotta get this loot.
Summertime ride, gotta get that coupe.
? brew.
Skimask on ?.
Came for the money and the ice, if you play with you life.
Motherfucker, you could lose that too.
Yeah, nigga you could lose that shoe.
Got a clean '82 all blue.
And I put it on bold.
The hustling and the pimping hoes, man, that's all I do.
All I want is dope and weed.
Shoot my niggas out to Vegas, let's go blow some cheese.
Hoes gone play that hokey pokey up that sour dough.
We past ? AM, they dusting cocaine up their nose.
My nigga, all I ever wanted was some dope and weed.
I'mma sold my strip up, pick a bad bitch up and go blow some cheese.
She pop up that pussy as I sit back and smoking platinum kush.
That's how I play it, it's amazing where this game she took it.
.
