Cul-De-Sac Lyrics
by Zoetic.


Zoetic'S gunna kill this one ... 
 
Only trust a few friends. Try to make a tight circle cause a secret. They can
keep boy, 
No rest for the wicked got ta always watch my back. I hold my pistol when i
sleep boy 
These rocks on my neck, be like the asteroid belt: black diamonds, ain't cheap
boy 
Beef in the pot 
Just to thicken the plot 
Anonymous tip to the cops 
Cause they heard. Gunshots 
I was in the trap, spot cookin' up the rocks. 
Throw the bread on the ground watchin', all the birds flock 
Ridin' round in the whip. Nothin' is stock 
Tints on the window, all eyes on me, like pac 
Ballin out, like i'm Chris Paul clippers guard 
You a pussy when you rap needa get yourself some snicker bars. 
But, as for me, i be comin' up wit: wicked bars, 
Throwin' fire like a wizard runnin' on this jawn wall, 
Zac of all trades, the young hit maker 
Take more shots than kobe from the lakers gettin' paper 
If. You a fiend, then hit me cause. I got what you need: 
But, don't trip cause, i'm strapped wit. That rocket yao mean 
Beastin' like spike on the beat i'm like a wolverine 
Freeze. The fluid in both knees d rose on the scene, 
Bust the Rondo cause. You know its all about the fuckin' green 
Attitude Lebron James imma go and carry the team 
Yup 
Theres nothin', you can say boy: 
Couldn't kill me wit, any kind of gun that you spray boy, 
Turn yo pockets into bunny ears. I'M like a playboy 
Im, the master. You, my dogs, i tell them bitches stay boy, 
Now go fetch it gim me paw sit down. 
Actin reckless, chainsaws, sit down. 
When i touch ground. I greet it wit. A fist, pound 
Fifths round, buy the whole bar a couple rounds. 
F you comin' wit that yak. I hit ya, misses wit them clip rounds 
Lookin' at you, laughin' who's, the muthafuckin' bitch now 
Three mixtapes bodied. I deserve a fuckin' trips crown 
Why, you mad Cause, i'm buzzin' and i got that mixed sound 
Say. You keep movin' forward my ass, you in a standstill 
All, you shit, you talkin', get you found in a landfill 
Deaf to the haters im swingin', like Matt Hamill, 
Give em, a toe tag to match his nike sandals 
No button on me bruh. I serious! Never can chill 
Have a black bitch drown. You in the tank like landfill 
Throw, you in a dumpster, 
Leave ya body, wit, punctures 
Let, the chopper bring the thunder. 
I bet, one'll, do a number 
On ya, arm leg, leg, arm dental arteries and torso 
Spell it out. I want alladat, hang you by a cord, so 
I, don't fuck, wit, you a little minuscule or even morsel 
Black magic wit. The pot ingestin' souls till i'm immortal 
Cannons blast barrels, flash come and take a fuckin' photo 
Comin' for ya, stash 
Stuff ya body in the dash 
Like, a car collision crash 
In the dead end like a fuckin' cul-de-sac, 
Real rap 
Gun charge still strapped 
Actin gassed cause. These trap boys rappin' all about the crack 
We ain't havin', none of that NA 
 
