Cunnulingus Lyrics
by 57 Pixels.

He's needs vary when the lights turn on.
It's bright and warm, he has no paper so.
He writes them on, his petty white ass palms.
He's ready to light them off.
So he makes a tape, that shakes the place.
The fear erased his face, and his mind straight goes blank.
A great mistake was letting him think he's great.
You lames would say that he remains elate.
But right now it's a miracle; a light pound individual.
Flows so deep he might drown in a swimming pool.
Like wow you're so lyrical.
And your rhymes sound never minuscule.
Then he wakes up to climb out of his pinnacle.
I should of been next, this is Julian's best.
The good and the rest, I would of been in a pool of debris.
A list full of fantasies, let me ponder this.
God walked out randomly; left me fatherless.
Buddha said can't handle me, guess that's honest shit.
Got me finishing off a vodka fifth, bet that's provocative.
But no one could ever be stopping this, monstrous.
Light skin whose skill is as big as Lochness tits.
Wait, wait.
Red appearing wrist with an olive skin tone.
I've been called a failure ever since I've been born.
The phrase, Get thrown. has been been thrown down more than windows.
But now I get more looks than when I wear women clothes.
Yo, they said they my word play needs work.
And I'm not sucking a tionary's Dic til my knees hurt.
Gentlemanly, ladies say I'm sweet like dessert.
But actually like Joe, my life will be Dirt.

Blast mags in your ass til you're see through.
I'm not kidding unlike Shady I don't need Proof.
Permanent tear drops don't mean I speak truth.
I see you, bruised up and bloody like a fist fight.
I'm an asshole, that's why people say my shit's tight.
I spit right, I mean wrong at your bitch wife.
I quit life but it's clinging on like twist ties.
I've been given some easy free throws.
At life, but this weight of the world on my shoulders makes the pain in my.
knees grow.
Please though, let's be honest.
There's a much of les' on us.
It's best when stress sis less upon us.
And I can't wait to be wrecking stardom.
It sucks that our world needs a coin dispenser to spin.
I don't care for much but in the center there's Zen.
We can't do what we want to do without cost, literally.
Nothing in life is free is imprinted in my memory.
Pixelate.

