Cypher Lyrics
by 3rdiiiUth.


I'm in my second semester, the lectures festered and pestered.
I been stressin' to switch lessons.
To sectors set to embezzle the rebels.
Looked as pebbles from the levels of the reigns.
So when it rains.
Was pebbles, now several of the grains.
Insane from this College stint.
Not game for no blue collar shit.
Own lane against the grain.
So fuck your wave, and fuck your barber bitch.
Don't garnish shit.
Nay.
Two's doable, Three's accompany.
By four, that's an art form.
Quo three, that's real G.
Plot my apartheid, apart from these guys.
Ride to the Pharcyde with SlimKid3 and FatLip.
My 90's rap shit.
The Uth's with me, influence kidney's.
Bobby &amp; Whitney.
Probably slip CityZ a pill.
Heart on still.
Kill.
The competition's real, and we're top mentioned.
Consider your pot pissed in.
My henchmen leave you cringin' off of tension fissions.
Efficient missions, never severed by the man.
Understand?
Like lobsters, y'all weapons effected by bands.

I Aristotle philosophies, like amazing prophecies.
At a high proficiency.
I have a tendency to flow by ministry.
Longing to be written down in history.
Tryna stay Krispy Kreme.
Bringing burns in the 3rd degree.
Putting flava in ya mouth like hickory.
Living in the present the way I'm coming down your chimney.
Don't have a conscious, bitch I been squashed Jiminy.
Life, Love and Liberty.
Convert my cell energy and mental capability.
And grow 8 tails like Killer Bee.

Them hoes see the gold and they get so ratchet.
Now that's what the fuck we call a chain reaction.
It's still the same fat jays we passin'.
She got high out her mind so she gave me the action.
No Bronson, but we be flossin'.
Fuck the caution when we often start moshin'.
Live life like the wheels on mobiles.
Steady rollin like I gave her free will to mo' pills.
The pressures pure, so we offer it.
Let a ho snag my dough, that's preposterous.
Spending like we got lots of it, straight stocks of it.
Got the birdies, so it's flocks of it.
Cause anyone that opened up that door for opportunity.
It's just you and me, so let that vibe stride fluently.

Al Hostile.
Get up in your lungs.
Where you from.
A land of lost and forgotten tongues.
Where there can only be one.
And I have already won.
Game, set, match.
These bars you won't catch.
Well at least on the first listen.
Got nice writtens.
That'll leave ya main chick quite smitten.
Admit it, I'm nice wit it.
The hotness that I transmit.
Make other rappers sick.
Sit and listen.
We out the solar system.

We got the planet in our palm.
Over Baghdad we the bomb like, uh.
Over Baghdad we the bomb like, boom.

This is it, what.
Really ripping it up, so step up.
I'm known to kick butt quicker than hick-ups.
So if you slip up, you could get fixed up.
Pray there isn't a mix up.
Hit me with a hot beat and get your bass kicked up.
The bass gets bumped in places we can't name.
Spit til my face is in pages of publications.
Goodness gracious, sagacious creations.
Get your mic jacked, just might jack your mic-jack.
When I write, rappers like Why didn't I write that?

