Da Train Lyrics
by 69 Boyz.

woman's line.

We call it the train!

Engine engine 69, headed down the party line.
And if that train go off the track.
Then you know that party sho' nuff bite.
So don't miss that train, baby!
So don't miss that train!

69 doin' it one mo' time, so come on, ride that thang, baby!

THRILL DA PLAYA:.
All aboard, all ya ladies, just work it on down.
Get ya pass for the party train that's on the way to your town.
And don't be shame-faced, baby, cause it ain't no thang.
I won't tell if you won't tell that you done rode the train.
ROTTWEILER:.
So don't try to act like you don't know what I'm talkin' 'bout.
It's plenty of guys so you can bring some friends to help you out.
And it's a real LONG line, uh, so I hope you can hang.
And if you come it's gon' be fun, yo, so don't miss that tr-ain!

I know you can.
Girl, I'm sure you can.
Matter fact, I know you can.
It's a round-trip ticket to Ding-a-Ling Land!

Like I said, pimpin' ain't dead, come on, ride that thang, baby!

You betta not miss it, baby!
Betta get yo' ticket, baby!
And don't be actin' ashamed!
Here come dat party train!

THRILL DA PLAYA:.
Come on, come on, come on, come on, hey, don't miss that train!
It's 69, it's party time, and oh yeah, we got them chicken wings!
We got that Parignon too, and much hors d'ourves.
And long spicy sausages, so ladies, come get served!
ROTTWEILER:.
So get to the party, baby, uh, cause this gon' be hype.
Get your bags, that gin n' juice, and wait by the railroad track.
So ladies, bring your friends, and please make sure they're fine.
And hurry up, cause I'd hate to see you miss Engine 69, uh!

Like I said, the party ain't dead, come on and ride that thang, baby!

THRILL DA PLAYA:.
Hey now, lil' roadie, uh, all the way to the end.
Get on the train and shake that thang, 69 comin' one mo' gen.
Put on some boots, some skin-tight Dukes, uh, and get wild and loose.
If ain't no room in your freight compartment.
There's room in my caboose!
ROTTWEILER:.
So just be ready to go, ba-by, when we come to your town.
I wanna put this choo-choo in yo' poo-poo, and work it on down.
Cause it's much faster than Greyhound.
And a whole lot cheaper than a plane.
So get on the tracks, put a Hump N' Ya Back, uhh.
And get on this SOULLLLLLLLL TRAIN!

2x.
So don't miss that train, baby! Don't miss that train!
Like I said, pimpin' ain't dead.
These girls aren't even scared to give head!

Sung.
Don't miss that train! Don't miss that weenie train!
{Hey, true dat, true dat!}.
Don't miss that train! Don't miss that weenie train!
{We servin' gravy train!}.
Don't miss that train! Don't miss that weenie train!
{All aboard the weenie train!}.
Don't miss that train! Don't miss that weenie train!
{And don't be actin' ashamed!}.

