Daily duppy Lyrics
by Akala.

Yo, I don't give a rats arse or rassclaat are your spars hard when your par.
par.
Don't start are your bars hard, have you mastered how to spar with a bastard?
We been dark since the march of the spartans.
Before Eve ate the fruit of the garden, I was in pursuit of the truth like a.
slalom.
Dodging these sergeant, slave masters whether they're cuffs or ?
Same shit, different jargon.
Same clip, different cartidge.
Same whip, different master.
Look closer we ain't got past it, the shackles are not tackled they're just.
different.
The cattle rattle and rattle but they collect the dividends.
We're fuel for someone else's engine we don't run a damn thing we're just.
pretending.
So all the big talk, don't affect me, my elders licked banks so you can't.
impress me.
With all the talk about another mans gun, which we use to kill each other for.
fun.

Boydem run in your yard, diss your mother, dashing her knickers all out of the.
cupboard.
They got us face down, with our feet on our necks but we still believe we are.
vets.
But who makes the straps and the scales, who packs the jails so please ask.
yourself, who's the gangster?
Who owns the planes and the boats that import the coke so please ask yourself,.
who's the gangster?
Who makes the straps and the scales, who packs the jails so please ask.
yourself who's the gangster?
Who owns the planes and the boats so please ask yourself....
We blow each others brains, so entertaining.
They drop bombs of depleted uranium.
You broke the law, you go to prison.
They kill a couple million stack a billion.
Business as usual, death on the colonies.
What is that but state to state armed robbery?
It's just a road move on a bigger level.
We think we are mountains but we're just pebbles.
Better yet ? pop a little champagne but people in the south of France are not.
our fans mate.
We love to live nice and happy too.
But ask yourself this does anyone you know control the flow of capital.
The answer is no.
And if you knew the business deals man are negotiating.
You would know you could never ever claim that I'm hating.
Vegan cuz, but I get the bacon, and eggs just fine in case you're mistaken.
But if I don't like that, I don't like that.
Grew up on big yout and Gregory Isaacs.
No suprise that, revolution on my track.
Has been right there from right back.
Sacred geometry, don't follow me.
Still just an angry yout that spits horribly.
I'm trying to live peaceful, I remember what happened the last time I lost my.
temper.
And believe I'm not trying to be hard.
The abuse that I suffered, I'm emotionally scarred.
I'm supposed to be ? holding the bars.
Instead I'm a professor that never went to class.
I write literature, they write bars.
The Celtic warrior, Maroon from yard.
So when you compare me to these little tarts.
All you are showing is you're not very smart.
Real mc, it's my culture.
Grew up on the sound systems with the toasters.
You man are foot down, it's third gear to me.
Tenth planet, ain't not another on near to me.
When I orbit, cliques forfeit.
Corset flow my yout don't force it.
Or try rush man off as just concious.
Come out my face with that nonsense.
Thug revolution, that's what it is.
Never do we run from one of these kids.

slave?
We've all got goons that love us enough to wanna die for us so just behave.
Cause man are old school, straighteners.
One, two, one, two face of the haters.
Chasing the papers? Na.
Man are chasing freedom but papers I'm making.
They're blatantly shaking and quaking in their boots.
Anytime we talk about breaking enslavement.
So I do feel like Neyo in the Matrix.
Cause I don't understand, why everybody's so scared of the agents.
When they are powerless blatant.
Got a little bit, but I put it on the line.
Listen to the shit that I spit in my rhymes.
Ali at his prime, principle first.
Even if that means I don't get heard.
Cause the heards are absurd.
They're hating the nerd, but the nerds controlling the face of the Earth.
So I tell man so straight on my nerves, I'll duppy a track at my worst.
Cold as a blizzard in a furnace.
The wizard of a wordsmith.
? that I chisselled in stone, perfect.
Ask for yourself on the road, they'll tell you Akala is cold.
He kicks knowledge for the block.
Never gonna stop.
The progression of my albums never gonna flop.
When that shits on, it starts to ?
This whole things chess, and everyone has to celebrate the fact that we are.
just pawns.
But man are not on it, the last thing they want is man with road energy.
To stop killing one another and think cleverly.
And ask why you're living, where you're living, how you're living.
Did you create the condition, that you were raising your kid in?
If you didn't who did it?
Is it really for the hood if our oppressors like our lyrics.
Only by crushing your aspirations can we maintain this ? situation.
Only by crushing the dreams of your kids quick, can we keep our unearned.
privilege.

