Daily Bred
by Wonder Bred.

I wonder if the truth truly is sublime.
Truthfully from you to me I'm full of shit sometimes.
Where is home? There's a list of those i miss from mine.
Daily Bred sheds my little light, this is sunshine.

Formally my priority is exploring in touring.
The thoughts where I talk of death stem from Tuesdays with Morrie.
Daily chronology of my psychology in evolving my story.
Sapiosexual is intimate mental, in my music I'm instigating an orgy.

Tonight I decided to rhyme in my Daily Bred.
I read orally, currently A Wrinkle In Time again.
I cook with raw meat, cheese, and veg so yes I am fed.
No way for me to record this for you, this is what I do best.
I don't have money so energy in these is what I invest.
This Deliverance isn't imbred incest.
I meet people across the country instead.
I was in the woods for 10 weeks, in tarps not in tents.
Twas intense, born in the East now I be in the West.

I snowshoe for free.
No snowboard I ski.
No snow machines.
Go to slopes for $15.

At Soldier Mountain there's so much powder.
Plow our own roads around here, the coldest showers.
Solar power, to go to the closest city we drove an hour.
So much sage no growing flowers, just in general like Colin Powell.

When you do, read this to yourself out loud.
Speech we need to speak, words are dead without sound.
By handcuffs be bound, bail out for pounds from downtown.
I've seen where we trapped Japs in camps, now I compound nouns.

I can bounce around ideas that are heavy, not concrete.
Be breathing and seeking feeling because crying is not weak.
I hold the hands of those I can, there are lots I cannot reach.
I'm off the screen like Dawson's Creek, for belief I stand up on.
feet.
There's a tractor, hop on to feed if you want to see beef.
I'm on my mark till my body drops, I won't walk off in defeat.

Once I get off this ranch, this might become lyrics.
Regardless all I've wanted is to open my spirit.
If you're open to me opening, you hopefully feel it.
That's not in my control, you own a human home so steer it.

Like Abstract and the Dragon I've began to be bearded.
I seek ears like A Tribe Called Quest, It's Midnight, I'm.
Marauding, Hooded, Robbin &amp; Stealin.

You're not any less of a man if you don't pull the trigger. You're not.
necessarily a man if you do. -ATCQ.

One Love.
Wonder Bred.

