Dance Of The Damned (Snowgoons Remix) Lyrics
by Viro the Virus.

Viro The Virus 
Man, it's like, I can't cope, 
Life got me, smoking, dope, 
Pockets are broke and there's no sight of hope. 
Jesus Christ or the Pope owner of an aweful odor 
Passing by's, often offer to buy me soap. 
Don'T know how I got to the end of my rope so soon 
Feels, like yesterday, I was zoning in homeroom 
Daydreaming'bout getting home to my bowl of boom. That'S when it started 
Now. I have a habit and can't discard it. My lifescale's uneven 
The burdens of responsibilities. Added their weight and as soon as graduating, 
From Mary Jane to lacing my J's with lady cane 
A, misguided search for relieving my brains' strain 
Now, the thought of being sane is slain, fuck rehabilitation. I went further
 games, 
More pipes and pills, more leak and crills more dope and in search of a
peaceful thrill 
A crackpot swap my pot for a crack rock 
Experimented. Once now, I can't stop 
Thought drugs were the shorcut solution to my problems. 
But. They only allowed the demons to scream got him. 
 
 Viro, The Virus, 
If life would grant me one more chance. I swear. I change my circumstance and
find a way to break out of this trance 
Change, my life's rhythm 
Cause. I can't stand these damn dancing, demons and hate dancing, with'em 
, 
 Viro, The Virus 
Yo a trap was set and I never knew 
Now. I'M the true version of the kid in the commercial dad. I learned from
watching you 
I want to quit, but not sure what I got ta do 
What. If I wan na make that sacrifice to take back my life 
Just wish the world would take back. My wife 
I mean she's part of the stress that pushed me beyond the sense 
See I was broke when we met 
Now three years later and three seeds later. She screams that she needs all of
my check. 
What happened to the sex 
Replace that with conversations'bout the bill collectors. How they're
breathing down our necks 
 is where I turn next 
Playing the game with lucifer and lose it cause. It looks like he loaded, the
decks, 
 and my soul is the catch 
 Wan na salvage. The outcome, but I'm drousy from valiums and straddle with
poverty 
Plus. I can't get a rock for free. Thus I'm plotting me a robbery for my last
chance 
 
 Viro The Virus 
If life would grant me one more chance. I swear. I change my circumstance. And
Find a way to break out of this trance 
Do a different dance man. If I could have one more chance at life, I might live
it right, 
 
If life would grant me one more chance. I swear. I change my circumstance. And
Find a way to break out of this trance 
Change, my life's rhythm 
Cause. I can't stand these damn dancing demons and hate dancing, with'em 
, 
 Viro, The Virus 
So. Now I'm going where the rich people live, 
To break into some rich people's crib 
And. Take some shit to trade for a fix 
Half a day without a hit, and my face begins to itch 
How. Did my life degrade to this? I clean my pipe and make a wish 
Dear demigod elevate me to bliss 
I'm, stuck in a rotten taking blades. In my wrist 
Spent at least a decade since last, I had a date go well 
So. Now, I'm on the prowl to steal a I'm in the burbs 
Troop passing youth. Smoking herb hit my black heart and dip into an empty
backyard 
Then entered through a window into a path. That'S distinguished 
Pocket, a pocketwatch gather up some trinkets, then bounce 
Back on the block, still feeling foul no time for the. I need it right now. 
First cat, I see asking where the crack please 
Over there them kids got readies powder weed whatever you need. 
I replied thanks. True indeed, 
Went for the kids chiefing grass. I previously passed with my pockets: heavy 
Mind fantasising the readies plan to give'em what I've stolen for the
bundles they're holding 
Approached. Then the cat spoke like waddup, junkie, 
If, you got money, you can get what you need from me. 
I said I got a pipe dream and a nice watch, 
Gladly trade, you, my nice things for some white rocks 
Peeked his interest showed him. The things I had gotten 
It seems at that instant is. When things went, rotten, 
He looked stunned like how the fuck you get that son. That'S my watch, 
Had no chance to run before he grabbed his gun blew my last chance. 
 
Yo. I couldn't get a second chance at life 
Too bad. I didn't know that before my first chance was no more 
But, oh well, I got a last chance in hell. 
Maybe me and the demons will coexist well. 
Exit, my physical shell cause in my physical life. I didn't treat it well. While
I had the chance 
But! Oh well, I got a last chance in hell. 
Maybe the devil'll teach me how to dance.
 
