Dance Floor (Wait A Minute) Lyrics
by Z-Mane.


All right, now everybody listen up.
What I need you to do is get up out your seat.
I don't need anybody sitting down.
I need you to stand up on your two feet.
And I need you to head out to the dance floor right quick.
Because what we about to do right now.
We about to get crazy, we about to get live, and we about to get wild.
Because what me and my boy Switch came to do....
We just need y'all....to get ready; It's goin' down.
Switch, talk to 'em!

Wait a minute, wait a minute, oh!

Ugh, gon' drop it, girl, gon' pop it, girl.
When you hit that dance floor, ain't no stoppin', girl.
I wanna see you dance, I wanna see you twerk.
I wanna see you work it out, sweatin' out your shirt.
You lookin' like the baddest chick in the club.
The way you movin' got most of these niggas fallin' in love.
Gon' shake it like your life depends on that, girl.
Man, your body's just picture perfect like a Kodak, girl.
Royal City in the building so you know we gettin' crazy.
In the V.I.P., come on and do your dance, baby.
Do your dance for Z, then do it for Switch City.
Come do it for RGOD then do it for Trotman City, ah!
Everybody gettin' crazy tonight.
Ain't nobody sittin' down, everybody is live.
Man, the dance floor's packed, no fiction, straight fact.
This a hell of a night, now gon' bring it back!
Like....

Walk into the club, everybody gettin' it.
I see you ladies workin' so please don't quit it.
Ha, yeah, we doin' it real big.
And when we hit that dance floor, you know we bout to jig.
Ah! Man, we gettin' crazy, ain't nobody lazy.
Haters step in the room but ain't none of them phasin'.
These girls' so amazing, their dancin' got me dazin'.
And when they run out to the floor, everybody chasin'!
Throwin' dollars in the air, everybody catchin'.
We all showin' out, mane, everybody flexin'.
Actin' wild, we ain't in our right mind.
We just partyin' like it's our last day in this lifetime.
Mayday, mayday, somebody hit the ground.
Somebody get him off the floor cause we all clownin'.
Tonight is fun and I'm prayin' for more.
Because....EVERYBODY ON THE DANCE FLOOR!
Like....

Now drop like drop like drop like.
I said, drop like.

Now do that thing, do that thing, do it..
Cause when we in the club, yeah, you know whassup.
Everybody on the dance floor and we gettin' crunk!
Like....

