Darkness Descends Lyrics
by X-Raided.


I came in the form of man in the cover of darkness.
You can fend for your life and discover I'm heartless.
Maybe your baby, your wife, or your mother's a target.
It might be your father, your daughter, or brother you part with.
It starts with the first heart tick.
Your name's on the chart as soon as the flame of your soul has a spark lit.
Regardless everybody must depart this.
Earthly form upon birth your born.

When the darkness descends.
Everyone must come in the gun regardless of sin.
It's the harvest of men.
Whether you shine like the sun you succumb to that darkness within.

It begins with a shiver.
And the temperature in the room decreased when I enter and whisper.
When the time is near when X I appear.
I kiss her.
Wife in tears and disappear.
My presence isn't welcome so I come uninvited.
When she's asleep she thinks she's dreaming and doesn't wake up.
But she weeps and in the morning she awakes in a daze and it seeps from her.
mind and eventually fades.
And her head's full of grey hairs.
She's 88 years old - retired now but used to run a daycare.
She lives alone to one to come to see her she lost her son in 'Nam and her.
husband in Korea.
Getting hard to recall memories of places.
And she looks at her pictures and can't remember faces.
So I come and I hold her in the coldness and embrace her.
And whisper It's time to escape.
Behold.

It begins with the silent SCREAM.
From a child as he looks into my eyes and realizes what he's seeing.
His innocence allows him to to see me when he's conscious.
He wonders if I'm an angel or demonic monster.
Nonsense.
I calm him and tell him that I'm godsent.
Neither good or evil here to take him where his mom went.
She died when he was born his father resents him.
Abuses and hits him and since then his life's been a storm.
He's 5 with the eyes of an old man.
In a state of mourn cause his heart's been torn.
He never should've known such pain so grim that the flame of his soul still.
glows for the dim.
He arose with a half-woke stim.
He no longer grows in his loves but he no longer knows.
So I come hold him in the coldness and embrace him.
And whisper It's time to escape.
Behold.

I misunderstood.
The image of a skeletal fish with a scithe and a hood.
It's a myth to be loved to be missed.
When you cry to be hugged to be kissed.
When you die is a gift in disguise.
Shift through the lies and you'll find it if you dig deeper.
I'm the Angel of Death - The Grim Reaper.
Strangle your breath when it's time.
Then lead you to Judgement.
The bold good and evil men seek.
But people believe in a myth - in the Lord.
Yet I would gladly exchange my existence for yours.
Give anything to live a normal life.
To feel the love of a child, the warmth of a wife.
Human beings are blessed when they quest for the light.
But, they don't know their own light's up.
When it's time for me to hold you in the coldnest embrace.
Just know if you're righteous your soul'll be safe.

