Dark Moon Fang Style Lyrics
by Xavier Wulf.


This, a freestyle bruh straight from my brain 
This is straight from my powers. You feel me 
 
Now. How can a nigga like me just keep it cool 
When fools all around the way, try to act, rude 
Try to act like they the toughest 
Because. They don't want nobody to know that they got flaws and they weak at
heart. 
But. See me I'm so strong. I just move along 
I, don't say shit to nobody. I got a hobby 
Swinging my blade across bodies. It'S nothing. If a nigga try me or disturb my
peace. I'M coming 
It's, nothing, I'm working for my money, 
Because I got to eat and I got to smoke. 
That'S, just real talk, I'm drinking bottles of water because soda ain't good
for, you 
And a lot of juice, will give you diabetes, 
I ain't, trying to go down that road. Like the old people, do 
I got ta stay healthy. My powers is so true 
That. I got ta just maintain and stay in the mindframe of an insane genius
scientist type shit 
But, I ain't mad. I'M just glad that I'm waking up every morning, 
Jewels different colors chilling on the dresser waiting for me to pick them up
I just put them on and move along 
I got waves outside on the back just incase. I want to go surf 
I'm with my nigga Black Kray and we just take over turf 
Shout out to my nigga Yung God. I know. What'S up fool, 
I know you the hardest young nigga out here and these niggas sleep on you
 
But. It'S all good I'mma! Do it like this 
Real fuckin' talk I'mma tell these niggas what the fuck the deal is. 
And, I ain't finna walk away. I ain't never been the type of nigga to walk
away from shit. 
If a nigga got a problem. He better confront me or he, a bitch, 
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO, 
 
You, feel me. Let me tell you something else to bruh 
Let me tell you something else. When we in these streets, bruh 
And, you got ta problem with me: bruh get the motherfucking hands up. Bruh
 
You feel me y'all niggas out here: shooting and shit 
That shootin shit weak. Let me tell you about that: shooting shit, 
, Okay, Okay, 
Hey, if you out here, shooting you a BITCH 
I said: if you out here, shooting you a BITCH 
If, you can't beat a nigga ass with your hands. You a BITCH 
If. You can't beat a nigga ass with your hands. You a BITCH, BITCH 
, 
