Day Off Lyrics
by Sweatshop Union.


Yea, it's getting late in the day.
I'm at the breakfast killin, eatin bacon and eggs.
Drinkin bottomless coffees until I've shaken the legs.
Sit here and gaze in the space, just barely stayin away.
Got a plate full of ash ground, just smoke some hash.
How the hell am I supposed to finish any minute I could pass out?
Damn, tryna see through the haze.
I'll have another cup, a cup to get read you.
The native pay the waitress, go home and smoke weed.
You can say it's pretty much my only plan that proceed through the day within.
I'm stickin to it.
So yall can leave me alone.
With your schedules and leave yo message after the tone.
Be relaxin at home, probly won't answer the phone.
Don't take it personal, I'm workin through a half of that homegrown.
So gone that I barely know my own name.
And this is how I plan to spend my whole day.

It's my day off and I ain't got shit to do.
Come kick back, relax, smoke a spliff or two.
Listen to some music and sip some bruz with the crew.
If you feel me let yo systems boom.
Now I got nothing to say.
Fuck it, it's great, let's kick it back and bust in the nay.
Dump and rollin it all, puff and pass it over to yall.
Then you can pass it back to me or we can smoke til we fall.

Woke alone, quarter to 7 o'clock.
I'm not sure, but I think my door is getting a knock.
And that's odd, most of the time it's quiet as hell.
Open up the door, see what they're tryin to sell.
Might as well, it's a Saturday, louder they sing.
So witnesses, I forget if I even gathered their name.
Grab the pamphlet, moved on to make a sandwich and.
Found myself letting out a echo in the damn fridge.
Man, this ghetto is fuck.
Get on to horn like quick so you can limo some bucks but uh.
I think that well is dry.
I'm thinkin hell if I ask myself.
If 25 chances be, I wouldn't shed a dime.
And it's my day off, I'm supposed to be sleepin, right?
Wake up it's noon, do laundry close to the evening.
But now it's seven, I'm wide awake.
Might as well try and make the best of this smoke.
The best of this weed and just fly away.

It's my day off and I ain't got shit to do.
Come kick back, relax, smoke a spliff or two.
Listen to some music and sip some bruz with the crew.
If you feel me let yo systems boom.
Now I got nothing to say.
Fuck it, it's great, let's kick it back and bust in the nay.
Dump and rollin it all, puff and pass it over to yall.
Then you can pass it back to me or we can smoke til we fall.

