Dead Flowers Pt. 2 Lyrics
by 60 Second Assassin.


Girl, you know you need to ride for me 
Do or die for me. That'S that 60. Second talk real 
B.I.G., 
, .
 60. Second Assassin 
I want you to want me in the way. I want you 
If, you don't want me. Let the doorknob hit you where the good lord split you 
, 
60. Second Assassin 
Love is love. Love'Ll get you when she's at it again. 
All the chit-chattering friend 
May as well, got me fried in the end, tried by twelve 
And carried by six, get with life on the back end. 
A free man sometimes feels trapped in 
Opposed to getting paid and bringing all that money back in 
We decided to get laid now. Child supports the back end 
I'mma defendant, who cares of a 16th amendment? 
They switched a game on a chicken when you know 
I always wanted you to want me in the way I want you, 
 
Cuz, the woman. I was with ... sample 
 
C-Rayz Walz 
Was, not my reliable reflector. She was a barnyard bird 
Flocking to the king for see neck to check up yessir 
These treasures were undiscovered til. The jewels dropped, 
An abused chickenhead. In June. Soon I felt like the used cock from tube socks. 
And loose rocks, don't confuse plots 
A buckethead get back. I find that out after my Bing rap 
A dead flower, something you never bring back. 
A weak reflection of the G. I O.D. to ring that 
With a super giving head very battered bacon, 
Swallowing my pride, a live prelude to her drinking 
Living in a bottle like the line from Nickelback 
My shots on the rocks, giving birth to an Apollo triple that 
 
Cuz, the woman I was with ... sample 
 
Bronze Nazareth 
Civil when she model, but she really a silverback 
I, seen her peel for stacks built from dreams and dealing million blacks, 
Building stacks towards endless comas. I'Ve been with honey over 
Gripped this bitch by the shoulder sipping Goose from crack money, 
Awaits track with the clip fully loaded, never slip homey 
Definition of sleeping it never did fit for me, 
Fiends scurry tapping windows urgently. She cutting rocks like surgery, 
I'm busting nuts burn. Your everglades, while she serve the fiends, 
Simply, devilish and horny 
Still, I'm blown exploring your globe, won't love you in the morning, 
She performing junk exposed bent on the stripper pole, 
Sipped the milk and tilt the robes silks around the things that glow 
 
Cuz the woman. I was with ... sample 
 
C-Rayz Walz 
And. I did it. You got me 
I ain't trying to get you back slow mo for the bobo 
When. She broke pocked the willie lac' 
And. When we smoked alone yo the hoe broke, the Philly yac' 
Jack Tripper gave weight to max out that figures. 
Was the messenger chef Malcolm X got a fresh plate 
The good times rolling, like credits on a sex tape, strolling 
On the same page frame. I remain a different book: 
Saying broken hearts, stay dead, eyes, lead where it look. 
Oracle from the judge. Wise words fed me slit me, yo 
He. Was it tricks in the image of the likeness, Miss Cleo 
And, the woman I was with, could never be you 
Just. Another part of me fooled: everything else is see through mami 
 
Cuz, the woman I was with ... sample 
 
60. Second Assassin 
And sees the knowledge of a fool 
Is, the wisdom of a dead man church out, take you to school 
Why, they poison the rules. 
But, you don't hear me yo, they wan na steal my crew 
In, the beginning. They used to call me boo, 
All, I'm hearing through the grapevine is fuck that dude 
Damn girl that was low, 
What the fuck and who came to visit. You Aunt Flow 
Take that rag off and act like you know: 
No one's hurt, but the babies and more 
No one's hurt, but the babies anymore, 
 
