Dead Beat Lyrics
by Yung Simmie.


Man these nigga's faker than silicon titties.
And I expose the fake too much realness in me.
I pour up the Henny, I smoke til I'm dizzy.
Stuffin the Philly, your girl on my dick while I'm doing my thizzy.
Like I was Drizzy, nothing was the same but my name is Simmie.
Your girl give me brain while I'm speedin the Hemi.
But nigga's don't hear me til I get it trippin' now you hit with the Semi.
I'm puttin' in a clip and I'm a rip til it's empty.
I'm pointing at your head and you can't run cause you stranded.
You fucking with a savage and my rug will do damage.
I give you the package, I give you the work.
I'm an OG smoker I don't fuck with the purp.
I embarrass these nigga's now they call me the jerk.
These joke ass nigga's ain't putting in work.
Meanwhile I go to work with my name on my shirt.
Cause you know I gotta get it cause I came from the dirt.
Mamma said bless them I'm a take them to church.
Now I'm schooling these nigga's better tuck in your shirt.
Now my main bitch keep a shank in the purse.
Cause you won't catch me slipping she gon' cut you first.
I'm always strapped it was under my shirt.
Move and get merked now your face on the shirt.
Simmie be the nigga leave beats.
in the hearse.
It's a lyrical race and I just came in first.

To a lame ass nigga who can never convert.

I give it to you live you just heard that shit first.
I'm a give your bitch some water and she keep with the thirst.
I'm a make your bitch my bitch and keep my work in the purse.

Stunt on my haters I ball like the Lakers.
Dunking on haters I'm tall as the rim if I stand on my paper.
I came to eat but I'm serving these nigga's like I am the waiter.
Call Tony Hawk cause I'm grinding I'm grinding like I am a skater.
Ducking the cops I'm a speed in my foreign like I am a racer.
If it's beef then I eat you up later.
We can't speak if it ain't about paper.
Cause all of my nigga's want it.
All of my nigga's on it.
All of my nigga's ready.
They like where the fuck my opponent.
They comin and now you running.
Bandcamp drummers drumming.
Headcount hunters hunting.
Grindtime countin hundreds.
Flex time hella stunting.
Loudpack smell like onions.
Marked up hella mugging.
Gold teeth hella thugging.
In the cut rolling up something.
Black shades on I ain't worried about nothing.
Smoking OG you ain't got what I'm puffing.
That straight from the plug and I told him to stuff it no seeds when I cop it.
Gotta stay lowkey cause them haters is watching.
But you nigga's don't get it so I'm changing the topic.
I'm on my own plane smoking blunts in the cockpit.
My hitters pop shit you duck and drop shit.
Eyes on me on my 2Pac shit.
Feelin' like Hitman on my two Glock shit.
I'm trying to keep cool like too hot shit.
So I'm chillin in the pool with like 2 hot chicks.
I've been in the game I'm the rap Mike Vick.
Flow too sick got haters looking sick.
Nigga's falling off they ain't sticking to the script.
I ain't falling off I'm a keep it on my hip.
King of the South but my name ain't tip.
Got your bitch in my ride and we going for a trip.
If you look me in my eyes you gon' see I never trip.
I roll up a blunt puff pip,.
blessed with the gift to spit lyrical clips.
My mind flips I load up and spit mind clips.
Now I forgot how I got here but I ain't worried about that.
? Be I be back.

