Dead Candy Lyrics
by SwizZz.


Yo what's up Anthony.
They'll be a lot of saying you dead and you're gone.

So can you please do me a favor, tell the truth to your mom.
She been on me for weeks wondering what's taking so long.
I tried to get your back ? buy a little more time.
To finish your rhyme but Frances kept hitting my line like.
SwizZzle, I've seen you been acting.
Please no more theatrics.
I talked to you a month ago.
Now can you tell me your status what's up.
I'm sorry man I had to do what I do.
I would have had this done in August if it wasn't for you.
Please don't diss me like The Jokerr and make Sidekick 2.
I know you're mad I've been away, but imma come back soon.
We can collab on the next track.
You can be my Quintin Miller.
You're the ghost writer, I deliver.
Ain't no combo realer.
Ain't no duo iller.
We'll make hits and never fillers.
If you feel me, hold it strong.
Cause the show is going on.

Dead Candy.
Maestro down, the lights go.
Even though you're gone.
And we miss you.
We kiss you every time we smile.
The show must go on.
Now we have a place open for you there at the banquet ball.
Even though you're gone.
Well listen till we meet again soon it will only be a while.
The show must go on.

Hey mom.
So glad you could stay strong.
Stay calm.
It was your idea to bring me back in this séance.
Looking inside, breathe. Like it's funny it ?
Eyes roll back, trying to see how his brain run.
To those that can actually hear me.
I'm Anthony Healy.
I was maimed when a man dragged me under a mask screaming.
It's a tragedy really.
I'm about to take revenge.
I'll harm him till he can take a breath.
And start breathing and taste the death and until he.
Smells his own guilt and he can't take the stench until he.
Accepts blame and puts his wrists against your ears and ? until he.
Can't look at his son but see my face instead until he.
Breaks and thinks himself as his own grave to rest.
And every time he turn to see a child run and play.
Gonna relive that ugly day.
He took my life the fuck away.
He stuck in a ? dead candy.
Running and ?
Praying for someone to put you down like a pound dog.
Alright mom.

I never had to rap about a mother's dead child.
Guess I can scratch it off the bucket list now.
I tried to keep it mild.
But then I was like how.
The shit is dark, vehicular homicide pow.
You got life cut short and that sucks ass.
Who would have figured that you would have passed in a truck crash.
Whoever did it is gonna bask in a bloodbath.
When Gavin gets ahold of him and starts to just slash.
But enough of truck crashes and slashes.
Let's talk about the good things coming from your passing.
Your mother just discovered her passion.
And got me and SwizZzle together, no one ever thought it ever happened.
Look at that shit, now we are one step closer to burying the hatchet.
Now your mother is taking the pain of your loss and turning it into something.
she can really have a impact with.
That's it.

