Dead On Arrival Pt.1 Lyrics
by X-Raided.


I'M have visions like Frank Lack the milleniums dead 
Wakin up in this cell thinkin. Why am I here 
Can you tell me how many times can one man die? 
Mr. Kavorkian, please, give me one more. Try 
I'd rather rest in peace than live. My life in this living hell, 
Real niggas living bad, while them fake, niggas, livin well, 
Bustas is picking on me. What can I do about it? 
I'M gon na ride and you rhyme, and when I spit it, I shout it 
No doubt about it. It'S misery, but these niggas ain't, knowin 
Got me in this penitentiary tryin to keep me from flowin 
So, I'm going 51-50 local bitchmade, busters 
By all means necessary. Nigga 
 motherfucker 
I heard that if I die it's a casualty to war, 
I know you niggas is dissapointed, but I'm back once more 
The disciple will judge what the fairness is. 
Playa haters wan na bury the snitch 
 
Had me dead on arrival, 
No chance for survival. 
I know everybody got ta die 
But. When it's my turn to go. I wan na go out with a BANG, 
Fuck pain and suffering shoot me in the brain. 
 
Now. There ain't no way up out the game when you in to deep 
Bullet holes through the brain. Put me in to sleep 
Put, you out your misery. Like you, the Lazy Duff, 
If I get to heaven. First, I'm gon na wait for ya 
When you with 25, like the only way to escape 
Is to run for the gates and let em hit you with eight 
Right in the middle of the door. I blow my brains to pieces. 
And, send me straight to gangstas paradise with the trigga releases, 
I rest in peace and at last lord, that's all. I ask 
Throw me in a casket and throw some dirt on my ass 
Lets, get it on, but no more pain and no more expectations. 
I know my dead homies up there waitin 
 
Dead on arrival, no chance for survival. 
I know everybody got ta die 
But. Can you tell me why I'm having visions of slugs 
My head, penetrated 
Them niggas, murdered X-Raided 
Guess, who retaliated 
You risk the game to the broad 
It? Was your decision? 
My designated assassin got infared vision, 
He? Did it quiet no mention the murder on the news 
Game over? You knew the rules, 
Callin all soldiers, 
Load up the clips and your holdsters 
50 000 dollars reward on, wanted posters. 
Ride til you die puttin it down like you supposed to 
It's the beginning of the ending 
Game over. Can you feel it? 
Tension is in the air 
Scaring niggas to death, producing heart attacks, 
A black spread with green dots. Your pulse is fading 
Flatline cuz. Your ass is hating 
 
