Dead Poet's Society (Bonus Track) Lyrics
by Sweetness.


My journey started where the sidewalk ends.
Falling up, I saw the airwaves bend.
Imagination personified, I made it my friend.
No west side story, but I was raised on the West End.
The 90's movement, the Mozart Effect that made me transcend.
My creative touch is the farthest thing from a trend.
But to talk about the simple things, that's a little bizarre.
Where we at now if can't answer what we are.
So advanced but still simple like the apes that got too far.
…in, My natural selection for the right beats and words like Charles Darwin.
This life is my movie and y'all just co-starring.
Been trying to lead my people to the promise land.
My flow's rough and there's no-parting.
All these born sinners and our perceived needs for no-pardons.
Born into the socioeconomic status, is it really our destiny?
So dichotomized but everyone holds a piece of divinity.
Like it was really us that put the “Us” in geez.
Vicariously we were conceived.
Like the cross of cavalry carved from The Giving Tree.
Can you see the green like the Big 3.
Primetime religions like Islam, Judaism and Christianity.
Preaching blood &amp; water but the fluid of life is so oily.
For the WASPs in America to the sands of OPEC's royalty.
The miracles of science, what an epiphany.
But it'll be back to the basics after World War Three.
No Nuclear Winter.
But my words are Robert Frost, put you in a deep freeze.
True ingenuity lost like the Antikythera mechanism under deep seas.
True knowledge lost in the system of paying fees for degrees.
No broken thermostat, this cold world is catching a disease.
And freedom is not free.
At this point I'm just living for me.
In a society addicted to climactism, always needing something more.
Only been this and nothing more.
Only been this and nothing more.

And my soul from out that shadow that lies floating on the floor.
Shall be lifted nevermore.
But I'm getting lifted every time I press record.
So gifted, but my graduation gown never had any chords.
GPA shifted to a 1-9-0 from 4-2-4s.
The head of my class to near dead last.
My mind was somewhere else when I was sitting in class.
Something serious like can I get a hall pass.
Now I just laugh at my past.
The light bulb went off, Edison check the phonographs.
Empire state of mind, my thoughts aren't far off.
From David Sarnoff of RCA.
My true love for poetry came from some longshot, sure shots.
Rest in peace MCA.
The circle of life on the record player just replay.
The rock cries out today, hope is mankind's biggest tune.
The wolf stands on it and howls at the moon.
The call of the Oscar Wilde.
Language to captivate.
Language to be wow-ed.
Upton's Jungle just moved uptown.
Illiteracy on the prowl.
The greatest people of all time expended for our pleasures right now.
The sowers of seeds that planted our towns.
Heavy is the head that holds the crown.
Heavier is the hand that holds the pen.
Because we all had the same start but no one ever the same end.

The Devil's playground is the idle mind.
Never believed in success of the ideal find.
Just by being at the right place at the right time.
I'd rather be the mastermind of my own success like the perfect crime.
That's my invictus, get locked up like Mandela and do the time.
Freedom has always been my Villa like Pancho.
So I guess I'll wear the stripes for Ralph Waldo.
And the ball &amp; chain for the days of Mark Twain.
I'm like Emily Dickinson when I write; you can feel the pain.
My Western Mind like to unwind.
But my residence is East of Eden so I have Steinbeck on the brain.
Just let the grapes of wrath ferment a little longer.
We 30 years past 1984 so Big Brother a little stronger.
My little brother personality is nothing to conquer.
Forever young, the silent majority never need to obey.
The point of view keeps changing but I'll never betray.
That's poison to my ears.
Young Hamlet you should stay.
Here's your pamphlet because life's a play.
A theatrical inception.
Talking doubles and triples like an infield in May.
The truth you are talking is more like hearsay.
Speak the language, to you my flow is oriental, Wu Wei.
Apocalypse now, the lack of communication is taking us back to the stone age,.
Curtis LeMay.
Not with a bang, but with a whimper, I find myself privileged to say.
Language is our greatest gift.
A lost art, A hidden treasure, a secret pleasure.
Got us up out of the food chain and out of the weather.
The story of mankind through which we may we live forever.
And as a poet, this is my admission to the society, my dues never need paid.
But my doctoral thesis falls on deaf ears.
Because we forget everything else as long as we're getting laid.

