Dead Presidents II (Freeverse) Lyrics
by Zinn.


I incinerate fallen angels I toast where the Gods sip.
The gossip will never reach me.
I'm on another plateau I get dough but still I never change.
You just rap slow the dime pieces are all up in my range.
My philosophy is ironic like Socrates.
I'm catching bullets with my bare hands if they pop at me.
Mold them like Play-Doh/Plato I never play though so if I'm not the best.
Or at least in the top ten I'll put the nine up to my chest.
Your future's Cobain I'm past sane you're sleeping with your eyes open.
You wake up in a dream but I'm still king.
Your favorite rapper is a diva.
Watch as I dethrone any P-clone who raps like the Queen of Sheba.

So I don't understand what they're hollering.
I'm cyanide remove his oxygen.
9-5 I'll turn sand to glass now they're back to throwing rocks again.
A kamikaze now they feel the pain I harbor.
Spent a hundred thou on beats but my tracks are way harder.
The flow's caviar I'm raw spitting fatal.
Lyrics that'll lift up your city like a tornado.
The eye of the storm a cavalier in the leer.
Flying over the head of jet setters I'm making it clear.
No intelligent design I wasn't made out of fear.
I'll murder the top tier like escaped convicts who shake spears.

I'll keep spitting 'til the world becomes my firearm.
A hundred rounds dumping when I'm aiming at Viacom.
And lyrically I'm equivalent to Leviathan.
With one light I ignite the crosses that they die upon.
Replace the white hoods with black hoods.
I'll reveal the truth like a seer until they smoke me like backwoods.
I'm not afraid to die you see it in my face.
They want to gamble with our lives until our souls become erased.
But I never fallback.
I severe my competition get beheaded on the track.
Toss in a few legends and a MAC-11.
I get cheddar like reverends hawking tickets to heaven.
What's the difference between a bullet and a Bible?
They both control the masses I'm just rapping for survival.
With Interscope in my inner scope I'm a slaughter raps.
Mention my name I snap back like Starter Caps.
My mind's open like Guantanamo.
BA's why Homeland Security's been active since Geronimo.
My music touches souls so you know the shoe fits.
I'm rocking J's with one mic when the truth spits.
It's funny how close friends want you to quit.
And the police make you feel like a degree ain't never meant shit.
But I'm a bachelor and they know my art is focused.
They're just pissed still cause I ain't packing pistols like a lotus.
And did I mention Uncle Sam's got your pension.
So harass me if you want but I'm not dying for attention.
I leave them hanging so welcome to the slaughterhouse.
5-0 pigs get roasted on arrival.
On the track, fade to black, lay them flat.
Bring it back, music's like crack so roger that.
Never cutting slack on the wack, heart attacks.
Spitting facts, counting these racks you know they come in stacks.

