Dead Presidents Lyrics
by Xali.


Let me show you how living in hell can leave you cold.
She like a easy snack.
7/11 hoes.
Her heart is empty, reflection is like a haunted home.
Emotions gone, a ghost, the absence of her soul.
You see, she been through the most.
Check her body for bruises.
As she dissolves from her baby father who raped her ruthless.
All in the name of business.
From days of prostitution.
A new client, from silent to violent and abusive.
See the results of that broken home when she so alone.
Living with relatives, but family isn't known.
Years go.
Grew up to the baddest chick.
*Seen the benefit of gentlemen, who trade her sex for chips.
Needed food for her JIT?*.
Looking loose on the strip.
Trading 50's for titties.
Throw 20 for extra tricks.
Saying 'No matter the risk.
The way of life remains the same.
Any dollar possible as profit is worth the pain'.
So, say hello to the dead.
*Jack's in her bed?*.
Well, her dress code is tight from getting looser in bed.
With thought of getting a hand with giving up head.
Open her legs with a focus on the bread.
She spread for that.
Her baby boy, she'll kill you dead for that.
Coke in her girdle.
Duck the feds for that.
Just a way of making a living.
She begs her God for forgiveness.
Knowing her devilish ways pay for her existence.
Show no resistance.

Feel a struggle as we hunger for peace.
Ill spitter for the things that I see.
Particles of my pride dropped in the pot with some p's.
With hopes to stir up a nation and make ya buckle in greed.
It's so Von momentous.
Skating over bling bars with the black Bart Simpson.
Just to, digress your stressful tension.
For my women pounding they thoughts.
Rather than clocks and Twitter mentions.
But it ain't no better.
Love's a lie when the line of hate seems so next to.
All the extras in every relation.
Find an alternative to network your emotions.
Rather than let the warden turn your situation.
Shouldn't even have to say this.
Generations far too stagnant and complacent.
With the Mac's and make ups, no more.
City boys rapping in your basement.
I'm not knocking ya.
But the ravings not at your door either.
This for my women all alone cause they niggas in the streets packing heaters.
And it's green bay at home.
So you stay in with the cheeses.
Despite the lies.
You vent your build up of emotions on top of Lauryn's Hills.
With a set of speakers.
Crazy how that match change.
But the eagle eye can still decieve ya.
Rebellious ether.
Facin' an Ant hill.
Tie my words an anvil over the ocean.
Just to get deeper and deeper.
Help you see the....

