Dearly Beloved Lyrics
by Z-Mane.


Have you ever loved somebody so much?
Saying you'll always be there for them when the times get rough.
You had to fight your way to love, yes, it was a tough battle.
Listen to the story, it's about a man who woke up to reality.
It all started back when he was 11.
A middle schooler, but he'd act so immature, you would think he's 7.
A class clown, forever pulling pranks with his brethren.
Then one day, something catches his eye, he calls it a glimpse of Heaven.
The most beautiful girl transfers to his school.
When he seen her, he was speechless, but he played it off cool.
She took a seat right next to him, then she turned with a smile.
She said, Hi, my name is...., in his head, he was like Wow!
But on the outside, he was cool as a fan.

Over the course of the year, he finally stepped up like a man.
Looked into her pretty eyes and he was finally her man.

Here we are again.
We used to be best friends.
I'll always love until the very end.
You are my dearly beloved.

Just like that, he had his girl, yep, my boy was happy.
His friend's so proud of him that they were nearly clapping.
Everyday throughout the school, they would kiss and hug.
Everybody's hating on them, but they just give them shrugs.
From 6th grade all the way to Junior year.
They were so in love, didn't really have a thing to fear.
And she's so beautiful and her kisses are so sweet.
Yes, he loves his girl, but his head is still up in the streets.
She tries to call him up but he's busy running out with his crew.
Getting into stuff, he got her waiting up until it's 2.
But of course she's gonna wait on him because he holds her heart.
And he says, No matter what I get into, we'll never break apart.
Time flies, he says, I'm chilling with my guys.
He always leaving her hanging, giving her bye byes.
All she wanna do is lay down with her boyfriend.
But he doesn't pay attention, guess the streets are more important.

Noremac The Gamer.
Here we are together, it's just you and me.
Everyday I see you, I'm just happy as can be.
You hold the key to my heart, I'll never let you go.
I'll always be by your side, you should already know.
You're my queen, nothing will come between.
This feels so real, it's like I'm in a dream.
Feeling like I'm floating, wait a second, where you going?
Was I just caught up in the moment?

A black hole in my heart, I'm like what's this?
Living without her, it really doesn't do me justice.
I'm upset, my girl done left me behind.
I was foolish running the streets, wasting all this time.
I swear we were gonna get married, my future without her is scary.
I'm barely able to manage, I'm falling into a panic.
Can't stand it, my heart has vanished, she said I changed so much that she.
can't remember me.
So now all I got are these memories.

