Death Is Rest Lyrics
by ZManic.

Was never askin for a lot god he never listens jus ahh task an get ahh shot.
its odd i blast an miss it like the past is on the dot an even if i hit the shit the mask is what i got.
an the moneys lookin like ahh.
dream run wit me son gun wit me we like ahh team its much needed support for when it seems ahh couple.
phenes in court an if we caught.
im takin life the snitch be taught your shakin knifes now shortys back hurts throwin partys in the black.
shirts black pants fit the body an ya mommy in ahh black skirt paper thick yet the stack hurt fuck the tricks.
nigga match that shit wit ahh black hearse we know the streets an give no tips ya know that my.
nigga throw the beats like clips an call it throwback deploy deep shit an call it slow rap keep em pleased.
leave ahh nigga no cap trigga creep release we know traps licks an cheese.
brainmatter hit ya ho lap it dont matter watch ahh ho nap hollow mix ya knees.
automatic follows hailin tips switchin clips till the click an seaze stingin.
niggas on the grips as if they throwin sticks at bees no eatin jus straw to.
the lips all in ahh sip if ya trick wit me imma fuckin magician all the tricks.
jus stick tahh me ahh lick will be new kicks 23's no trickery ahh prick will.
be lit like ahh bic or smoked like hickory im sick leave ya shit nicked an.
split bustin strings to the fakes like pics hit the shit an this is why that.
death is rest I squint the eye tahh dress the chest wit hollow tips tahh mess.
the rest I follow hits my dez confess cops follow shit so that dez one less.
ditch it while I run from em if ahh nigga wit shit imma ride wit em get ya lid.
hit then hide wit em once the cops an the opps clear imma stop it right here.
get my guap an ill cop beer 40 oz tahh get my mind clear rollin with my homies.
so I won't find fear my niggas know my niggas blow them triggas go an get cha.
wit ya ho we ruthless the truth is we beat ya with the pistol till ya ass is.
toothless if ya wanna blast we jus pass too quick wit those two fists uppercut.
till we gas ya ass cuz we do this.

