Death In 3s Lyrics
by Yung MillzZ.

I'ma come in on the fifth just tell me when you start.

Uh.
Kill em where he stands then stand over him shake his hand.
Then jump back in that minivan double back to the block and blam.
I ain't backing down for nothing.

Y'all niggas rock 16s fuck wit 32s.
U think you hard but Reggie got off 20 and hes 32.
Kliq deep out the south but D niggas run grimes.
Plus my niggas from the Chi is dirty too.
Treach from the 3rd just sent me pic of his chevy sittin on 32s.
I respect the hustle but I'm tryna get the lick off 32s.
&amp; I could do this til I'm 32 but my 8s when I was 8 is better than yo 32s.
&amp; you think that you can rap nigga you probably can't even FAP.
I can't either I got shawty's thats handlin that.
I'mma play the front y'all handle the back.
I'm gene simmons you peter chris, I be the shit u mudflaps.
Plus you still bumpin fif man who does that.
Fuck the haters and the ones who say they ain't but hate too.
Maybe if you showed somebody some love nobody would hate you.
Don't send no invites to yo pity party.
Cuz I got pitter patters bumpin my shit in kindergarden.
I'mma mothafuckin problem somebody come solve me.
They dreadin when I get on no Bob Marley.
Much closer to Marcus Garvey contenant with Rastafari Movements.
Is what I'm speakin to em.
And y'all focused on YouTube'in.
My shit go a little bit deeper.

I'm a teacher for you niggas who in need of guidance or alliance.
I got both y'all got hope well hop on for the ride and we ride.

Ego tripping, deebo spitting, a fucking titan on the mic &amp; I'mma be the.
prophet until y'all niggas enlightened.
What I drop for the love is turnin up unrequited in spite of the fact.
You roll around reciting my writings.

Less criminal spitters biting.
I'm fighting for my right to continue spiting.
I spit in spite of these niggas swiping my property.
And properly deliver the Bs for chus you niggas better get on ya Ps &amp; Qs.
Squeezin the rules while.
leadin the school, new one two.
guns while deletin ya crew.
Who come who run, better believe in a few.
Chosen are limited, the hole is resembling.
The finish line where a nigga flo was begining in.
I start at the pinnacle and only progress.
So everytime you hear it you should only expect less.
But best bet is that I'll end up better than your best bet.
So put em on the next Jet, still won't be as fly as me, but I digress.
As you digest this shit in respect of a mothafuckin prodigy.
I drop oddesys &amp; spit IB Profen.
Pain Killer main dealer of this audible drug.
If you find me in the club &amp; this shits playin best believe I be smoking.
High then a bitch, in light of the 6, enlighten the 6, raise high up the 6.
300 to my blood if you still ain't get it go buy the shit.
Wrong side of the fence &amp; I'm about to climb up that bitch.
&amp; if I ain't rhyming for shit I guess thats just my timing ain't shit.
But I'mma drop this anyway.

