Dedicated Lyrics
by Wonderstarz.


Now life has brought us to an end.
But still can't contend.
Oh my lady friend.
You were here now you ain't.
So now I comprehend.
Whatever I said in 7 wasn't the end!

হারিয়ে যাওয়া পথে আমি হেঁটেছি.
হারিয়ে যাওয়া বুকে আমি তোমায় পেয়েছি.
জানিনা কিকরে বোঝাই তোমাকে.
আমি ভেবেছিলাম তুমি থাকবে আমার পাশে চিরটাকাল.
মৃত্যু-ই আমাদের ধ্বংশ হওয়ার কারণ.
একবার ভেবে দেখেছ আমার লাগবে কেমন.

Fuck it, now she's gone, what can I do, but remember all the sacrifices I.
made for you.
You might be capable of livin' without me, but I ain't sit around a second if.
I ain't committed to you...
The best thing that's ever happened to me.
Can't believe it you're gone...
But wake up Sap it's true.
And I don't deserve all the things I've got all along.
I knew nothin' good ever lasts too.
The only thing I did was misunderstood!
Thought you were playin' me...
Not a bad suggestion as you were quite popular in skul.
Never thought you'd fall for a thug like me.
But those guys literally drooled over the thought of you.
And I'll stand there &amp; bear it motherfuckin' all?
No! I jus' tried to stand up- trusted you, my veins' all tied up.
You lied right up ‘bout your exes and sexes.
As a result straight-up got me vexed.

My life is worthless, free, discounted, burnt and stabbed by my brain and my.
heart.
Sit along pavements.. ailing, but still prevailing.
Believing I'll be headin' to you!
But who? Why? When? I'm losin' it all!
You made me mad, you're makin me fall.
Hurt all along. I'm your Mario, you're da one in the castle- ready to be.
rescued-.
Lose one step  And I'll lose it fuckin' all!

I begin where you end, you begin where I end.
Our story is the same, let's meet halfway?
I knew it was over between us, because that night.
When I sat to write, the paper turned red.
Why? You asked.
I remain baffled by the insecurity creeping out my pores and out onto my hair.
You can stand and stare as you watch me dissolving into the HALO you left for.
me there Dear.
You can't understand what I'm tryin' to say, yeah?
Well lets get this straight-.
You kicked him outta your life.. and now he's dead.
Lyrically, metaphorically and in all other ways.
Now it's time to figure out? Hey S, fuck that bitch man.
All she did was gain- Gain your money, ate your heart out- roughage,.
spit it out back her anus.

Give it up Sponny.. Life is all ‘bout mistakes.. What we choose to believe…
Our heart or our brain...
I followed my heart, but didn't get what I always want...
Unlike the five million people who do it everyday.
Maybe it's not me.. maybe it's her.. maybe it's something else.
No waste on stupid issues...
So let's just quit, submit, forget… fuck it!

