Deep End (The Underestimation of Troubled Tim) Lyrics
by Viro the Virus.


Sample from unknown track.
Born...Born...Born out my fucking mind....

Viro the Virus.
Timmy....
Timmy's a white dude in ninth grade thinking of a crime wave.
Or a murder spree 'cos he gets called a nerd and geek in school.
The ones that's cool make him play the fool.
And while he's taking shorts they get the girls and play the sports.
He's the one who does their book reports.
Gives them his prize while he's reviewing his notes in lunch period five.
In the study hall period four.
Him and his boy both feel the same and think of ways to make them feel their.
pain.
At home he suffers from boredom so.
He emails his cousins all night surfs the net and orders pornos.
He's called a weirdo in the halls.
Rudely usually his voice squeaks in response the penalty of puberty.
English teacher screams you have a thesis due to me!
But he was busy envisioning the future eulogies of all the students he.
Despises and idolises at the same time, he's designing a bomb for.
the crime.
When the pompous and popular arrive wanting fun.
Receive their demise from the gun under his cummerbund.
Revenge of the acne-faced who never had a date.
Mass homicide if he spikes the punch with cyanide.
It's quite a surprise like, one moment everyone's laughing and dancing.
Then the next moment everyone dies, with C4's strapped to his thighs.
The end result the years of pent-up pressure that pushed him to this resort.
Him and his man hate rap, and can't relate to blacks.
Can't talk to their parents 'cos of generational gaps.
And their fellow Caucasian kids with similar attributes.
Can't connect with the either 'cos they listen to rappers too.
Got a Swastika tattoo shaved his head to the skin.
Just to offend the social cliques who never let him in.
Him and his friend Benjamin sit in the gym.
Both the brunt of jokes, he just pretends he ain't listening.
Really it hurt like a kick to the shin.
Now death is the payback for being embarrassed in front of Kristen and Kim.
Can't wait for it to begin, their sinister plot should suffice as the price.
for years of not getting their props.
It's what they do on the Idiotbox, on the news at six o clock, so why should.
they not give it a shot?
Tim and Ben get to the spot, planning destruction.
Jovial shindig, but their manners disgusting.
Others cutting the rug but they're engaged in discussion.
In the corner making sure the scheme is in order.
Make the prom queen a goner, and all the other misses.
Who gave them semesters full of hisses instead of kisses.
And the bullies, like Reggie who daily gave them wedgies on the bus.
And would always bust on them 'bout being heavy.
Guidance counselor Ms. Betty knew he wasn't steady.
Now he's off the edge of sanity vendetta against humanity.
How often was he insulted angrily?
Too many to count, now redemption will come from a body count.
And blood loss in large amounts, troubled teen kamikaze mission.
They mapped it out in Tim's kitchen.
The pipe bomb would be their own invention.
Assembled from downloaded schematics and spare parts in Benjamin's attic.
Tim grabbed the automatic from under his daddy's mattress.
No cyanide or C4, but F it two out of four oughtta manage.
And now the plan is, for Ben to hide the gadget in his clothing.
And place it on the packed floor for its explosion.
Many dead, few that survived the wreckage would flee towards the exit.
Where Tim'll be standing to empty lead, next is direct hits.
At ten p.m Tim and Ben got in position to start it like ignitions.
But somethin', malfunctioned, the explosive had a key component missing.
But still it looked for injury inflicting, but didn't hesitate to detonate.
And made the culprit a victim.
Shrapnel to the face, supposed to kill the patrons.
Instead it went haywire backfired and slayed Ben.
What ensued was mayhem, expected reaction.
Except it happened, too fast and.
Tim wasn't ready for the distraction he hadn't reached the door yet.
Their play was broken after seeming like a sure bet.
It only made him more vexed, increased his heart palpitations.
Several startled students escaping, rapidly vacating.
But still time remains to succeed with the deed and reciprocate his pain.
Fatality for Miss congeniality.
Cheerleaders that dissed him and dodge ball captains that never picked him.
Kill them for recognition and now they'll never forget him.
Needless to say he proceeded to spray.
Aimed his negative energy at the heads of his enemies.
Proceeded to murder, no need to speak further.
Never under, estimate the hate of another, 'cos yo.

There are dark corners in everyone's mind and like any dark corner you never.
know what you'll find.
Take no one lightly, 'cos even the unlikely, can justify a reason to dive off.
the deep end.
There are dark corners in everyone's mind and like any dark corner you never.
know what you'll find.
Take no one lightly, 'cos even the unlikely, can justify a reason to dive off.
the deep end.
Never, under, estimate the hate of another.
Never, under, estimate the hate of another.
Never, under, estimate the hate of another.

Sample from unknown track.

Haha, now who's laughing.

Deep end, off the deep end....

Sample from unknown track.

Haha, now who's laughing.

Haha, now who's laughing.

Haha, now who's laughing.

Haha, now who's laughing.

