Definition of a King Lyrics
by Two Kings in a Cipher.

D.O.P..
A King, a King, what does it mean to me to be a King.
And bring, knowledge to the people as I rap and sing.
Having full control over everything.
Yeah that's a King.

Amen-Ra.
Your mind, your body, working in perfect harmony.
And learning to control your destiny.
And free your world which is full of negativity.
And live it conciously.

D.O.P..
Aiyyo why , do you think they call me D.O.P..
Cause I bring the special delivery.
That make the deaf hear and blind see.

Amen-Ra.
I'm the star.
The one they call the noble Amen-Ra.
The message in my music stands far.
So it'll reach ya enlightening.
The peoples of the eyes or the peoples which I be.

I'm the king.

Yo what is a cipher, three hundred sixty degrees.
The cycle is square, a circle completion.
D.O.P. is speaking -- people always ask the relation between.
The cipher and a King, and like a noun it's a person place or thing.
But let's get a little deeper now, can we do it?
For those who already knew it let the others get into it.
First let's observe a square, four lines are connected.
All sides are measured equal; trust me, great minds have checked it.
Yeah I think I'm gonna.
There's four right angles in a square, ninety degrees in every corner.
And by using multiplication you simply.
Multiply ninety by four you get three sixty.
And like I mentioned in the first line of this rap.
A cipher is three sixty and three sixty is complete, black.
To show and prove that I'm not stiff like a cucumber.
On to the circle three hundred sixty is a born number.
When I say born I mean life.
Cause when you are born you come into a new light, ain't that right? Right.
Like nine months of pregnancy, a new birth.
I'm gonna explain further but first....

OK, now back to the definition.
You probably get a better definition by using simple addition.
If you add three plus six plus zero you're born nine.
We talked about nine, in the thirty-seventh line.
So look for the path, to receive the gift.
Blessed to be one of Allah's children to prosper and if.
You live your life the right way.
You too can be a King and a Queen, in a cipher one day.
And if this definition of a King is still too rough.
Pick up a book and look it up, peace.

