Definition Lyrics
by The Wolf Pack.


Yo what up?
I got a question.
Do you love me?
Or do you love what you see?
Understand me?
Can you answer that fo' real?
Cause life is real, you know what I'm sayin?
I ain't got.
I ain't got time to waste here,so check it out.

Is a damn all you got to give your man girlfriend.
Understand the fact that I'z a black man girlfriend.
I need a woman who ain't in this industry whirlwind.
Please honey got to work hard for that money indeed.
You best believe in a brother.
We can be with one another.
Care for a ***** like a mother.
Son I'm fuckin numb,dammit.
Anytime,Anyplace like Janet.
Definitely an advantage.
Cause sex be empty when you plan it.
Cooking skills are demanded emphatically.
And looking ill naturally it captures my eyes,no lie.
She got to be about Reality,Spirituality,of African Nationality.
Or else she got to be out.
No doubt!
Flesh of my flesh in her mouth.
As long as it takes,only to relieve the stress.
Using her mind as a weapon,all around down for mines.
I design her like my she wolf, but can you be the dime.
“Yo!”.

What's your definition of a man?
I thought the plan was go hand in hand,please make me understand.
Cause you be acting like you don't give a damn.
As if a damn is all you have to give your man.

I ask her woman's intuition what's her definition.
Cause maybe,baby,I be fitting the description.
Hope we be hitting it of,like the Fourth of July.
I see them rockets up in the sky.

Hold your strut but what the fuck do you function.
You out for something?
A groupie,tryna do me,a ho.
Tryna meet O through to me.
You watch too many movie floozy.
We don't play that here.
WOLFPACK make it clear.
Ain't no tighter bond on this here atmosphere.
So now I know your plan,and how you scam.
Your best scram.
‘Fore I turn Conan.
See that's what I mean,always out for the green.
Dissing other brother.
Tryna do the right thing like Mookie.
It's all about the loochie.
But brother check this,don't be wreckless and trust no hoochie.
Now ladies don't think that I'm trashing ya.
But by the way some be actin “Yo!” I'm asking ya.
Now ladies don't think that I'm trashing ya.
But by the way some be actin “Yo!”, I'm asking ya.

So you ask your self that.
And then you come back and tell me what's up.
Aiight?
Aiight!

