Delicate Cycle Lyrics
by The Uncluded.


I can take my finger off, old dog, old trick.
New twist like actually take the finger off.
Wrap it in a blanket as you would a severed horse head.
Mail it to a friend you wanna pinky swear more with and.
Should they need a forearm or something they can practice drawing skulls on.

Cut it from the shoulder.
while the saw's warm.
The full appendage really make a world of difference.
Included too are 30 teeth to chew out all your critics.
32 would have been perfect, 2 were casualties of it's it's-.
I always wanted radder things for Christmas.
The rest were cool.
I'm shipping out a torso in the a.m.
You should learn to hit the organs every time at 40 paces - it's important.

I can't explain why now, by the way.
Legs in a crate delivery by today.
If a uniformed man knock knocks, sign his document.
You shouldn't have to walk out to the mailbox for the other shit.

My mom was a lunch lady when I was in elementary school.
She was outside during recess.
She had a whistle and I thought that that was cool.
She was really nice to all the kids who didn't have a lot of friends.
She would give them hugs and tell them jokes or she'd play catch with them.

And, my dad worked at the laundromat which was really cool to me.
I'd get to open up the washing machines.
And clean them out and collect the money.
And I'd open soap dispenser and put new little boxes of soap inside.
I knew how it worked and I was good at it.
And helping out filled me with a sense of pride.
I would meet all kinds of people there and I would look them in the eye.
And I'd say Hi! Excuse me, but do you mind.
If I shine the glass while your clothes dry?

Aesop Rock &amp; Kimya Dawson.
My whole life is a.

A delicate cycle, a delicate cycle.

Inside a jar with a lid, a giant arm with head.
They said it used to walk upright and like New York after ten.
One day it woke up out of order, nothing more to extend.
Delicate cycle in the alpha of its orbiting zen.
When interpersonal skill is already poor at its best.
A conversation can be riddled with exorbitant debt.
And you don't know it, but I know I owe you more than I've kept.
So if you find a biohazard by your door on the step.
Maybe it couldn't find its faculties, but swore it would help.
Wanted to be a larger part than its abnormalcies let.
Hang on, I'm overnighting eyes with a headlight-deer stare.
One up, Vin Van, UPS.
an ear pair.
Wear 'em if you need a new perspective on a weird year.
And one day when I'm better we can square away a fair share.
The last frame silhouetted by the sun.
Was an air mail stamp on a still warm tongue.

I was 26 years old the first time I lived in a house.
With a washer and dryer in it and that's the year I bottomed out.
Maybe what was missing was the sense of community that comes from.
Hauling your big old load out in public and airing your dirty laundry.
And the company of other people who also don't have the amenities.
At their convenience in a home that's so set up that they never have to leave.

I miss the smell, the dust, the coins, the trust.
The squeaky carts, the vibrations.
The bucket full of bleach, the dryer sheets.
The old pay phone, the giant sink.
I'd watch my daddy mop the floor.
And my heart started with a quarter.
I'd watch my daddy mop the floor.
And my heart started with a quarter.

