DeLorean Lyrics
by WordPlay T.JAY.


Background: So I can go on and on and on..
Milk &amp; honey we pouring, can't you see that we're soaring.
Futuristic flooring they gave T.JAY the DeLorean.
X2: I'm tryna take myself back to the future.
X2: You know you want this feeling right?
So we're taking this here out of sight.

Back into your face just like some Clearasil, Mind turn like carousels.
You ain't seen me this sick then you don't know me well.
You get it? I've been up here with my fitness.
Married to the bars I had Jesus as my witness.
God read the vows so I'm committed/I'm wit it.
Half these rappers want to yap but they don't know no business.
Shhh, Yup, they don't own their business.
You kidding? OTMMG, must you reconsider.
Go figure my jeans a little fitter I been this cold.
What they going after seconds, yeah I been ‘dun scored.
I can't be ignored, tune in my allure.
My future's more secure, so what you do this for?
The whips and chains…slavery came and went.
Had to get up out the hood from the chains to the fence.
From the change to the rent I don't think you notice.

What can I say to all you rappers? Hustling backwards.
Fraternizing like chapters can't surround myself with slackers.
Don't know T-DOT..Let me see can I re-plot.
Daddy planted the seed and treated me like a re-pot.
But I think not, I began to flourish and be nourished.
My sick ambition--Super enormous.
Seven years old thinking a decade in the future.
New position I'm itching let's do some Kama sutra.
Let's do this super duper I put my cape on.
It's been a year nigga lets put this cake on.
While fake ones put their face on we can snatch the trophy.
Watch how you approach me...Nigga, Now you know me?!
Ya phony and I told you that I got this a long time ago.
I cut you off must you be reminded though.
One more time no need to rewind me Yo.
I'll cut you off now you've been reminded ho.

X2 Tryna get back to the future right.
And while I'm here You can say you know me right?
X2: You know you want this feeling right?
So we're taking this here out of sight.

