Demonz -n- my sleep Lyrics
by Woodie.

Blackbird:.
Gabe's a west 20th street legend now, you know.
Gotta keep that shit alive.
Keep the story alive for the youngsters and shit.
Show em what a real soldier does when he's caught behind enemy lines.

Woodie:.
Tick tock, the clock is tickin in the Yoc.
My pistol's stocked, the hammer's cocked.
The top is dropped from block to block.
How long will it be before I'm shot.
Hole in my knot, enemies got me slippin.
By the park in my skylark distracted by my CD skippin.
They got me good, cracked my skull.
Member Wood time to go, with my final breath in slow motion.
I could feel my soul, driftin from my flesh.
So much for a bulletproof vest.
I left my ride to Lil Bird, homeboy sorry about the mess.
I just got one favor to ask.
Could you handle the simple task and make sure.
Those who took my last breath die a gruesome mass death.
Don't know where I'm headed, I'm lookin around for hell or heaven.
And then I woke up with a pain in my gut, headache and sweatin.

I crack an old e to release, to keep my mind in one piece.
Cuz sanity is hard to keep when fightin demons in your sleep.
I try to view life in better ways with bright sunny days.
But memories of dead homies invade ignitin my rage.

Blackbird:.
You guys know what happened.
You know shit got f*cked up after while.
Brother got shot and I just went crazy.
I didn't give a f*ck no more.

Woodie:.
I'm starin at my homie laid out stiff on a gurney.
2 shots to the head, no he can't be dead.
The thought of it got my stomach turning.
With a 1 million dollar bail he couldn't be caught for years.
With detectives following dead end trails.
Where the f*ck did he disappear?
It's gotta be one of his tricks to get them Antioch dicks up out his mix.
When the APD is callin it quits.
He's tucked away at a motel 6 that's gotta be it.
It's gotta be, it's the only way it all fits.
I placed 2 fingers upon the lips of the body and then it hits.
This is my homie, the body it ain't a phony.
Holy shit his wig is split, my legs forgettin to hold me.
I gotta sit down, my disbelief's completely erased, I felt displaced.
A salty taste builds up as tears run down my face.
While it's sinkin in, I'm thinkin in a murderous fashion.
The swat team only shot one thing.
Act as a legal assassin, now Raymond, Blackbird and his babies.
Rest in peace, their days are over.
Every homie got more gang obligations laid on my shoulders.
Gotta get Snoop released by slappin g'z down on criminal lawyer fees.
Keep my gang outta police sight.
Produce and write, make money increase, handlin funk at the same time.
Makin this Yoc life shit go nationwide in case I die before we rise.
I apologize homeboys I tried.

I crack an old e to release, to keep my mind in one piece.
Cuz sanity is hard to keep when fightin demons in your sleep.
I try to view life in better ways with bright sunny days.
But memories of dead homies invade ignitin my rage.

Blackbird:.
You remember me.
The mainyest one in the click.
Those days are gone now, I'm kinda weak minded now.
You know after all these years of runnin and shit.
I'm still crazy don't get me wrong.
I'll still kill a mutherf*cker real quick.
Every once in a while you guys have a barbecue and remember me.
You know what I'm sayin.
I love you guys all of you.

