Destroy Me Lyrics
by Uno Hype.


Took it too far so I had to leave.
Took it too far so I had to leave.
I took my car the roads gonna give me wings.
I took my car its gonna give me wings.
Sometimes what I want is not what I need.
Sometimes what I want is not what I need.
Someday loves gonna destroy me.
Someday loves gonna destroy me.

She said she wanna take it all.
So I told her take it off.
Then she looked me in my eyes and said.
Ay baby what you take me for.
I ain't even tryna say that you a whore.
I just wanna know you better I call it explore.
While yo old man busy dude tryna start a war.
I be in my zone I move with the peace core.
What he want beef for because he was before.
My team marine corps. and bang like C4.
Well I call that shit the bomb we don't do the rings.
But I call that shit Lebron and you so bad shoulda took that ass to prom.
That's not what I'm on she look better with those on.
But those five hundred days of…are now gone so Uno movin on.
Tryna get to a queen movin with these pawns.
I just treat em like Tron but id be lying if I said that.
Used to call every now and then to see where my head at.
So my place of comfort is where I fled at.
You can have it all I should have never said that.

Took it too far so I had to leave.
Took it too far so I had to leave.
I took my car the roads gonna give me wings.
I took my car its gonna give me wings.
Sometimes what I want is not what I need.
Sometimes what I want is not what I need.
Someday loves gonna destroy me.
Someday loves gonna destroy me.

This was a feeling that I felt before.
This was the road that she never chose.
When the doubt started to come ain't have no fuckin hope.
But we climbing up the rope and paddling the boat.
Just happened to blow away all these minds.
Optimistic views I'm throwin up peace signs.
So what you wanna find, the truth of it all.
While they lose the ball man I'm through? And win it all.
And never choose to fall origami with the wallpaper.
Stayin in my own section see yall later.
Push cruise control ride by haters.
Ha, you a fly guy ain't ya.
Tie die gangsta you a fan I'm a pacer.
Pencil and eraser you dudes can't fade us.
Tell them boys to shape up they outta shape bruh.
Run circles on tracks stop chasin.
One eye open on the money no masons.
And clowns throwin darts won't graze us.
I know them shots givin worn faces.
I know them week niggas won't face us.
Broads wanna taste us, body bodacious.
Just to fuck with slates with greatness.
I'm everybody's favorite movin through a matrix.
No games cocked back I should never play with.
Let alone say it, I think spears? But they came right back.
So I'm putting fears in these mutha fuckin raps.
I faced those fears but they came right back.
So I'm putting fears in these mutha fuckin raps.

