Destroy the Scenery Lyrics
by United Kingdom.


United Kingdom ... the UK 
We're bringing fire war 
To those that oppose against the chosen 
 
Timbo King Royal Fam 
As, the sun rises heat rays strikes the light geysers 
Vision makes me see all snakes through their disguises 
Who's the wisest you'll be under we'll be overstanding. 
The four devils don't exist in our cipher 
We have to fight you free from dumb, true and lighter 
Knowledge provider. My limitation is above water. 
These are the days of the last quarter, 
Staying in tune observing all aspects of life, 
Intelligent minds, building electrical powerlines 
Magnetic attracts metal made of steel 
Disconnect your internet burn corporate seals. 
Islams is shield when we fight against satin 
Allah. U Akbar time for revelations 
I'll bomb nations who deal with paganism 
False teaching were here to civilize a whole region, 
Right and exact. My brain contains inner outer tissues. 
While, you be popping pistols, we be launching nuclear missles 
Crimson Tide. We react like Denzel, 

Inhale and exhale. We prevail, 
, 
Snuggle-Up, C.O.I.N.S., 
Now 
Money, you stole my rhyme. So why dont you just confess 
Your mouth will say no, but your body will say yes, 
Your ears'll say I heard it your feet. I brung a beer. 
The angel'll find you quilty and award me the mayor, 
Internal flowing on a mountain thats, blasted 
So cry for your lives and the fight is everlasting 
Freeze repent. Ladies and gents, and save your spirit 
Cuz. Once judgment comes, I ain't trying to hear it. 
Suckers say ain't. Nothing wrong love is something long. 
But nowadays hit the wrong button and your gone 
Its written and caress about people having sex 
If your holes, too big uhh, shorty i'll renig, 
A, fig with milk, the Eifel Tower tilts 
To, roast MC's thats. Why? The Coin MC was built: 
My grandmom's took a whole year to sew a quilt 
It read a hard head leaves a soft tale. 
So when you cheat, you get a beating, 
I hope it rings a bell. One two, I know you Power-U 
This is a message to you and you and you 
 
Timbo King 
What, Yo 
You fake moves like you play chess 
Off with your head. Yes, striking at night with a army vest 
Test the mic with words. That'S scientific 
A, chemist in a laboratory building off physics, 
I break you down chopping you up in small pieces. 
My flows updated like pants without creases 
Heat releases. When energy is conducted, 
A forty block radius, the castle is constructed, 
My fam's, loyal. We stay royal. Just like Egyptians, 
I slam like Islam, my knowledge brings wisdom, 
I bomb you with plutanium mixed with C-4 
Fuck up your route and lane with a detour 
You rap peasants. You dont impress my intelligence 
Off with your head. Pawn 4 no type of evidence 
Case closed legally. We be regally 
Catapults, hit direct, destroy the scenery, 
 
 Snuggle-Up *Killarmy sample in background*, 
 
You know what I mean. My man Kruger's, even here 
All of my other family's here 
You, know who I'm talking about ... the real cats 
The real kings, the real Gods, y'all dont, want it. 
U.K. U.K. we're gon na bring that in y'all, 
For the'98 and on and on we're gon na bring that in y'all 
U.K.. We rule we're taking out your kingdom 
What for real everything is ours. 
U.K. ,'98 word is bond 
Peace to the Gods and Earths-Queens 
Peace
 
