Deuce-5 To Life Lyrics
by X-Raided.

Artist, X-Raided 
Album Xorcist 
Song Deuce-5 To Life 
 
187 gang related, I'm accused 
And after every court date. My face is on the news. 
They say I wrote a song about a murder. 
I maintain my innocence. It'S nothing but a coincidence. 
I'Ll admit it looks kind of shadey 
From the outside looking in 
The situation is serious, but people don't comprehend. 
I was 17 years young back in'92 
Facing 25 to life for something I didn't do. 
My song is supposed to be a big admission on my part. 
And they're, using the lyrics against me when my trial gets ready to start. 
My songs are being misinterpritated, 
It ain't, nothing, but the D.A. trying to prove premeditated 
They've got X-Raided stuck majorly crossed up. 
The D.A. got a fucked up. Witness and my lawyer is a dump truck 
I've been sitting in the county. Three years have already went by 
They're, pressuring my Locs trying to get them to testify. 
Snitching ain't, no joke it's hazardous to your health 
When! You point one finger at me: you're pointing three back at yourself: 
My homies got convicted for murder in the first degree, 
Ain't no doubt about it. They'Ll try to do worse to me. 
They. Take me in the court room in front of an all white jury 
With. The family looking me with barely concealed fury, 
My lawyer, standing next to me, prepared to represent 
And help me get convicted cause to him. 
I'M guilty till proven innocent ..., 
 
Why. They trying to give me deuce-5 to life 
They, trying to give me 25 to life, cause I'm guilty till proven innocent ..., 
 
I, open up the front page of the Sacramento Bee. 
And read the article that Dan McGrath wrote about me. 
He has his own opinion and it's his job to write. It 
I say he's being biased and completly. One sided. 
The media write their stories for the public to consume 
And. Any chance I have of getting a fair trial in Sac is doomed 
Any potential jurors. Mind is being contaminated. 
From reading all the bull they wrote about, X-Raided 
I, never told anybody to go out, kill somebody's folks, 
And blaming it all on me and 
A song, I wrote is a complete joke. 
They'Re, looking for a move but they're looking in the dark. 
Putting, a noose around my neck and a bullet in my heart 
Just, because I'm capable of killing doesn't mean I kill 
And just because I'm capable of killing doesn't mean I will 
I wish they all knew. How can I make you feel me, 
X-Raided didn't do it, but I've got ta ride, cause I'm guilty till proven
innocent ... 
 
Why. They trying to give me deuce-5 to life 
They, trying to give me 25 to life, cause I'm guilty till proven innocent ..., 
 
I'm. Knowing I'm going to end up in the pen 
Fighting my appeal and hoping that I win 
It's me and Baby Bread fighting this fucked up case, 
Like, Dooney and B-Dub, trying to get these years erased 
In Sac! There ain't no love when you're from the Garden, Blocc, 
Maniac, C-Mooney, Baby, Snake and Lil' Venom already got washed 
I'm trying to keep my head up, but my load is getting heavy 
It makes me want to do like Sicx, take some Tylenol and get it over with 
But instead, I just maintain and do everything to keep my composure. 
Representing, the Blocc to the fullest and riding like a soldier. 
I told you fools the X-Loc ain't going out like the average 
I didn't, kill your folks, but if you run up, then I got ta loc up like a
savage 
On that ass bitch, it ain't nothing personal thang, it's just about
survival 
And, I'm going to be 125 years Old before I die 
If I can help it. 
You made your threats and I felt it, but I ain't dead yet 
So you niggas talking about 
What you're, going to do when you see me 
I'll, be on the weights wearing state boots and a beanie 
I wish. I didn't have to be this way, but it's reality. 
So, I'm strapped based on the fact 
I'm guilty till proven innocent ... 
 
Why. They trying to give me deuce-5 to life 
They, trying to give me 25 to life. 
Cause, I'm guilty till proven innocent ..., 
 
