Devil's Advocate (prod. Wonder Bred) Lyrics
by Wonder Bred.


He sets the rules in opposition, it's the goof of all time.
Look, but don't touch. Touch, but don't taste.
Taste, but don't swallow. Hahahah!
And while you're jumping from one foot to the next what is he doing?
He's laughing his sick, fucking ass off!
He's a tight ass, he's a sadist!
He's an absentee landlord! Worship that? Never!

The Greatest trick the Devil ever pulled.
Was convincing the world he didn't exist....

Devil's Advocate, Schizophrenic on an acid trip.
Never could I ever put this pen down.
Never could I ever, quit or sit down.
Lotta Angels and Demons.
I keep seeing.

I can't leave 'em and.
I know I can't keep em. x2.

All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
Trapped in a void, attacking in noise.
Snatching the choice, rap back and forth.

God is my witness and this is twisted.
Young Goodman Brown, surrounded with witches.

All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy... x2.

I'm gonna bash 'em right the fuck in!

Parental Advisory, inventing mahogany.
You'll find that I'm God, get on with the Lobotomy!
It's the other side of me.
Like Red Hot Chili Peppers.
Young Rap Meriwether.
Sometimes scary fella....

The creatures come out, it's evening now.
I'm not gonna hurt you, Imma beat ya down!
The beat can bounce while I'm tweakin' out!
Who let the dogs out? I freed the pound!
NZT in my mouth, an indecent amount.
Who let the dogs out? I freed the pound.

Am I insane or are you the crazy one?
I work during days, you the lazy bum.

Blood, Sweat, and Tears.
I lust for your fears. x2.

Bumping the bass all over the place.
Strobe lights in my face go night to the day.
Pen, no erase, I led the way.
Legendary heavyweight like Hemingway.

Mrs. Torrance, yo, I can SHINE!
It's important, I'm dropping rhymes!

The Greatest trick the Devil ever pulled.
Was convincing the world he didn't exist....

A lot of lies all the time, fall in line, hand and foot.
I want your mind like Hannibal.
I eat with people, feast like a cannibal.

If this creeps you out, that's the point!
PCP in the loud? Pass the joint!
I'm past the point of no return.
I hope this burns, my brand is words.
You got my back? Cause I can't turn.
No manager at the banister.

If you couldn't burn in Hell, would you worship Heaven?
Am I irreverent for asking questions? x4.

Devil's Advocate, Devil's Advocate.

If you couldn't burn in Hell, would you worship Heaven?
Am I irreverent for asking questions? x2.

He's an absentee landlord! Worship that? Never!

This is a dream at your childhood house.
Where you grew up but you're older now.
All the porches are lit, along the street.
But there's nobody out, to be seen.
You start getting chased, you want to scream!
Is this a dream?

But you can't tell.
You run through the night and you run like Hell.
Familiar sights, familiar smells.
Run through the streets you remember well.

No place is safe for complacent's sake.
Go to your old porch, the light is on.
Something's wrong and it feels so calm. x2.

The house is all dark but you open the door.
It should feel safe, you lived here before.
Go up the stairs and each one creaks.
Cross the hall to your room to sneak a peek.

Your spine starts shivering, the vibe feels funky.
Turn your head in the dark, see Daddy and Mummy.
You want to scream, but time just freezes!
They start chasing and you start leaving!
Hearing your name yelled, and your heart beating.
Wait Until Dark? No not even!
Open the front door but you're still screened in.

Fiddle with the lock, you hear them comin'.
Break out the box, you just keep runnin'.
Run up the block, you hear a car hummin'.
Ya moms and ya pops, you just want lovin'.

I'm gonna bash 'em right the fuck in!

You got nothin' and they are comin'.
Hear police sirens, nowhere to hide in.
Hella cars driving your parents are tyrants.
Had enough this time and you feel like dyin'.

Blue and Red lights flashing, white lights flashing.
Pistol in your pocket, take it out, cock it.
All of the cops is yelling to drop it.
All you ever wanted was the chase to stop and.
Then you shot it....

Beep beep beep, there's your alarm.
Sweat on your cheeks, sweat on your palms.
Check in your hand, no firearm.
No broken skull at the break of dawn.

Was it all a nightmare?
You were downright scared.

If life was fair, then flights of stairs.
Wouldn't be creaky or creepy if light was there. x2.

Remember this all about your life.
Cause the creepiest creatures come out at night.

The Greatest trick the Devil ever pulled.
Was convincing the world he didn't exist....

