Dey Know (Freestyle) Lyrics
by Wordplay.

They know me this yo, I spit like a little kid. 
I started off like Ash Roth. What are you gon do bitch, 
I, rarely freestyle, but today is a new day. Fuck, robbing I'll wait for my
check on payday 
And. I don't eat Payday's. And my birthday is around the day of D-Day 
I'm colder than ice cubes and your ass is just Day-Day 
I'm 1-Up'ing, your bitch ass from Sunday to Sunday, 
Imma freestyle for the whole song, 
Got, Venus and Serena playing with my balls, like ping-pong 
Shut, your fat ass up little nigga, here's a Ding-Dong 
If, I stress I'll chill with my hunkies and smoke out of a bong 
I bet my remix to Riot will be your favorite song. 
Me and Kwazi. Get high call us Cheech and Chong 
Same message, but different song 
That's. What the rap game is nowadays, nigga. That'S! What'S wrong! 
When I smoke. I speak. What'S on my mind, 
I ain't ask for your cosign, like the derivative of sine 
Your bitch, light skinned. Well, now she's mine. I'll eat her out so good she'll
feel it in her spine, 
My bitch from Austria. So when she sucks she gives me Einstein., Empoleon, use
Brine, 
Listening to Casey Veggies and we sound alike 
When. I drive to Kissimmee, I go past the Florida turnpike 
Little nigga take a hike.. I eat ass… Sike 
Go to a club and get twerked on like Patty Mayo is my boo 
My dick fits in my size, 13 shoe., I'm 5'8”, but I'm a beast. Like I'm 9'2” 
And, I go ham like peasant food.. Your rhymes are dead, like a nigga with cancer 
So bitch ride my dick ‘cause. My name is Prancer.. That bitch lied. She said: she
was a dancer, 
I, ain't A.I. but Word Play is the answer.. I took the test and I ain't know: the
answers 
I coped that 2007 Mitsubishi Lancer.. Why are all the main city above the
Tropic of Cancer 
But I'll get a Filipino bitch? She my dancer 
Ayo. Even if you cut my head, off… I'll still be getting a nut off. 
Which head was I talking ‘bout., I ain't telling you muthafucka jack off 
I, don't want to toot my own horn., But I play trombone 
And. When I run track my body be pumping gallons of testosterone. 
I got hella ice on my neck, like I got choked by Mr. Freeze 
Want, to borrow my PS3 controller Nigga please., I got all money. Call me Mr.
Cheddar Cheese 
And, my bitch say she got rug-burn. She been on her knees, please
 
