Dia de los muertos [Day of the dead] Lyrics
by Visual.


If Hiphop is dead then Fuck it I'm right next to it.
In the mausoleum with the death certificate.
&amp; my skin begins to itch because the bugs are biting it.
Rigamortis settles in so my limbs begin to stiff.
Raw! I'm rockin blue lips &amp; frozen finger tips.
I'm dead , Fuck your fashion you pretty little bitch.
I don't play with my shit.
I'm as serious as this.
&amp; this is so sick your whole click shits bricks 8.
So they built a whole crib using their own bullshit.
&amp; now they hide inside of it, &amp; build schemes inside of it.
Mocking all the people, glorifying ignorance.
They lack intelligence so they just get what they could get.
They could have have the lies, money, hoes &amp; funny clothes.
I'll take knowledge of self &amp; my fuckin soul.
Hello Hiphop! &amp; What's up Joe !
The world is on my mind but my heart is in the GO.

This is real rap shit from a kid from the GO.
My streets are full of gang-bangers,hustlers &amp; potholes.
Police, guns, drugs,liars &amp; hot hoes.
So trust , here we don't have long to be a snot nose.
I walk a righteous path full of insight &amp; math.
But subtract positivity &amp; I will spazz.
Transform into a monster with bloody fangs.
Look into my fangs, see fake rappers hang 8.
Claws straight from a movie.
Visualize my movies.
It ain't no mystery most rappers are Scoobys.
Cartoon characters, trying to get groovy.
All about trends, bullshit &amp; groupies.
Too much weed in your raps &amp; fashion flows from you fags.
See I get fly &amp; get high but ya'll wack.
I'm the rap Taranrtino, the gritty Dinero.
The crazy Pacino, the voice of the people.

I don't stare at a steeple but still kill all the evil.
Maneuver through my life with the freedom of an eagle.
I rap with my heart, these suckas rap with they ego.
And I see you Lil fuckas, ya'll are my hijos.
Ya'll copy my stilo &amp; lie to the people.
But my people see it all ho, they don't believe you.
This that gritty Diddy, no pity in my city Diddy.
The busy grizzly, cold, while lames stay bitchy 8.
I was simply iffy, till I had an epiphany.
I saw god come get me &amp; say stay witty.
Yeah the devils tricky but god stays winning.
&amp; you will be great my son, with me willing.
So its righteous scheme'in again you demons.
A big Fuck you goes to all you leeches.
Ask god himself, I'm here for real reasons.
The bullshit is dead &amp; Hiphop is breathing.

