Different Zone Lyrics
by Twistid Rob.


I won't apologize for terroristic themes and analogies.
I'm the kinda beast that can bring world peace to his knees reach deep pull.
rhyme our test out of em.
I can intervene or do my own thing.
My soul is screamin and my nose is bleedin.
For the love of the money I'm fuckin fiendin, if I gotta commit a crime that's.
a reason.
You really think you could beat us? We were blessed from the fetus.
Chin check every heathen, soundwaves from the speakers leave you leakin.
Chop you up mouth piece just like a meat cleaver.
Talkin shit? I dont believe em.
Clock is tickin, when in season.
Similes and metaphors all I'm eaten.
Quit tryin to beat em just get out my region.
Leigon of doom, my goons come with the vernacular boom.
To any in tracks with spectacularly accurate views.
Broken tools of what god gave me so I use.
Un-Christian views are broken too, religion is a.
Mission accomplished you're listenin you're astonished.
I demolished your integrity, come on let's just be honest.
My flow is polished, all of the hate? I will abolish.
While I paint lyrical masterpieces, Chadrick DaVinci to the cowards.

What's wrong with the mind that I own? Thinking I was dirt but I'm in a.
different zone.
My sight is playing tricks on me, my ears are hearing things, I'm not.
believing anything I'm shown.
What's wrong with the mind that I own? Thinking I was dirt but I'm in a.
different zone.
I've lost myself inside of my thoughts, my soul is tied in knots with.
everything that I've ever known.

Welcome to the world of my optimism, With these obstacles is the competition.
Messin with a killer and a harder vision, murdering insticts called ambition.
Rappin my quickness they gotta capture my vision adrenaline goin heavily.
breathin.
Schiz'n like I'm on the path of being crazy and takin some victims.
When I get loose like an overloaded cannon , take em out where they're.
standing.
Oh snap! I went off that random guess you needed better plannin.
You in the wrong spot at the wrong time when the song chimes it's all mine.
Im handin sickness with a witness my vicious way of understandin.
The real from the fake we dont relate I'm writin my own novel.
You're no character in the story just a message in the bottle.
Not even that, you be hollow.
Empty stomach I needa gobble.
On the track or off the beat I'm merkin the weak it's prodigal.
But you haters are practical, treat you other people like animals.
Step away cause I'm flammable, destruction by the intangible.
Dr. Doom, I'm bringin whom, Chadrick Da Vinci lock the room.
Hit a little guppy with a sharp harpoon, back in the scene with a darker tune.

What's wrong with the mind that I own? Thinking I was dirt but I'm in a.
different zone.
My sight is playing tricks on me, my ears are hearing things, I'm not.
believing anything I'm shown.
What's wrong with the mind that I own? Thinking I was dirt but I'm in a.
different zone.
I've lost myself inside of my thoughts, my soul is tied in knots with.
everything that I've ever known.

