Different Time Zones Lyrics
by Wu Block.

Produced by Frank Dukes.

Ghostface Killah.
Sitting in this library, man.
Reading these fucking books.
Britannica Encyclopedias, L. Ron Hubbard, Tony Robertson.
These muthafuckas, you know what I'm saying?
Sheek Louch.

Glasshouse.
I reside by the library.
Yves Saint Laurent frames.
Sipping Ciroc berry.
Burning the big dutch, sweet feet up.
Long ashes hanging off the blunt, then I pluck.
Fell back power napping.
Stones they cover my bones.
Bricks laying on my pinkie like tombstones.
Unbutton my shirt, unloosen my tie.
Got the fireplace up real high.
Cuban maid sliding me cookies, tall glass of lemonade.
Chandeliers hanging over my head.
Sitting like a cloud of haze.
Larry King on mute.
They about to bury Wesley for taxes.
Then shot across the two.
Then I grabbed the remote, hit the volume on the big lion.
The screens in his mouth, a ninety inch giant.
Went to commercial, the phone rang.
“Yo, what up Sheek?”.
“Ain't nothing, Tone, just on my dean”.
“Out here in Queens, I bag me a queen”.
“Fed her all this shit she wanted to hear, she probably want the ring”.
True!

Sheek Louch.
Yeah, different time zones, that's all.
I mean, I'm over here across seas.
You over there in the States.
You over there, but either way we gotta get this money, fam.
Yo yeah.

On the tenth floor, looking over Paris.
My neighbors all embarrassed.
Cuz I'm ass naked, watching the clock.
He hating, but his wife steady watching my cock.
Different time zones, steering wheel on the right.
Driving down the wrong street thinking what the fuck I'm gon' eat tonight?
White women laying in my bed.
I can make a documentary on what race can give the best head.
Rae hit me on the text.
Told me that he like that new shit, last night, that he heard on Flex.
Alright cool, hit me up when you get down to Brazil.
If the weather's right, fuck it, I come down to chill.
I got a briefcase of Euros and Indian money.
Every time I'm in customs, they look at me funny.
Yeah.

Inspectah Deck.
I'm out in South Beach, 1st street, Ocean Ave.
AMG6 with the oak dash.
Live the VIP life, I ain't spend a clam.
I got weight on the spot, that's instagrams.
Pretty boos in Jimmy Choo's with titties loose.
In the mood, getting nude in the swimming pool.
I'm doing my thing, how I'm repping, they salute king.
And they don't even know I'm Wu-Tang.
Name heavy, phone call to my ace Diego.
For anything, what up, man? Connect me.
I snatch bank like four, five, six.
Deuce high, watch a dude ride, I'm on my shit.
Up in Mansion, salute, world famous Inspectah.
Click large, homey, put some more tables together.
Wild for the night, I ain't even think about my flight.
I got some bitches and they tripping off that powder white.
Aiyo yo yo, kiss each other, yo.

