Digital Dirt Lyrics
by Zion I.


Intel tel tel tel tel tel tel tel tel.
Intel chip new processor,flip phone.
Laptop cable optic link wi-fi zone.
Instant message me.
I'll hit you right back up.
Electro magnetic waves got me jacked up.
Can't think straight and my phone keep buzzin.
This satellite ain't right, it's fuzzy my cousin.
Round and round we go I'm so techno.
I can download the globe in a second micro.
Digital for real she took the day after pill.
Now the babies gettin aborted.
We sit back and chill on demand.
Out of sync, life flash by.
Sit and stand never think.
Planet earth cry.
Too satiated, I'm over stimulated.
There's too many times now the mind is deflated.
Wanna feed the need, walk around like a mummy.
They say my belly fully but my belly still hungry.

Your cell phones causin you to drive like an ass.
To me that's not a good reason to almost die in a crash.
Plus I used to have numbers stashed away in my brain.
Now it's all so convenient.
Can't remember a thing.
But you could take a picture trick.
And view it like you got it.
So my space 5 mega pixels does a lot fast.
So you're a rapper or a model now.
Well so I dont have the options.
Stack up backup get your waddle down.

Before you strut your stuff for the net to see.
Lack of human interaction's a bad recipe.
You're just a profile pics corrected doped out.
On drugs in the food to keep you subdued.
So there's remedies like silicon extremeties.
Virtual sex robotic pets ghost writers keep your pens at ease.
When fools catch wind of these, brain freeze.
Ain't easy being analog whatever that means.

The last poet said they had a god complex.
Wanna be the architects of reality avexed.
Billions on the space station in the projects.
Baby mamas feed seeds from the welfare checks.
On the internet children sit through the sex.
FBI monitor, message intercept.
I'm so high tech, got the latest and the greatest.
Once you outdated then you just can't fade us.
Gotta get my botox weed and viagra.
Just to get my rocks off what.
happened to my stamina.
So artifical you can call me R2D2 see through silicon fool.

So when you see us on our typewriters.
Sending letters snail mail.
Rubbin sticks for fire, covered wagons thats the tell tale.
Sign of contentment peace and enlightenment.
Cut that pro tunes off I'm finished writin it.

