Digits Lyrics
by Zoetic.


With different genre's, im, makin' hella commas, 
Thats, the first double entendre go: spark the marijuana. 
Oh, you don't got some lem me spark this llama 
So. You could receive some problems like minajin' wit, Maddonna 
I'm droppin', the common knowledge that this artist keeps it honest, 
One, hunit, bad bitches around me. Like a college 
Ebonics spoken by a white boy with harmonics 
You. Doubt me: i've been smokin' chronic since an embryonic 
These phonics got me speakin' in tongues. Like i'm demonic, 
But, i got the voice of a god. Now, isn't that ironic 
You could call it what you want it bad bitch wit ass and she flaunt it 
I want it. ... 
I want it ... 
So. I slide up her neck wit. Both hands on her breasts 
I tell her that she's the best and she rewards me wit, sex 
And. In the background, you hear them speakers playin' that tic 
That's something else. Some other shit 
Fuck a bitch until the rubber split 
Hit it too fast and i might just spit 
Tie her body down and i'm likin' it 
So fuck the game cause i'm pipin' it 
And fuck, the pen that you writin' wit, 
I, don't like ya stuff, stop Recitin', it 
You'll never be more than a whiny bitch 
Yo ..., i'm the opposite of Ghandi 
Wit. This molly in my body, 
You prolly, couldn't calm me wit. A hundred spartan armies, 
Imma zombie, eatin' brains, is my muthafuckin' hobby 
I wan na stick, my vampire fangs into ya. Jugular vein: 
And watch the blood drain, 
Like, i'm starin' at the sink. When the
faucet's turned on 
So. Why the fuck would i turn down? Can we move on 
Like? It was Uhaul, i'm hittin' the cue ball 
Inside of a pool hall. She givin' me blue balls, 
I told her she's too gall my money is too tall. 
You tryin' to shot call stop dressin' like Rupaul 
You shoppin' in cheap malls. You shootin', i hit sprawl 
End it once and for all .... You cannot beat me ya'll 
Like. I said before move on 
I'm mixin' potions inside the blackest caul- 
Dren, because i sin before the day even begin 
Levitate. Above my bed 
Every night, i'm gettin' head 
Battle me put up ya bread 
But, you better check the spread 
Cause. All i ever do is win 
And imma keep shittin' till the very end. When i'm dead, muthafucka 
 
Mind on my money, mental sky is the limit 
If. You can't take the heat get out of hell's kitchen 
It's gettin' hotter by the minute. Mufucka'S is makin' digits. 
Dig it
 
