Dirty Deeds Lyrics
by Woodie.


This pressure's got me stressing never confessin' my crimes.
These secret dirty deedz feed these questions in my mind.
In time will I feel the repercussions of my guilty sins.
Does the Bible speak the truth now that my punishment begins?

Yoc what? Your Glock what? Yeah you better take a shot punk.
Cause ain't no turning back when you flaunt your strap.
Leave your cap peeled when I dump chump.
When the funk jumps, gotta be on my toes.
Ammunition dishing out in rows.
Keep foes in check with effect when I rip their neck.
When I let loose hoe.
Deuce-0 block props got cops on our jocks.
But popping shots will not stop.
Slap a scrap off the map when I tap his back when I blast a black chop.
Aftershock liquefies my brain and mary jane invades my veins.
To maintain and hang when I gang-bang.
Inflict pain when I sprinkle grains, cane drain.
Coats my throat when I off choke smoke.
Approach the roach til it's all she wrote.
Smoke dope and rap twist caps and try to cope with rats backstabbing folks.
That's why I stay high off dosher, remain a Yoc town soldier.
Exposure to shady times gots my mind anti-sober.
Gotta stay blazed in theses crazed days.
Hazed by norte ways it's not a phase.
Steady amazed on how things changed-rearranged but it ain't no thang.
Still hang and claim with my real folks.
It's fucked up cause I gotta kill folks.
Hit your block with a chop and peel throats.
Blast with a mask and let these skills show.
Let me fell your repents when I let thirty do you dirty.
Folks wanna battle us, gotta handle this, it's scandalous for Shirley.
That girly got me numb for 781 redrum.
Ain't no fun trying to shun my gun when the sights tight up on your lungs.
Pump your chest with an SKS and bless your dome with a tre-eight chrome.
Murder zone created, stated when the funk is on.

This pressure's got me stressing never confessin' my crimes.
These secret dirty deedz feed these questions in my mind.
In time will I feel the repercussions of my guilty sins.
Does the Bible speak the truth now that my punishment begins?

I'm strapped with a black snub tre-eight.
Packed with a hundred and twenty-five plus grains.
That extra load with a hollow.
Swallow your last breath when it touch brains.
These bloodstains of enemies are the sins of me livin' that Yoc life.
But until I die it's a lie.
That's why fifty got my gang in the spotlight.
Breakin' 'em off in different fashions.
Maybe I'll shank 'em, maybe I'll blast 'em.
The punk ass five-o, rats and rivals.
Kindle my homicidal passion I'm mashin'.
For that everlastin' twentieth street I'm ridin'.
Confidin' in myself, Lil' bird and L's.
Everybody else testifyin', soon dyin'.
Tryin' to keep my freedom.
If I don't beat the pigs.
I'll live in a cell, no bail, doin' 25 with an L.
I'd rather get murdered and go to hell....
I bail thru the cuts of the Yoc in a lark on rally's.
Backstreet alleys allow me to shake the spot.
And pursue my plots of gangbangin' in northern Cali.
Co. Co. County's hella shady.
Somebody's catchin' 3 strikes daily.
I gotta maintain, let my nuts hang.
Use my brain and make this lifestyle pay me.
Fade me? I don't think so.
Wipe your memory with a single.
Shot from a tre-five-sev.
Vibration make my fingers tingle... I speak.
That Yoc-town lingo and mingle with northerners.
Who've blown up the spot, got the Yoc hot.
Kickin' up enormous dust.
Discuss nothin' straight bustin' upon your click thought I wasn't.
As pistol chambers rearranges guts this shit gets disgustin'.
With all these homiez switchin' up I'm not quite sure who to trust.
So I just follow my gut and let it be known.
For the Norte side I bust.

This pressure's got me stressing never confessin' my crimes.
These secret dirty deedz feed these questions in my mind.
In time will I feel the repercussions of my guilty sins.
Does the Bible speak the truth now that my punishment begins?

