DNA Lyrics
by Voli.


I'm here just chillin with my Brooklyn Lager.
In the W-Burg feelin like Big Poppa.
Got the tri-state open and i'm all up inside her.
I hit it so sweet like I shatter piñata, uh.
Rebel got the pedal to the medal.
James Dean with a little more melanin in him.
18, I was a fat boy, shy, chubby black boy.
Lyrically in crazy ass shape like a trapezoid.
College had me drinkin like a frat boy, weed got me paranoid.
So when my roommate would hit the cannabis, I would listen to Canibus working.
on my rap voice.
Yah know? I'm illy, Pink Floyd meets biggie.
All I need is art, a good woman, and neat whisky.
Honey's a freak, I'm a geek, be unique wit me.
Ey whats your DNA like? Leave them jeans wit me, she said.

I got that rebel in my DNA.
But they don't believe me.
I got that rebel in my DNA.
I'm crazy, release me.
I got that rebel in my DNA.
But they don't believe me.
I got that rebel in my DNA.
I'm crazy, you see, ahhhh.

Boom, I'm chillin with my Brookln Lager.
Ballin old school like a Brooklyn Dodger.
We get smashed, only need a few dollars.
Rebel at heart, so my DNA got it.
What you know about that, huh? What you know about that, huh?
What you know about that, huh?

What? Oh, right now?
Ok, ah, death before dishonor.
I can't afford to sleep, I don't own pajamas.
I'm a problem to the death  homie call up Obama, whew.
Never gave a fruck about it, call it platonic, whew.
Went a couple degrees since I got out of college.
But my credit looking shitty, my wallet got a colonic, whew.

Feelin so rare, let we cook up and dine.
Turn up your flat line, if we give up, we die.
Put up ya lighters, let we lift up, get high.
New Jersey devil, so a brother ice cold.
But if I came to your city, I'd put a flame to your city.
Won't chase her, but I'm Voli, so your dame wanna sip me, you know.

Birdge:.
Gavidia, run through it, uh.
Gavidia run through it, uh.
Gavidia run through it.

Let's put the pyramids to shame, darling.
Pisa's got nuthin on my lean, darlin.
Let's cut the heads off all these kings, darlin.
And bring this planet to its knees, darlin.

