Do It Like Us Lyrics
by Wu Block.

.
Yeah, Wu-Block, aiyo, Ghost, aiyo, Chef.
Clip up, nigga!.
.
I drop fifty on the order, more hundred on the whip.
Five on the Louis luggage, ten on the trip.
Sour when I land a little, something for the hip.
Fiji or Roset, and I don't even take a sip.
Nah, they don't do it like we do.
Nah, they don't do it like us.
Nah, they don't do it like we do.
Nah, they don't do it like us.
.
Sheek Louch.
Yeah, Donnie laughing at you sore losers.
Underdogs hot, 2011 Hoosiers.
That's cruisers that's jumped off from back flipping pussies.
Splash, I get all them clothes smelling cushy.
Shades on, Aviator lens.
Mami sitting in my Benz, like she Liz Claiborne.
That you already rolled, now it's hella flame, on.
Little model bitch, had to get game, on.
Yeah, the hood say I'm on fire.
Donnie on the street like a Good Year, tire.
Still look the same and that's last years, flyer.
Just more money, but way more, higher.
.
Ghostface Killah.
Aiyo, Benz and grams being torn from the rubber bands.
Latifah shorts, tennis courts in the summer mans'.
Skydiving in Fiji Islands with a sweet view.
Balley parachutes, the water is deep blue.
Micro felt goggles, Brazil models, keep a mouth full.
While I'm hitting they back tonsils.
Me and Sheek is Selleck and George Clooney.
A Russian chef with scars on his chest, the boats mad roomy.
Only niggas that move good pots to the rasta.
Switzerland, we flying in vet to examine the watches.
And we ain't gotta throw ice on 'em, we count one for Kiss.
Styles, Rae and Cap, L and Mike and 'em.
.
Raekwon.
Aiyo, two hundred thousand in dust paper.
Let a bullet thrust, take your Jacob, I'm always in make-up.
Under your trucks, Scottish ruger, jump suiter.
Rad little slut, one white killa with bucks on.
Wearing jewelry, robbing jewelry, peep out the coats.
I switch pockets then pull out the scope.
Niggas is dice, ya'll famous for the legendary clarks.
Lamping in Junior's, eating squid, me and Starks.
Chatting quiet, no talking, just finger jabbing.
Sheepskins grey, beneath the feet, crisp balley.
D&amp;C Kangols, white Russian gazelles.
Keep a track on the sickest bat like Modell's.
.
