Doin' My Thang Lyrics
by Zion I.


Now in a world full of pain, hard strugglin', stressed 
The Buddha, say your soul sufferin', I'm still here blessed 
Just to breath. Please believe, I'm way out west 
Oakland to be exact, where the pimps still rest, 
And the mean mugs and thugs that test your chest. 
It'D be so easy for me to be a pess-I-mist 
But. I'M still here, rhyming' still chart climbing 
Addicted to the game, like I'm on cane vibin', 
It's, really, all organic, so mamma, don't panic! 
Your son ain't: a crack fiend, even though I back lean 

The mega lord mix board sword with a sheen 
Unseen in the night. While you sleep without light 
I slave to the beat twist it til, it feel tight. 
Then, take it to the sound proof: booth with a mic 
The only thing in life that always made me feel right: 
 
Some, my people got high sold they soul for spit 
Some, drink water. Fire work to that brink 
Some make hard love til. It starts to sting 
I stay rymin' doin', my thing: 
Some shorties get smart, givin' brain to kids, 
Some homies get live with their one night, fling 
Some even go to church prayin' on they sin. 
I stay rymin' doin' my thing 
 
In school, I did cool, always got them grades 
But. I acted real bad, so the teachers say 
What ya. Gon na do boy, you got ta go, get paid 
Man. I be rymin' doin' my thing 
And. When I wrote they would joke that, I wouldn't be shit 
Caus. We was rocking high fashion, all counterfeit 
Tryin', to learn a new dance step and feel legit 
Get, a girl with a booty and real big tits 
We was crazy home boy. My mind was warped: 
By a 40oz bottle, speakin' tales
Too Short 
What's. My taste is yours, didn't know what, for 
Just wan na be a rapper wan na go on tour 
Hit hoochies in a hojo life
moves slowmo 
Fast forward today on planes, doin' promo, 
Now ya, see who I am 
MC to the heart: I'mma, funk the jam. 
 
I coulda been a doctor or psychologist 
But. It wouldn't make me happy. I chose to bust 
Roll with gamblers and hustlers 
Cats, who grind all the time drink and cuss 
But. There'S something beautiful. It'S right beneath my touch 
It's hard to understand a certain kind of rush 
That I get from my lifestyle, struggling trife style, 
Long way to go. Happily, I walk a long mile. 
I'Ll ... be .... Coming to town 
God gave me many blessings: I'mma spread'em around 
When. You see us in the club imma break shit down 
And I'll, be rymin' doin'. My thing 
It's, my thing
 
