Don't Fuck Around Lyrics
by Yung Simmie.


Fuck'Round get stuck in the ground like a golfball 
You stay asleep. With your eyes open you Ray Charles 
Rub me: the wrong way: get burned like the iron on 
Your girl, a major meat-eater, so we call her dinosaur 
My life a movie, so I fuck with the camera on 
They, say I'm a Don! So call me Corleone 
Mind on the money. So that's all you see in my phone 
Custo's bitches and hoes. My main ho be hatin'. Dough 
Probably cause she slidin' on me. Like I don't know 
But. You know the code M.O.B. get you cause, I'mma get me 
Born and raised in these city. Streets Obama couldn't change me 
 
 
He fucked around he fucked around he fucked around 
Get, stuck in the ground. 
He fucked around he fucked around 
Get, stuck in the ground. 
So, don't fuck around don't fuck around don't fuck around 
Don't fuck around don't fuck around 
Get stuck in the ground, 
 
Ride on'em slide on'em. All my niggas goin' to ride homie 
Blackland my side, homie wintertime got the five on me. 
Hit'Em up. I ain't even know'em. 
Couldn'T tell'em show I had to show'em 
Ski mask that toe tag that tech-nine you touch mine, 
Gold, teeth, spit gold, rhymes spit dope, spit cold lines. 
Feel me a real G been hood. I been me 
Guns up, you know. What'S up hood niggas in army trucks, 
Big boots we stomp bruh get buck. We turnin' up 
 
He fucked around he fucked around he fucked around 
Get, stuck in the ground. 
He fucked around he fucked around 
Get stuck in the ground. 
So, don't fuck around! Don'T fuck around don't fuck around 
Don't fuck around don't fuck around 
Get stuck in the ground. 
 
You! Don'T want war with us. Dreads swing, I'm a warrior! 
Bitch nigga keep actin' up my young goons goin' to pack him up 
Put him up, then strap him up. Callin' shots. They handle ya 
Got the tools dismantle ya he fucked around. I ain't mad at ya, 
That Glock spit is goin' to rip your body. Your chest, flip 
I'm from the city where niggas gritty do me, get every penny. 
Fuck hoes. I got plenty, none of them get shit from me. 
She fucked. She get in front me. Soft niggas get flipped homie 
Took her home. She kissed on me call her. When I get lonely 
But, I never get lonely cause. I been a mack homie 
Ask me what I did. Homie pull her with two twins: homie 
The one and the only shootin' fools like I'm Kobe 
 
He fucked around he fucked around he fucked around 
Get, stuck in the ground. 
He fucked around he fucked around 
Get, stuck in the ground. 
So, don't fuck around! Don'T fuck around, don't fuck around 
Don't fuck around don't fuck around 
Get stuck in the ground
 
