Don't U Be Greedy Lyrics
by U.N.L.V..


My dog gon' be home with a story to tell ya see?
Yall know what Im talm bout'....dont u be greedy.

Ra-ta-tat-ta-tat- on you dog hoes, Ra-ta-tat-ta-tat on you dog hoes.
Twerk, crawl, ride, giddy up, Eddie Bow, bounce for that outfit.
Twerk for that hair fix, crawl for that Polo Rug, then go get me two.
Slugga don't have nothing if I don't have you.
Like Whitney Houston Said I will always love you too.
Bounce for that outfit, the ones who mean it, won't ya bounce for that outfit.
And don't u be greedy, don't-don't ya be greedy.

Bitch now you don' made me go too far.
And let you buy the whole 3rd they car, got some 97' Lincoln's with booku.
sound.
You can hear us if we coming around, it's best ya get the right kinda disc.
To listen to me, I want Mase and Teena Marie, it's best ya get a built in.
alarm.
Cause I got me a gat, and Imma drive to set the whole 3rd on the back, get it.
Rob who got it, crank her up, it ain't your business who.

Stash your bundle if you sittin' on the ramp, stash yo bundle if you dippin'.
out the cut.
Stash your bundle if you sittin' on the ramp, I'm always dressing shauve never.
dressing.
Like a champ.

I'm up early in the morning, order breakfast smoking weed, I'm bout to go to.
Ruby's and scoop.
A fresh pair of Marina's, I went on Dellashe' and dress mighty gentle, I said.
Look at my snaps.
And bought another rental, I bought my lady to Nichols, cause that was her.
school.
Telling all them 9th ward niggas that the 3rd ward rules, I walked her in the.
school; standing.
On the yard, a chick slipped and asked me was I from the 3rd ward, niggas came.
out the building.
They was bootin' me up, I grabbed the clip up out my pocket, and made them.
cowards duck, I told.
My old lady I'll be back ya see, I went to Mac, Melph, Calio I Booker T, So.
they Bowed in the.
Cheu' for hours Gasing it, booku AK'S, Mac's, Pumps and shit and I was so darn.
angry going.
Out St. Claude, with my cangol to the side representing that 3rd ward.

Higgity-Hop the fence, put the guns in the grass, you can see the rat smokin.
coming by they ass.
See we caught 7 niggas slippin' in the class room, trying to jump out the.
window but they couldn't.
And I dont mind Dyin', I see that shit, 5 niggas got killed, just cause the 2.
flinched quick.

On the real like a man, you gotsa to be real, if ya hanging in that 3rd you.
better be.
Out to kill, cause we walk by, fight by, a drive by too, quick to  Bounce.
baby bounce.
Or boot up bitch, where they at? Get the gat first I got to take a piss, Ima.
Magnolia Man.
A Calio King, Im servin' booku dog hoes out the Melphamine, I know you thought.
I wouldn't.
Get back but you can't  keep me down, can't forget.
about the U, and.
The Cash Money Clowns, twerk crawl ride giddy up Eddie Bow, Imma soak ya body.
up Fore' we.
Get Inna shower, Imma good lookin' rapper I ain't trynna front, Imma good.
lookin' rapper.
I ain't trynna stunt, Next week Im getting the rental in royal blue, with the.
white interior.
In the gold Dayton's too, Go DJ that's my DJ, Go DJ that's my DJ, Imma Ra-ta-.
tat-ta-tat on.
You dog hoes, Ra-ta-tat-ta-tat on you dog hoes, Dont U Be Greedy, Dont-Dont U.
Be Greedy.
Me and my DJ Mannie Fresh rip the shit too pieces, we fuckin' wives, fuckin'.
daughters.
And even Nieces, these hoes like Misquotes, suckin dick and lickin' nuts,.
fuckin em, duckin' em.
Leavin' em, makin' em' run behind that Dick, I be servin' em, puttin' em' out.
cause Imma fool.
From that 3, Yella Boy and Mannie Fresh, we win the contest, I must confess,.
we rank as the best.
I spin the bend with hot bullets I hope you got ya vest, nigga on the real in.
this 97' Era, up.
In there ain't no  area if you scared, you wind up in the back of the.
fuckin dumpster, with.
Two to the motherfuckin' head, DJ Go DJ, Go DJ, that's my DJ.

