Don't Judge Lyrics
by Swerve & SYG.

Its been a long time, A lot of places i've been.
When i think of back home, i just think of my friends.
If we never got caught up in drugs, what we could of been.
We were on our way up, now their lost in the wind.
And i'm lost on my own, chain smoking this dro.
When i think of my rhymes, i think of water to wine.
Lyrics to gold, this poetry here is me baring my soul, here you can have it.
It's old 26 years old, damnit it seems so old, they say i'm half way young, i.
say i'm antique if you ask me brotha, unveiling this mask I've been wearing.
since i was born, no anger i'm passed beef brotha, trying to find the peace,.
examining parts of me, i've never seen before.
Me and this pen.
Me and the crowd.
Me and this mic.
Were just working this out...

And this is my therapy…
No, please don't stare at me...
No, please don't judge.
Just me and this blunt and this hennesey.
No, please, no pictures, i don't keep any memory's.
I'm better off on my own, no need to remember me...
Please…. please…. just let me be...

Chosen a high instead of embracing this life i think it a problem, but within.
that thought is where i'll be promised to find an issue, which where there was.
not, and that's the real issue and problem ive been conditioned to follow,.
hope  for a wishful tomorrow mission impossible, im beggin your pardon,homie.
i'm sorry but im just  getting started  n i ain't pickin up a guitar tp pluck.
just because i'm an artist that doesn't fit your description which  might i.
adds a bit ignorant im not above all of it  but i'm smarter than politics and.
i'm more for the heart  and the soul than playing a part in a role that isn't.
me within this music industry, of bitter dreams, the only way i want you.
picturing me's  is changing history ha, why you gotta pick on me? because i.
actually believe in what i speak, n what i think of's kinda deep, and what i.
spit is kinda softer, well explain to me then why the feeling  you get from.
its always stronger... is anybody there my life's a broken elevator everbody.
stares well aware, tho i barely do care is it what i'm wearing, or because i'm.
here, standing, fucking breathing air…
This ain't the end,  just gettin' started.

..and this is my therapy…
No, please don't stare at me...
No, please don't judge.
Just me and this blunt and this hennesey.
No, please, no pictures, i don't keep any memory's.
I'm better off on my own, no need to remember me...
Please…. please…. just let me be...

