Don't Belong Here Lyrics
by RuMeal.


My financial description's the reason why I'm stressing.
But buried in riches guarantee that I'll count my blessings.
Born in a city of death were no future is promised.
You only got one life to live now pay it your homage.
Give it your best &amp; hope that it doesn't end too quick.
Cause jealous niggas kill you over money or a bitch.
All of these women only fuck with who they thought was rich.
So if you got a lil money they don't think you're shit.
I guess I'll cheat death since this life ain't fair.
Feel like I'll never reach my dreams cause this life's a nightmare.
They use to tell me that money's the route of all evil.
Maybe that's why when I get it I stunt like I'm Knievel.
But for now this part time ain't paying me shit.
That's why I'm in the studio working these night shifts.
I hear them say you going hard RuMeal you really want it.
That's why I'm working hard until the early morning.
Sometimes I feel I don't belong here.

Everybody speak on how they think the world gon' end.
The way i see it that's when GOD gon' let the world begin.
A new day for me to be a king, live supreme.
Malcolm X mind state living Martin's Dream.
I hear them scream 2Pac back, 2Pac Back.
Why don't you be yourself?, that might bring hip-hop back.
Because it's still alive it never died.
It only lost it's drive cause it got tired of lies.
There's something you should analyze in your mind.
This how a man speak when his soul cry.
Stereotyped because the color of my fucking skin.
My complexion's the complexity I ain't chose to win.
So tell me what's the reason racism is still alive.
Is it the same reason Martin Luther had to die?
An eye for an eye, a body for a body.
The warriors chant trading war stories.
Sometimes I feel I don't belong here.

I can't recall a moment that I've ever been in love.
Just a lust of a life that a nigga lives in a rush.
Every girl I ever wanted gave me the cold shoulder.
That's why a nigga cold hearted &amp; don't believe in sober.
I feel as if I'm dying to live but living to die.
If I don't speak from my heart I feel I'm living a lie.
Cause all the children aborted ain't get a chance to try.
&amp; those who were left as orphans will always wonder why.
When I'm feeling low I get high to keep a level head.
Pour out some liquor for the loved ones, can't believe you're dead.
Couple friends turned on me, I ain't mad at you.
Just keep your head up don't let the devil catch you.
Any minute can be your last so give your best.
This the only life that I live &amp; I live with regret.
If I don't give it all I got then I will never make it.
My only goal in this life is to be the greatest.
Sometimes I feel I don't belong here.

