Don't Lose Your Head Lyrics
by Zion I.

Zion I.
Wake up, gunshots in the city.
Hustlers on the corner, gonna get more busy.
Gunshots, young stunna got caught up.
Clock big numbers, too bad got slaughtered.
Stunt now, he gon' pay later.
Big booty girl, that's a black man's savior.
Servin', hit the block and we pervin'.
Roll real slow in the cut like a surgeon.
Turf chick, Smurfette, give.
you work quick.
Get caught sippin', get sick is it worth it?
Hell nah, but the job fill timers.
Got a good girl in my eyes she's the flyest.
Can't sleep, streets stay heated.
Ghetto connoisseur, I know you see it.
Posted, while my cousins gettin' toasted.
Got a big beat so fat you can smoke it.

Don't lose your head.
D-D-D-D-Don't lose your head.

Too $hort.
Lil' homie, what you goin' do with your life.
You wanna hustle, but you ain't doin' it right.
Thug to the end, just don't know why.
Even if you're wrong, you know I'm goin' ride.
In the streets, with the killers and the creeps.
You don't want to learn but I still want to teach.
I told you, lace them beats.
Cause all you ever do is just chase them freaks.
Lil' town girl, never been around the world.
Gave her that pill, now you lickin' on her pearl.
I be right out, keep them all psyched out.
In the back room fuckin' with the lights out.

Don't lose your head.
D-D-D-D-Don't lose your head.

Ay, skyscrapers, high from the vapors.
See us drop by, ain't no way it's gonna shake us.
Earthquake us, shittin on the richter.
Party at the crib bring a friend and her sister.
Cruise by, homie dudes stay fly.
D-U-S-T in the back, let's ride.
Dipped in the caddy, stuntin' like my daddy.
Slouch real low, buds fall out the baggy.
Yoke in a circle, pullin'.
on purple.
Flow to the show, although no rehersal.
Got stress? better let that rest.
D-Boys get annoyed leave a void in your chest.
Yes, all bad when you act too good.
Roll with the punches I think you should.
Get smart, we'd rather go dumb.
Big bass in your face make your brain go numb.

Don't lose your head.
D-D-D-D-Don't lose your head.

