Don't Know The Half Lyrics
by Yung Massina.


All I know is grind all night.
Get that dough, and shine so bright.

Nigga you don't know the half - All day and night in the lab.
Trying to put some food in my abs.
Nigga you don't know the half - Steady breaking down all these slabs.
Trying to stay on the right path.
Nigga you don't know the half - Diddy just bought a new lam.
Why we living on food stamps?
Nigga you don't know the half.

Nigga you don't know the half, life before this Hip Hop.
Real talk, ain't nothing new like a thrift shop.
Seen a nigga get shot in his own habitat.
They put the chopper to his head like Inspector Gadget's hat.
Niggas wearing black on black, petty neighborhood crimes.
Trying to save a penny like Willona on Good Times.
And that's the good times, I done seen worse.
Knew this shit was real when i saw Torey in a hearse.
Used to feel like I was cursed, got to deal with something everyday.
Motherfuckers telling lies on me like a resume.
But that's okay, shit I could've been aborted semen.
Shit I could be pushing daisies like Morgan Freeman.

Rest in Piece to Josephine, since my granny passed away.
We skip from Friday to Sunday cause it ain't been a sadder day.
Homies getting booty shots, feel like all their asses fake.
Always got their hands out like we playing patty cake.
Hoping that I got a friend, bumping Donny Hathaway.
Fuck that shit, I don't owe nobody except for Sallie Mae.
And all these bitches greedy, they treat you like Ms. Celie.
Then see the green in your eyes and now you Michael Ealy.

They got my dog going down the road like Toto.
And cuz caught a ocho, they got him for a bomb of reefer.
Man I hope you rats burn like Arthur's teacher.

Sneezing on your entrée, nigga one day you gon' need some help.
Bite the hand that feeds you ‘til it's just a middle finger left.
I know you seen it ref, they hitting beneath the belt.
But that chopper stay in the trunk like a Keebler elf.

No lie, nigga you can Ask Jeeves.
Trying to get my paws on them racks like Eve.
The money all I need, I see it in my path.
I just hope it comes out well like Mr. Krabs.

Nigga you don't know the half - All day and night in the lab.
Trying to put some food in my abs.
Nigga you don't know the half - Steady breaking down all these slabs.
Trying to stay on the right path.
Nigga you don't know the half - Baby just bought a new lam.
Why we living on food stamps?
Nigga you don't know the half.

