Dont let up Lyrics
by Vivekverma.


Probably, this job is to fulfill for rags to riches, 
And stiches the speeches of every critics, which is 
Impeaches. My every verdicts then crushed into peices and glitches .
 I coudnt be able to figure when 
Thing started to clutter again and then 
To my fair weather, freinds 
I started penin' on them. 
But. I got the fact 
M, mr freakin, not weakin. 
Oh back to this beat m stickin within 
To, make a record to riipin, creepin and ya: hearin 
And spillin every thought like villian m chilin and cheerin 
 
I am like osama obama and dalai lama 
Is, just the what way? U put me into the drama, but i usually go banana like
saddam uhh 
When. Someone else lay me into the psychodrama 
And my homie nandan, like marihuana, and i like rihaana and maddona 
Sometimes. I walk around with my head banging that 
Keep bang around and around doesn even know how to escape 
With theses cloud that i am surround. 
But imma take ya back in the time when i often defiant 
What was bad happened that pounce my head. Always when i walk up ahead, get go
behind 
, 
Today and tomorow live like a rowdy 
Anybody doubty 
Arbiterate, an argument with the past fore. It becomes so cloudy 
And mighty ambigious. The situation grow into 
Probably ended up makin, ur, conscious, lousy, 
And, its psychology that makin the things bamboozeled and chaotic 
The heck is goin inside a brain lettin. It seems more splenetic or truamatic 
Now rewind it. When i became an underdog, 
Was like dvelopin anaorexia to people became stando- 
Ffish, my body and soul parted, so i bacame psycho 
Now. I feel like gettin my confidence back to normal 
From abnormal ain't no way imma stop until i become immortal, 
, 
Prominently dont back off with the things that makin ya, fed up, relax, sit back
and, rejoice, 
Then kick on its face opportunity, ricochet barely once then get demise. 
Probably, u r a step behind what? U aim it on 
U musta somewhere have had with the things that more usually off than on 
But. U got ta get up again. We are on the same chapter of laughter, pain and gain 
How. Far, the same chapter will revise 
One day. U will be walk in a fast lane. 
I am raising the bar tryin to get hell outta this psychological war 
Stomp on the mission. What ya aim for until it becomes your cus? U invole in war
, 
