Down with the King Lyrics
by Run-D.M.C..


Reporters cry, producers die.
They wanna be down with the King!
Producers die, they wanna be down.
Wanna be down with the King!

Run.

Down with the king for years, about ten of 'em.
Recruiting suckers, Mac and Mike, and makin' men of 'em.
Tears and fears for my peers, they rippin'.
You think that it is, it is, if not it isn't.
Race for the border my daughter, cause beats you're bangin' out.
Jeeps rockin' beats in the streets when there's time for hangin' out.
Gather, or rather form a circle around a loud.
Cause brothers or others could never ever rock a crowd.
Is it because he's runnin' off with the mouth.
Or was he really clearly tryin' to play a nigga out.
Nope, shut him down, the king with a crown.
Cause all you wanna be is +Diggy Down+.

Down with the king, the king.

Two years ago, a friend of mine.
Asked me to say some MC rhymes.
So I said this rhyme I'm about to say.
The rhyme was meeca, and it went this way.
Recollect a mecca mic check on the windmill skills.
Mac distracts, wearing.
Godfather hats.
It's okay to parlay to fortee better.
Tell 'em my nigga made a sweater tougher than leather.
Swing another Rodney King thing and i'll wreck.
But just like the white one I get no respect.
Money stay awake, cause them other niggas are fake.
From Hollis to the Beacon, now your dumb ass is leakin'.
C.L. and Run DMC so rush it.
Big time way before Hammer got to touch it.
Remember the faces in all types of places.
Look Ma, no shoelaces.
And I'm.

DMC.

I'm takin' the tours, I'm wreckin' the land.
I keep it hardcore because it's dope man.
These are the roughest toughest words I ever wrote down.
Not mean for a ho like a slow jam, check it.
Sucka emcees could never swing with D.
Because of all the things that I bring with me.
Only G-O-D could be a king to me.
And if the G-O-D be in me, then the king I be.
The microphone is granted when it's handed to me.
I was planted on this planet and I plan to emcee.
The emcee fiends only seem to agree.
That I rock all the world and the society.

My voice is raw, my lyrics is law.
I keep it hardcore like you never saw.

Pete Rock.
I'm the man you see, in the place to be.
I went to John Jay University.
And since kindergarten I acquired the knowledge.
And after twelve grade I went straight to college.
Down with the kings on the mic, a full swinger.
The P to the R, not an.
R&amp;B singer.
The R to the U-N-D-MC'n.
The fly human beings, tonight I hold the key and.
Flowin' with the funk track, here to soul brother black.
Pick up the bass, better yet leave a space.
So let me put my big black twinkie on in to the early mornin'.
Had skins yawning'.
Mecca?  you want the mecca?
I'll make a funky beat so we can blow, check it out.
Pete Rock's the beat knock, put you in a headlock.
And now all the outty out flock is down with the king.

