Dragon Mode Lyrics
by Swych.

Eww 
 
But, I will never finish, never stopping never quitting 
My. Father was G as hell and I'm carrying on tradition. 
I. Keep it G with myself and I keep it G with my sisters. 
I keep it G with my bros and try and
keep a G for the system. 
I pray that we never need. It pray. I stay undefeated 
They, praying. I got a weakness. I'M
Preying on every beat 
And. I don't never burn my knees, but I make fires with this pad and pen
 
Spit it in the booth. And now it's looking like a dragon's den 
Sweezilla 
 
Beat change 
Can. You turn me up in the headphones ... 
 
I'm raw raw, like a dungeon dragon. 
And my drive burn out oncoming traffic 
I'm against the grain. I take a gun and bash. It 
Right against your brain. Until your skull gets shattered, ugh 
Basically, I'm a maniac 
A walking game of the operation where my brain be at 
Your girl, dropped to her knees and gave me that 
And. I ain't thank her. Yet so, could you bring her back 
Ha 
Eww, try and keep up with me, though 
Know you got cold feet like chucks in the snow 
But the boy been on, like a truck in the cold 
Trying, to stack up my bucks, cheddar dough, 
Making dope moves by The grand 
You would think I'm moving pianos 
That get you high as sopranos 
Hands closed under a lamppost 
Yeah riding around in something tinted 
And. It ain't, even mine, but I ain't saying that it's rented 
Yeezus in the speakers screaming out. That'S right, I'm in it 
Then. We picking up some chicks, so we flip the script to Big Pimpin 
Hold up uh 
, 
Pimp C Big Pimpin sample 
Smoking out pouring up 
Keeping lean up in my cup 
All. My cars got leather and wood 
 
Swych 
And. In my hood. We call you lunch 
Have, your soul, flying high. Have your father balling up 
And, have your mother picking up some daisies like she Donald Duck, 
Ha wallet look like. I just robbed an armored truck 
Ain't, no contests or no condoms boy. I be going hard as 
Creeping, like I'm TLC, that got to make it hard to sleep. 
Trust me, you don't want the beef if you value your arteries, 
 
I'm be-, I'm beginning to feel like I'm dope as hell dope as hell 
But. You ain't got to say it though your girl could tell girl, could tell 
But women got me feeling like I live in hell live in hell 
So. You could have her back soon, as I finish: L-O-L 
, 
Breakdown
, 
