Dramacyde Lyrics
by The X-Ecutioners.

Kool G. Rap 
No doubt 
The real drama, shit, 
, 
All, ya, rap niggas pay homage 
When, he raps spit atomics 

Raise a prophet make hot lava spit out like vomit, 
We, Vietnam. It scramble ya brain like an omelette 
Spling baby link, the bomb it keep. You reek niggas in bondage, 
A convicts we Allah, then we bomb it 
We trom it it take a Terror Squad to dis, arm it 
We layin, with grenades in our palms two hours longer 
 
Big, Punisher, 
Ah shit nigga, you got me started momma, one of the Good boys 
Said she got a 400 pound, retarted Bronx nigga from the Projects. 
What nigga, you don't want it cock. Figga figga got it 
You, make me sick, fuckin, wit, Pun, youse, a crazy bitch 
Hold him for ransom or cut off his tongue in cause. He itchin 
80 stitches across cheak 70, more for talkin, cheap 
A, buck 50, even nigga, that's regulation on the street 
 
yo and come on scratched 
 
No man can go against me. 
 
more, scratchin, 
 
You! Don'T stop me! 
 
Kool G. Rap 
Probaly socks soes inside the trenches 
Closin in for miles to inches killin the distance enemy, flinches 
Death finces left for kid limus 
Made mine behind the barb wire fences, 
Crossfire tent winters 
Saw, my man blow bandana tied tight, like Rambo 
Burn, a slug Make the land glow 
Niggas screamin for medics and ammo 
Every soldier in your camp, go 
 
Big, Punisher 
Me and my man, Joe got ya back 
AKA Joey Crack AK with the mack makin my to the pack 
Everyday I got ta be strapped: cuz niggas, don't know How to act? 
You, don't wan na go the gap. Cuz T-Squad gon na react; 
Whatta. We go thugs and ammo by a hundred tons of guns and rambos 
Just. In case you comin Commando 
I'm, a Sopranos and Corleones wit. They own armies, 
And, a couple of morrenos that'll die for me: 
 
Kool, G. Rap 
Hammers, a law under the camouflage here to take jars. 
Put a cap inside ya cap and leave a four in your sarge 
Killas are large. My two trade pound gauge will sound hard 
For. Every round sabotage bodies hit the ground, hard 
, 
Big, Punisher 
That's, a pound dog bout to get down and put the work, 
Try the jury, but it wouldn't work skit, but it wouldn't merk, 
He, glass, no glass, think fast, yo ass, too late, muthafucka 
Put, a d-rap Too fast 
 
scratches 
 
Act, like you, want Drama, 
Kool, G. Rap, 
Big, Pun, 
X-Executioners, style
, 
