Drank Up in My Cup Lyrics
by Swishahouse.

Drank up in my cup, man hold up.
It's the big tike I got swangas in my truck.
Baby Expedition spun my tuition.
Got them partnas cooking up crack in the kitchen.

Crack in the kitchen, your boys on a mission.
Break them boys out screens in ma expedition, screens in my lack.
Yup my trunk crack, break them boys off it's like this and like that.

This and like that, I'mma go long.
It's bout to go off in the zone.
I'mma a stay real, coming down with my mind on dolla bills.

On dollar bills, got to pop the pill, I'm a show my ass.
I'mma a make a damn mill, I got skill, bout to hold the mic.
Wassupp Lil Ron, Wassup Lester, Now is the Tike.

Wassupp Lester Wassupp Ron it's the Tike.
I done came down wreck shop on the mic.
Like that boy Watt,.
might floss a yacht.
I'mma act like Lil Pat and give it all I got.
On this track fifth gonna relax.
I'mma come thru I shoot a green like the Packs.
I can go hard I can go harder.
I done came down I done had a lil daughter.
I can go harder got a Swishahouse starter.
Momma got mad cause I smashed on her daughter.
I'm a damn burner I'mma 4 swanga turna.
It's the lil I can be.
the young learner.
A nigga is cool when I'm out the boys brook.

Man I'm a crook, cause I'm outta Rosewood.
Had to let them know cause everythings understood.

It's understood, got to pay my hood.
It's the northside, damm straight is Rosewood.
I'm a hit the eastside seen my boy Dash.
I'm come down I got grain on my dash.
Watch me turn swangas put'em on a Buick.
Draped up and driped as a pullin out whip an extra fucking clip.
A hater if you plexin I'm a come thru I mights tell my suggestion.

Tell ya my suggestion, in my ro-lexus I'm a come down.
Yupp them hataer be plexin, I can drop the top make it get a ready.
I can flip my screen, watch Malcolm and Eddy, manne I'm goofin is still that boy ken, I'm a come down.
I might beat the block rim, wassupp to big watt, make this shit chopped I'm a.
come down I'm a hop in my drop.

Hop in my drop make this shit chopped, is the big tite hell naww I won't stop.
I'mma go hard is the pin renard, get on ma knees and say a praya to the Lord.
That's my Jesus, that's my man, I then did a drive by on the damn Klan.
Talking bout the Klux, worth big bucks, had to come thru with that boy Big.
Tuck Sign a contract, bill fallen back.
So I'mma take the mic, give the floda ali ca man get the mic.
Cause the ron getting hypa like the NB.
I got 25 lighters in my.
red viper, man too thrower.
Lil ron been a G I'm talking glassy ass 4's.
Man I'm a playa from the Himalaya, broke them boys out bad.
I'm a dope rhyme saya big dick laya, and I be the youngest.

I'm getting swallowed from a women, women got me eating.
I'mma keep creepin gots to come down and I'm neva eva beatin.
Might jack off twice do it my way, got them big bona ona dam day.
Blow a pound of hay and I'm drinking on syrup.
Wassup AK we gone so.
off in the burb.

Flipin in my burb, sippin on syrup.
I can flip a switch and make my drop do the gerr.
Like that boy EL that's my dam male.
I den driped out iden took a nigga yeah.
I den took his dam life neva thought twice.
I'mma come down wassupp to ma boy tite.
Wassupp to big tubby, hoes they gonee love me.
Wanna get me in tub and just lovvy dubby... wasss... up.

Hold up manne, hold pp is that boy tubby.
How I might get throwed is pretty goin and them rocks gon rolL.
What them boys swangin.
what them boys banging.
Bouts to come down and I'm steady maintaining.
Gotta stack my paper gots to get rich, let them hoes know.
Betta known as a bitch I'm a hit a switch.
I'm a get hypa manee were that shit at pass my dam lighter.

