Dreamin' Lyrics
by Twisted Insane.

Twisted Insane 
Then, why do I feel, like I'm dreamin 
Always, surrounded by fiends, that wan na bring bloody murder with the 15
 
I walk up in the door? How to explain it to his mama when it's seven bullet
holes up in his dickies 
Smokin' on some mint green? Take a hit of weed, Swisher Sweet and my brain is
always spinnin' when I take a dab, 
Take another one and hit the freezer make a pizza with the munchies I'mma
crunch and now a nigga wan na take a nap 
Cannabis sativa. Maybe I'm a fiend! I don't give a fuck. I promise you that I
will never leave her 
Scrapin'. All the resin till it's gone cause I'm broke and I don't got enough
to get another sack. I need a re-up 
But, I'm off of liquor. Liter finna pop the millimeter finna sit up on the couch and load the bong up
with my feet up: 
Alaskan Thunder Fuck Obama, Kush and the Cheva 
Top off with the wax the edibles. I love to eat up 
Bumpin' the Holistic Choice they be off of smoking, 
Medicated feeling faded, marination of a mind, 
I wake up and I load another bowl up in my pipe 
The only thing that people really go against is time. 
Man I be up in the clouds vaporizing with the rest, of'em 
I wan na smoke, a bowl with Tommy Chong, but they arrested him. 
I got to thinking all about the game and I said to them 
And why Eminem ain't never did a track with Tech. And'Em 
And, why I'm asking questions off of medicine? 
I been rapping so long and the people know I can hang with the best of em
 
You could to listen to the radio. But when is you gon' compromise and realize
that Twisted Insane's so much better than them 
Then? Why do I feel, like I'm dreamin 
 
Dreamin of a day when I ain't got ta get so high 
To cope with all your lies, fuck you and your life 
Dreamin of a day when I ain't got ta hit these lines. 
This game's killin' my mind: I'm dreamin', all you will die. 
 
King ISO 
I tell a motherfucker Look: 
Fuck a medicine. I carry heavy
metal 
When in ghetto and I'm hella frickin' hard 
Load up an AK-47 in the Chevy ridin' heavy 
Fuck, your petty beef. Don'T ever get involved, 
Cause, I'm ... severin', the head of him, who had it 
Cause, I'm ready to behead a nigga, broad 
I, never would'a thought that the devil would'a crawled 
In. My head givin' me thoughts of a rebel with a cause 
Take a trip to 42nd for a second 
Popped. The trunk up got the weapon. Then it's several then I toss ... 
Another body in the cemetery. While I'm eating ben and jerry's 
You nigga's terret is really
off. 
 Gim me the blunt nigga wassup Finna go bust enemies, duck 
Nigga should'a. Never let me hit the sauce 
Poppin' a pump poppin' the trunk got ta be dumped. Follow me, swamps, 
I'm in the slums. If niggas ever want a problem, 
I get to grippin' a Beretta catch. You slippin' for your cheddar 
Little nigga, it's whatever fuck the law 
Flip with the Ruger to niggas'bout, to exhibit'em 
Blew your medulla. All over this stereo's on the wall, 
Motherfuckers talkin' shit about the Brain. 
Like, I'm not willin' to go ahead and leave every nigga sprawled 
I'mma kill it with the rhetoric and all 
Catch a nigga at the red light I'ma let the 15 off like ... 
Fuck, a diss track, nigga 
Rockin' for'em and I'm checkin' for you mismatch niggas 
I, Pull up at your hood bustin' twin gats, nigga 
Turn, your Rick Ross beard to a chinstrap nigga 
It's, klick-klack killa. Did you get that nigga 
I'm'bout to come and murder all you bitch ass, niggas, 
Your girl in the trunk and your kids at dinner? 
Cause ISO is a Brainsyck-ass
nigga 
BANG 
 
Dreamin of a day when I ain't got ta get so high, 
To cope with all your lies, fuck you and your life 
 
Now. Why do I feel like I'm dreamin ... 
 
