Dream or Die Lyrics
by ViZion.


Big boss on the track like I'm ken block.
I'm leaving rubber on the ground, they on grid lock.
Airwaves killing 'em, like a headlock.
Life ain't Jenga, if it was then they wood block.
On time like a Breitling, good clock.
Flow like mine hard to find, fullstop.
See me swerving, ducking from the road blocks.
If you with the team though, we get 'em like its co-op.
Roll it up, big like palm trees.
Paper like banana leaves, smoking on manana trees.
Uphill like Guevera, with guerrilla greens.
Mix it with the money, now it's looking like my camo jeans.
In the cut, and there's no giving up.
Scheming to be rich, from groundwork building up.
Team so sick it's ill, throwing up.
Authentic Revolution 100 pop the clutch.

I'm seizing the moment like it was stolen, everyday I'm living my life.
Until it is over and Heaven's unfolding, I'm going in.
Dream or die dream or die.
Dream or die dream or die.

Feet go first, see me cloud surf.
I'm a go-go getter 'til they put me in a hearse.

Not here forever, but I'm ready for the worst.
Open like a pearl, get it while it's served.
Life is such a bitch, so I fuck her like a girl.
Such a premadonna, still I came in premature.
Wrapped in a J-cloth, ready for the world.
King in the jungle, crown on the tilt.
Swag full attack like I'm in for the kill.
Yea I'm on a level, where I'm at, feel a chill.
Cause im so far up, I get 'em giddy like a pill.
Keep it real, hustle for the mills.
Money coming soon, monsoon rains will.
Fall, make it rain like a flood, get gills.
Cause the dream is that I'm floating on a million dollar bill.

I'm seizing the moment like it was stolen, everyday I'm living my life.
Until it is over and Heaven's unfolding, I'm going in.
Dream or die dream or die.
Dream or die dream or die.

Ill never die, ill live forever.
Close my eyes, and the dream goes on and on.
I rollercoast this road to Heaven.
Never knowing when it ends, still we carry on.
Over oceans, sailing on the tide.
One life, one destiny.
And life's a dream, I'm surfing on the ride.
And the waves breaks endlessly.

I'm seizing the moment like it was stolen, everyday I'm living my life.
Until it is over and Heaven's unfolding, I'm going in.
Dream or die dream or die.
Dream or die dream or die.

Pop bottles, get girls, do whatever man, just live.
Dream or die.
Dream or die, dream or die.

