Drop it like it's hot (feat. lil wayne & loco) Lyrics
by Yung Berg.


It's so hard for me to sit back here, in this studio.
Looking at a guy out here hollering my name.
When last year I spent more money on spilt liquor.
In bars from one side of this world to the other, than you made.
You're talking to the Rolex wearing, diamond ring wearing, kiss stealing.

Wheeling dealing, Limousine riding, Jet Flying, son of a gun.

Meek Mill &amp; French Montana.
These pussy ass niggas.
Ain't bout that life, ain't bout that life  x8.

Niggas wanna act loco? Who you with? numerous shots from the fo fo.
Young nigga in the low low.
Jumpin' out the thing with a little bad bitch like YOLO.
44 on my hip line, this time ain't no joke.
In the hood where there ain't no hope.
Now everybody ridin' dirty like there ain't no soap.
Everybody get to rappin' when there ain't no coke.
Where the money nigga.
Cop 44 a bird where I live at.
Probably get the whole load if you get it back.
Fish scale when snapped rented rack.
Little nigga you ain't stuntin' give that rental back, oh.
I like fast cars, fast broads.
And my last car was like a Nascar it go vroom, vroom.
Then skrr, skrr before I blast off.
She go up and down like NASA.
Bike life on your bitch nigga.
Pop a wheelie all in that pussy she switchin' gears on this dick nigga.
Still young, reckless, and rich nigga, yellow diamonds like piss nigga.
Stones they glistening nigga, ya'll suckas don't do it like this nigga.

Meek Mill &amp; French Montana.

That nigga right there, that nigga right there.
Look at that nigga right there.
That bitch right there, that bitch right there.
Look at that bitch right there.
You ain't bout that life, you ain't bout that.
That price tag you ain't bout that.
That bitch you love we popped that.
That shit talk you ain't bout that.
Don't get caught in that traffic.
Niggas ain't bout that action.
You can keep your chain.
My niggas don't want that plastic.
Niggas talkin' bout they got mill.
Niggas talkin' bout they got wheels.
Niggas talkin bout they got skill.
He alright, he not real.
Got a little flow that's cool with me.
Got a little dough that's cool with me.
Got a little watch a little jewelry.
Them Self Made niggas, Volume 3.
That work get through like woo!
Shorty got that Ric Flair pussy like woo.

Meek Mill &amp; French Montana.

?
Don't handle your business.
When the car pull up.
Ya'll niggas slippin', with the window rolled up.
That choppa with the whipper.
Ain't no God, ain't no priest.
Just your body, floating in blood exposed to the street.
I'm bout that life, I don't play no game.
That snitch shit lame.
In the booth you know I'm flame.
Why the fuck you in the game.
MMG, come and get that bang.
That Marley ?
MMG, cut that check.
Plus a rollie and a chain.
Ya'll niggas fake like ?
Roll the ghost, drop the top.
Bad bitch, suck the cock.
In the crib or in the car.
Pussy nigga hatin' cause I'm a star.
Pussy nigga hatin' like he a star.
Pussy nigga ? like who ya are.
Pussy ? around my cock.

Meek Mill &amp; French Montana.

You ain't about that ye.
You ain't never seen a brick roll down a whole tray.
All I know is gunplay.
Hit my nigga gunplay anytime broad day.
I be stackin' that cash.
I be ? ya'll stay.
I ain't even tryin' to aim everybody in that bitch.
Get that straight y'all can push that drop, I done whip ?
I can flip that molly you ain't seen anybody.
I ain't run my dough.
I ain't even seen a nigga who shot em in they own blood.
Had to wipe Mama tears.
She dreamin' I'm dead.
My niggas gettin' bread.
My niggas beat the feds.
Every night I send they a photo on my bed.
You ain't bout that life, that life.
Keep a hundred shots in that pipe.
200 on my dash.
Thousand grams of that white.
Sky Dweller, my watch.
2 kilos, my cuban.
Courtside like Mark cuban.
You gettin' money then prove it.

Meek Mill &amp; French Montana.

When they sit on sight and they sit on tight.
With niggas who snipe.
With a big ol' fire.
Nigga sit on down, yous a goddamn joke.
Whatchu out there doin?
You goin' get yourself hurt ?
These guns really shoot and these packs really move.
And I keep them m's, and ya'll niggas still playin'.
I'm tryin' to build my bread lil nigga.
I can't hear, lil nigga I kill for a grand.
What the fuck is you saying.
I'm tryin' to shower my bitches with black box.
Nino Brown ? someone's baby momma.
Fuck nigga keep talkin' crazy.
I'mma buy your bitch and start claiming your daughter nigga.
All my whips are from across the border nigga.
If you a fuck nigga i'll fuckin' shoot a nigga.
When we pull up ho's get starstruck.
This live house.
MMG, I'mma teach you fuck niggas to boss up.

Man these niggas ain't bout that life, naw.
And this shit they talkin' I got that twice.
Bitch I'm Diddy ho fuck your advice.
I said bitch I'm Diddy ho fuck your life.
Ho shut your mouth when you in the presence of kings.
I ball like LeBron but I got a couple more rings.
I got love for all my hatin' niggas I heard you said some things.
You bitch niggas need love too I might take you under my wing.

Car expensive, jack a nigga.
What they know? I head crack a nigga.
Shots fired dont ask a nigga.
Gangsta got killed by a rappin' nigga.
I'm Michael Corleone.
Scarface bitch I got it goin' on.
One time for all the feds watchin'.
Get inside tips when your money long.
Got big, my plan bigger.
I'm a die tryna squeeze my damn trigger.
Think when you touch that 50 m.
Victory white, I got five of them.
Pull up on the corner with shinin' rims.
Smiling like a nigga when he got a deal.
Dying, always on my mind for real.
Empire, always what I want to build.

