Drop The Bomb Lyrics
by SwizZz.

SwizZz.
Yo, now who's next on the chopping block.
Is it him? Is it her? What do you.
think Hop?
Should I give em' a chance, or expose them like a camel toe?
Split his fucking head like a cantaloupe?
Excuse me diggy doc Dre.
Is it okay if I jump on the beat, and operate?
I'm a doctor myself, minus the med school.
But all I prescribe is vodka, and Red Bull.
I'm not a alcoholic dad don't worry.
I'm only 20 drinks in doing 130.
Up in the slow lane, acting like I'm not in a hurry.
Trying to dodge Rick Ross cause I stole his McFlurry.
Don't mind me I'm not thinking clearly.
I scream at deaf people thinking they can really hear me.
I spray tag to attract bitches to get near me.
And when they do I make em' bob like they're looking for apples.
Well I.
don't give a fuck.
This is my song, and you can turn me off.

Well I don't give a fuck.
Pass me the bong, and let a nigga lift off.
and that's what I do.
Looking at planet earth from a birds eye view.
In the sky with the stars, but no parachute.
If I happen to fall I'd just take hit number 2.
I've been uncouth, since my youth.
I use to eat playdough and sniff glue.
And now I drink brews, with the fucking dudes.
But it's okay I'm half white too.
Yeah buddy, fuck a payday I'm nutty.
I'd drop your baby like I'm fucking clumsy.
Don't trust me, try not to lust me.
I'm known to break hearts all my exes want to jump me.
But they would still love to fuck me.
They know I keep it funky because I'm repping FV.
Nigga I'm chill like Bun B.
Kicking it like Chun-Li, dirty.
like my undies.
Now it's time to get active you mother fuckers.
Cause I can't stomach less than half you mother fuckers.
I'mma rush the line, and start tackling mother fuckers.
So put your jeans on, and stop slacking you mother fuckers.
, fuck that.
Lick my nut sack if your mad let your gun clap.
Put a slug up in my back bust it till my melon cracks.
Leave me lifeless in the middle of my cul-de-sac.
Heh, fuck a ref I'm official.
My words are ammunition my mouth is a pistol.
Even if you get low, I still won't miss you.
No Kevlar, my shots burn through tissue.
Lil homie are you sure you wanna do that?
Fake foot soldier better go, and get your boot strap.
Hard body nigga making anybody move back?
Hungry on this motherfucking mic wheres my food at?

