Drugs And Alcohol Lyrics
by Twiztid.

Blaze Ya Dead Homie.
You know I smoke weed, it.
burns, I exhale.
I'm high right now, who the fuck you gon' tell?
You can probably smell aromas comin' on strong.
Like the stench of the water in the bottom of my bong.
Ain't no peace for 'get along', no I'm not a flower child.
.45 up in my waist, you.
poppin' off, we gettin'.
Give me room in the zoom that I'm gone off the keyshia cole.
Eyes closed, holding back the choke cause my lungs is full.
Pass the shit, get it back again for another bowl.
Smoking like a chimney cause there ain't no carbonation ho.
Nothing in the room but clouds far as I can see.
You wanna get high with me?

A couple pounds burning up.
I owe that loud.
Mixed with that swerve in my cup.
So high I can't come down.
And I'm shit-faced, yes I'm wasted.
I'm shit-faced.

How many times can I chime rhymes with a fried mind?
Is what you're thinking with every line that you rewind of mine.
Let me remind that in order to walk the border of evil.
I'm burning quarters at the speed that a racecar drive.
I get abnormally high but inside.
I'm transforming like I was Optimus Prime.
But the form that I reside is a crime lord.
With an eye four times the size of any kinda cyborg y'all can find.
Feel like I wanna go play on the dark side.
So I got my little bag of that cloud nine.
And I'll start by taking a short drive to the cemetery.
And then I'mma park, right, get a flashlight in a grave site.
And then I'll be ready to spark mine with a great time.

Yo Blaze, Monoxide.
Y'all motherfuckers held it down for the weed heads, but what about the.
alcoholics?
Let's go!

Roamin' with the airlines as I'm floatin', drinkin' Cognac.
Big glass, no ice, to the rim, I'm in, pushing my wig back.
It's time to sit back, 4 hours till last call.
I got a pocket full of hundreds, I'm thirsty, I came to ball.
Do I tip or double pour double ounces?
Bottle here, bottle there, I swear I'll share.
That's really where it counts.
There's a party where I'm sittin'.
I'm soaking up all the liquid.
Alcohol, yeah I'm addicted.
My advice train is shiftin'.
I went from doobies to blunts, a bowl to a bong.
Now they're toking it, they did even ripped it up in our songs.
It's impossible to be hard, sippin' cocktails, two straws.
But I'm granted, don't understand it.
Managed to pulled it off for alcohol.

We got the sticky in the back.
Hennessy on my lap, I'm sippin' out the snifter.

