Dá pra confiar( Tradução) Lyrics
by Alkappa.

Artist Alkappa 
Letter Andrew lando, kixindo 
Music Does the trust to 
I am no longer understand nor see, but the fault is 
When. I see children who blame the criminals to pay 
And corruption, but you stand to be the motto of educators. 
Some patients die from lack of attention from doctors and others, because it
does not reside Doctor 
But guilt and from whom My emperor himself says that the country is changing
for, the better hey. I respect the opinion of the Emperor 
But this country. Only this change for the worse 
Because here's, the detector, can see the fault of a poor, sufferer 
Here. The word love is only useful to win the consumer. 
You, do not feel and do not have the notion that the pain is not letting
zungueiro kill the animal because his younger brother will take the tax. Money
That is the fruit of their sweat. 
I have no grudge, but I have pain in my Emperor. Has no respect for people who
are suffering, 
The Angolan youth have time to drink, but Duke gets the knowledge that the
library offers 
More to blame is the emperor who said that youth and parents are growing 
And. I wonder: is it that only he can see the growth that we cannot see? 
Corruption in schools is increasing, but that banks are creating 
The mentality of reppers. Here can only have quality when matter is consider
crap 
50 Percent of rappers, who are known as real mc under the supposed quality is
less than a prostitute 
The future. With this wrinkle buéd 
And, the school has fewer kids because they are in the maternity ward to give
birth. To other kids and other 
 
But as the stranger can get, what is ours in your pocket? You, our leaders, are
eyeing 
The Angolan police, but the foreign Duke defends his people. 
I do not know what the roads are new to rain. Napkin 
I do not know you, but corn is the fault of the emperor himself who said that
the country is changing for the better. The agent said that the Angolan your
best at your job for the boss does not do with little value. 
And people have the pain of labor that he's your best 
Here. You have the money when it tells you, the love provides the tension, you
feel, naked and care with which you feel 
But. Now I wonder who is to blame themselves oo? Your partner loves you, but says
that everything in this life 
Try to notice the ink from the pen of the artist's life without a poor, life
without hope, 
The best youth, no opinion, 
The sungueiros, but are afraid of the cops Duke of thieves. 
The only result of the promises that were received in the beer and the highway
poorly made, but who is to blame 
I realize I'm not well 
The. Angolan youth, Duke is theoretical, but practical 
True love is rare, as the young scholars 
Here until the child asks you for the trust and believe in a man who says that
Angola will change
 
