Déjà vu Lyrics
by 57 Pixels.


Ugh what happened man? All I remember is that.

As I, hand over my last gram.
I pocket that Jackson when it gets past then.
Then, all I hear is gun shots; clack bang.
The only thing on my mind was catching that black man.
Projectiles flying make all of the cats scram.
I run to my door and I open that crap van.
I catch up and then I attack, damn.
Now I got him singing like a bald Hugh Jackman.
I wake up wondering where I am at, damn.
All that's here is bottles without tops or caps man.
Where was Jesus when I asked for him?
I guess request only get through after sucking his fat ham.
As he lays on the floor, I look at the black man.
Take off the top, and start pouring the gas can.
Pull out the magnum, and fire the dragon.
Then I realize that I've witnessed this action.

Sometimes I feel so alone, I just don't know.
It feels like I've been down this road before.
So lonely and cold, it's like something takes o-.
Ver Me as soon as I come home and close the door.
Kinda feels like Déjà vu.
I want to get away from this place I do.
But I can't and I won't.
Say I try cause I know.
That it's lie cause I don't.
And why, I just don't know.

As I, wake up in a foreign place.
Eyes stay shut cause it feels like someone's been pouring mace.
In them, and more on my face, what more can I take?
Just push me in that wooden box in store me in graves.
She said,  You're a disgrace; a whore outta place.
The more that I gain, is the more that you take.
You're fake, but hey someone will stop you before you get great!
Shut up, or you're endure some duct tape.
Over your legs, wrist and all over the place.
Or you'll get more than just rape.
Don't even think you'll survive, nor an escape.
I'll frighten you more than door when it shakes.
Fuck it, I want to change these boring ass drapes.
And I'm an insomniac at least Conan is great.
Popped a couple Addies and Vickies why wait-.
Hey, I've been before to this gate.

As I, pinch the filter of this cigarette.
Inhale that mint smoke, because I don't feel it yet.
It hits hard and sick like a fit cadet.
As I cruise down the road bumping a thick cassette.
Thinking about all I do and risk for checks.
I like my girls in twos, so I guess I dig a set.
Stop acting up trick, or I'll crench ya neck.
Stop screaming ya dumb slut, or bitch ya next.
You're acting a lot like this trick I met.
And if it continues I won't let ya pick ya death.
No matter what, you can't fill this dick's regret.
I can sense this disc in decks, it's like I dropped kick your rep.
Because no ones going to be able to get the shit I've said.
Even though it's all I do I'm pretty much drenched in sweat.
And I'm taking it on you because it time my dick gets wet.
Stop squirming around bitch, you act like its a big request.
Now that you're dormant I can finally unclip my vest.
But wait this scenery I cannot comprehend in depth.
It's dark and clammed shut have my eyes been kept.
And I've seen this before when I was sleeping in this bed I slept in.

