Ea$t (Super) Lyrics
by Zip K..


I know the shit cliché but every morning I want mula.
Can't leave the bed without my mind right baby girl give me that medulla.
Posted like my daddy back in 85 young nap paps so I'm a junior.
I got into the drama up in East Lake and lived to see another day hallelujah.

to know me.
If I ever gotta trap I'll do it hands free.
I know a salt and pepper duo that'll push it for me.
A salt and pepper duo that'll push it for me.
The geeks call me o.z. obi wan kenobi.
Drinkin stella out the bottle with the fried cannolis.
And you can call the police Imma call the homies.

We was on the liq last night and the gas last week.
Jugging till my thoughts get shallow.
Cause my cash mad deep.
Hundreds in my socks that's me.
Trapping out the box that's me.
Fucking on a fox that's me yeah.
Aye that's me.
Pound cake pockets that's me.
Riding down Brockett that's me.
Old-school chocolate that's me.
Twistin up tropic yeah that's me.
Baby mama options that's me.
I talk good too yeah that's me.
Get it out clean though that's me.

Ayiyiy.

Eastside Right on Time x8.

I can't trust summer she's a Golddigger.
I hate to be the one to take the fall.
I got to be the one to count the racks yeah.
I got to be the one to have it all.
Enrolled in the University after all.
Got me stressed out and poppin Adderall.
My neighborhood niggas say I'm really not involved.
Momma offsprings a winter when it turns fall.
I know gas station locations without the navigation that's where we link.
before the move.
We got no relation if paper chasing ain't on your basic, list of all the shit.
you got to do.
Gresham road swerving in the vintage powder blue.
I pull up to your house your spouse runs out without her shoes.
The record labels welcome niggas in without a clue.
We was taught to come in and leave with all your valuables.

CyHi The Prynce.
It's like six in the six.
Got this lil bitch on my dick.
Shawty as thick as it gets.
She gone fuck around and have to piss on a stick, if she gives me permission.
to hit.
First I twist and I lick.
Grab my little bic and I flick.
Flick flick flick.
Flick then it's lit.
Driving my car with the other hand looks like I'm whippin a brick while I'm.
listening to Krit.
Snakes in my yard and they hissing and shit.
So I moved to the W, cuz them crackers won't let niggas live in the Ritz.
But my new chick got a fatty though.
Told her to send me her addy so.
I could come get her, give a fuck bout a nigga my pistol on deck like a patio.
If he try me I might go pistachio.
I'm drunk in the D from Degrassi no in the back of the lack I sit back and.
relax with.
My head in her hand like she's Jacki O.
Smoking presidential in the residential girl I recommend you let me represent.
you.
Cause when heaven sent you they would rather lynch you.
Signing off Prince has left the building, gone.

Super: Zip K.
I just left Gwinnett with my patna.
Whole house white Casablanca.
OG on my label he's a rasta.
100 gold chains spaghetti pasta.
I've been drinking liquor all morning just got rejected about some Molly by.
Makonnen.
Niggas out here acting all shady.
Everybody wanna be famous.
Florida State winning I'm Jameis.
Crab leg bucket on Daytons.
Imma put a mansion on acres.
And when I get it Imma put it in Decatur.
Turnt up waking up my neighbors.
Broad day bucking on my haters.
Nappy Pappy why you such a player.

I'm Super.

So super.

