Easy Going Lyrics
by Viro the Virus.

Viro the Virus.
Yo, I'm Viro and I'm crazy kid.
Off the head like a lady's wig.
I spit on you like a baby's bib.
Since the 80's I've been addicted to laziness.
But motivated to be the sickest with lang-u-age.
Spliffs and syllables I twist.
Flipping lyricists the fingers in the middle of my fists.
Picking a wit who thinks as ill as this.
And I'll hit him with some shit.
That'll sink his freakin ship.
These MCs ain't fresh they ain't even MCs.
They just stayed at the Holiday Inn Express.
Since I was ten, I knew how to Jimmy a lock with a bobby pin.
Get away clean and rob again.
To this day they say it was stopping him?
I'm too hungry more funky than a boxing gym.
Wordplay technician.
It's gourmet when I step in the kitchen.
So pay attention and just.

Now just bounce to it.
Move around to it.
Do a dance to it.
Here's your chance do it.
The game's a hot summer day.
Lazy with no shade.
And I'm well-made kool-aid.
Or fresh lemonade.
Now just bounce to it.
Move around to it.
Do a dance to it.
Here's your chance do it.
It's easy going.
When The V be flowin.
So put that other noise to the side.
And enjoy your ride.

I'm a gold medalist rap Olympian.
Picture perfect wordsmith, no other cat's resembelin'.
Spitting with the rhythm of a swinging pendulum.
Been the shit since the first sales pitch for Wrigley's gum.
Hope for the best, prepared for the worst.

A screwball heathen.
When I'm gone, all long for my return like I'm football season.
I've been lord since the day I was born.
My resume is full of awards For amateur porn.
And baffling rappers, who really are actors.
Who play fiction characters when the camera's on.
They all wish the kid would step down.
But that chance is slim to none, and slim just left town.
My excellent sound.
Will make a rambunctious bunch out of a hesitant crowd.
So check it out and just.

My God I flow odd and spit sick bombs.
I'm better than blowjobs from big tit blondes.
Wake up in the morning take a hit from the bong.
Take a shit and when I'm done think of a new hit song.
I used to be calm til things went wrong.
Til my sanity chose to get up and get gone.
I'm pissed and my shit list is long.
But shortens every time the mic is gripped in my palm.
Position of a King to your pawn.
Blew lyrics that leave your church bishops reading biblical Psalms.
I pull a caper for the paper.
Shock you like a tazer, make a hater meet his maker.
Pass the shot glass, I'm hot as a back draft.
The game's most arrogant and pompous jackass.
It's on and poppin' when your boy be rockin'.
So put that other noise to the side.
And enjoy the ride and just.

