Eddie Bow II Lyrics
by U.N.L.V..

*Performed by Yella Boy*.

I told yall, comin' later on's the Eddie Bow part two.
They still sweatin' so hard and it's a shame they need more.
Cause way back in the day they just needed 3 or 4, but now.
It's 95' and I dont have to show you how I know you remember.
That old dance that I call the Eddie Bow.

Bitch we never gon' what? Bitch we always gon bow.
Bitch we never gon' what? Bitch we always gon bow.
Won't ya, Bow, Bow, Bow, Bow, Bow, Bow, Bow.
Won't ya, Bow, Bow, Bow, Bow, Bow, Bow, Bow.

Upstairs at Yuma's at the bar I stopped, I turned around.
They peeped me out, hoes was on my jock, now the 3rd is in the house.
Bout to engulf this bitch, Duck! You bout to get ya world plotted.
By them soldiers in them Chucks, some real ass niggas, some down ass niggas.
See them 3rd ward niggas, see them 3rd ward niggas, Now I like a dog bitch.
Big nasty like a freak, like my ex 17th Ward bitch Rajaree, she used to lick.
My whole body, and she didn't , but on the real like a man, she could.
Suck a mean dick, now won't ya bow for the 3rd ward, I say now bow for the.
10th ward, Now won't ya bow for the 13th, I say now bow for the 17th.

I was doing about 60 in my  pure white, Got my phone and call up Tec.
Because we was going to the Rochambeau', He said it wasn't that long before.
You spent that fuckin' corner, He got that bitch out duckin,.
Racing up the block had to front on them hoes, and I kept my shield up.
Had to show em' my golds, first stop at St. Thomas when I saw this hoe.
I peeped her face, and hit a hole, I hit the ground fall on my right nigga.
Bow for a nigga that keep in line, can't forget that whole posse off second.
And drive, Won't ya bow for the Melphamine, I say now bow for the Josephine.
Now won't ya bow for the Calio, Now won't ya bow for the Calio, Now won't ya.
Bow for the Magnolia, Now won't ya bow for the Magnolia.

Them hoes with the real short hair, stopped too, guess who? I seen the 17th.
crew.
All they know it's Yella and Tec a.k.a. just call em' U, I got my nigga Lil Ya.
Fuckin' them hoes with his Glock, all 3 we combust together; we makin' them.
Hoes pussy pop, If ya down with the 3 then you know just what to do.
Won't'cha break em' off proper with that Bow part II, Now won't ya bow for the.
3rd ward, I say go bow for the 10th ward, now won't ya bow for the 13th, Now.
Won't ya bow for the 17th, Now won't ya bow for the Melphamine,I say now bow.
For the Josephine, I say now bow for the Calio, I say now bow for the Calio.
Won't ya bow for the Magnolia, I say now bow for the Magnolia.

Bitch we never gon' what? Bitch we always gon bow.
Bitch we never gon' what? Bitch we always gon bow.
Won't ya, Bow, Bow, Bow, Bow, Bow, Bow, Bow.
Won't ya, Bow, Bow, Bow, Bow, Bow, Bow, Bow.
Cause nigga you ain't tough, nigga you ain't tough.
And bitch you ain't bad, so fuck you and Michael.

