Epacs Enur Lyrics
by 57 Pixels.


Uh, come over here girl, feel my Addy scimmy.
I'll top you off with whipped cream and add some jimmies.
The Wilderness is where you could kill me.
Until Jagex changed the rules on us unwillingly.
Yeah, I know that you're feeling me.
With a level sixty in wizardry.
Pestering pedestrians.
Always want to get wrecked for free.
But it takes the best in me.
Not to beat these pussies; hysterectomy.
Yeah, I still train on Rock Crabs.
That shows the size of my cock's sad.
Then I get called fag, make noobs.
fall back.
To Lumby, heheh like a God's Wrath.
Zamorak, he's the man with an enamius cock.
Like Ernest, man goddammit stop.
Trail a watch to get that treasure.
One mil exchanged grandly; max pleasure.
No crafting experience, I spun a flax sweater.
It's always sunny in East Ardogue, no crap weather.
Spent that money on gold trim just to be that fresher.
I chill by the Swaying Tree, like Hugh Hefner.
Heheh, yeah this that Runescape rap.
People will be typing,  Yo, who made that?
We'll fist pump and kick with.
One leg til the click stick.
Got ditched quick.
Now I'm a pissed trick.
Call every dick licks.
Since I'm such a misFist-.
Of Guthix, cause I know you'll soon love this.
New game, new name, Level 3: Young bitch.
120 bil for my favorite hat: Fuck it!
I only got three items, nothing to dump with.
Fisticuffs training my ASD, call it you All Suck Dick.
Thirty minute grind turns into three hours life nothing.
Barrows for a few years has been on um list of wanting.
This is 50k lobby, why you only have thirty to front with?
Punk bitch, taking poison cause you want to be with Romeo; love sick.
A list with Eye of Newt and some shit.
For Angela to start crumbling, to make the fastest blunt bitch.
30mil for just saying you're my girlfriend? That's nothing but a slut's wish.

Prepare to taste my vengeance.
While I slice you into pieces.
Then I'll do a dance around your dead corpses.
You can't handle the wrath of Zamorak.
Prepare for an attack.
Of the might blow.
Of what's down below.
All across your face.
You fucking disgrace.
Quit your bitching, man.
I'm the Champion.
Better than Zezima.
The best there ever was.
Champion of Varrock.
And the Slayer of Arrav.
Eenie Meenie Miney Mo.
Fuck your bitch really slow.
Lay her in my Teak Double bead.
While your sister and mom give me head.
Hopping on my D Spear.
Let me make it very clear.
Ain't no body fuck with me except them females.
My D Scimmy wrecks your shit.
While your sister sucks my dick.
Watching her boyfriend die, it's okay.
She'll be crying tears of pleasure.
While me and my clan gangbang her.
Ha, KBD, Ha.
Corporal Beast, Ha.
Kava King?
Not even QBD can handle me!
Saradomin runs and flees.
Guthix stays asleep.
Bandos waves a fan for me.
And Armadyl cleans my feet.
High up in the Citadel, I rule the skies.
A golden angel in all eyes.
I'm above all the Gods.
Even Zaros' head nods.
So go crawl back to Tutorial Island.
Or taste the wrath of the Runescape Stalin.

Void an outpost cause my arms are calling.
Just gave a level three 30k to start jawing.
My fat penis, and to fucking clean this.
Sweetness that I like to call the Barber.
Cause my Hally cuts head clean off.
My construction won't allow the bed with starch.
I need some one to sail my ship, Ned you twat.
Level 90 in thieving and you still get caught.
Damn, that's sad dude.
Dragon Dagger? What a fag's move.
Why don't you just trust us, a glitch? Exactly.
I don't give enough fucks. Will it work? Probably.
Why don't you just jump, into the pit of dragons.
I'm JulBears, a.k.a. 57 Pixels.
Talk shit, you'll be getting weapons distal.
And proximal, yeah with no questions mister.
I'll shoot your ass up like I'm shitting several pistols.
I meant oak bows, this that folk flow.
A Runescape promo, going in slomo.
Ya homo, I need mo' Dro ho.
I'm the shit, but that's something you already know though.
I'll split you apart like the RS logo.

This that Runescape rap.
People will be typing,  Yo, who made that?
X3.

