Epic Gurren Lagann Rap!!!!! Kamina by VI Seconds Lyrics
by VI Seconds.


You ever been smacked with a galaxy, it'll happen to you, if you, thinking you.
match with me, No time for tit for tat and ain't no time for chit and chat.
drive into my Gurren Lagann all about my savagery, Simon the Digger, in my.
prime your sour cuz I'm constantly growing in spiral power, so much I could.
pilot every Gunmen in unison, a beast, we all know that I'll kill em for their.
foolishness, I'm bound to go viral speaking off my outlooks leaving anti-.
spirals and everything they bout, could travel in time and space palm and.
ruger, Doing it bigger than my Mecha while you smaller than Buddha, super.
galaxy Dai Gurren try moving me at all and your ass is what my boots in, a.
star to your eyes like Simon's shades, protect you with teleportation is what.
we have made, Tearing a hole in time and space for nothing more than movement,.
I could shatter your existence for just the amusement, how does it feel to.
know everything that you know and love can be erased by something you can see.
from above? At all I dwell in other realms, a bit of a tyrant or a pirate at.
the helm You think you better than red homie just stop it fam, you bout.
as real as one of Mia's holograms, You beating me? You really bout the drama.
bruh, I need a statue built of me Kamina, Macho Bravado physically unmatched.
so once I take you out you won't come back.
Won't come back.
Won't come back.
That's the death of Kamina you won't come back.
Won't come back.
Won't come back.
And if you somehow mange to I won't hold back, now the reason that we're all.
here YOKO'S TIT'S, making my career bigger than YOKO'S TIT'S, with a rifle.
twice as big as YOKO'S TIT'S, and maybe rub my face in YOKO'S TIT'S, see I.
took a good look at YOKO'S TIT'S, and their ain't much better than YOKO'S.
TIT'S, The actions good but not as good as YOKO'S TIT'S, Did I mention YOKO'S.
TIT'S, But enough about YOKO'S TIT'S, I'm the best thing thats happened since.
YOKO'S TIT'S The most lethal sniper I'll blow those clips and end you all, the.
fact is you don't know sixx.

