Epilogue Lyrics
by Bodi.


When people speak at funerals.
I usually like to be sitting in the back.
That way when the sentimentality kicks in.
I can get to the door quickly to vomit.
I've always felt if you've got something to say.
Spit it out while the bastard's still alive dammit.

I never thought the time would come when I'd be runnin outta time.
To find the meaning in the grand design before I'm in a box of pine.
Put my nose to grind, if it sets the globe atop my spine, it's.
What I chose it's fine, if it turns my back to serpentine.
I'd be cool. Look it's hard enough.
To make it through without another makin carbon dust.
Tryna bring you down, so I die to lift you up.
An ugly duck tryna smooth the ride.
I clutch fear like a gear shift.

If I can steer this just a little more to positive.
I'd go a happy man, achieving one accomplishment.
And that's the truth. Despite the mellow drama.
End this love letter dear world, comma.
Thank you for the chance to do right.
You're the reason that this kid is breathin new life.

Everything and Everyone I've ever loved.
I love. Are living on and never gone and pumping through my Blood.

I can't imagine the position you were in to see me pissin in the wind.
When I was fishin for a fix instead of kissing you.
Instead of dealing with the pain the pain of missing my best friend.
I lead myself into a big brickwall and bashed my selfhish head…
To see the person that you love the most detaching from their spirit.
Knowing theres an inner voice but right now they won't hear it…
Grips my throat with angry hands and rings the neck that's deep.
In lost connection till my feeet are grounded in the grief- infection-.
These moments only last for as long as we can make em.
A portal to the past through the photographs we've taken.
Each breathe I take reveals a memory into a cloud.
Under a sun where you can hear the sky and ocean cry outloud—I'm sacred.
The lessons I've been trying to teach.
Are ones that I have yet to learn-face it, when you're high-you sink.
The older that I get the younger that I feel.
The less I have to say and the more that I know I know how to heal.

Give me a seed, I'll show you how to cherish it.
Find the dirtiest soil, dig a hole, and bury it.
I no longer need a therapist.
I'll just cry all winter on my own come back to the spring and there it is.
I'm just a shadow in the wounded shell.
Growing up a spiral staircase I know the life that cycle very well.
A Carbon Carousel from miracles to funerals.
She gave it all of her heart and he left us with some truth to hold.
What a beautiful existence.
From every lunar eclipse I've witnessed to every open wound I'm still licking.
There's no difference between neural imprints.
And the way that I see the external world appear as an image.
Now I talk to myself from the perspective of God.
I know that I'm right when I bet that I'm wrong.
From death and beyond to the breath in my lungs.
Every friend that I've lost becomes the red in my blood.

I mean everything that I've done, I mean everything that I've been.
Baby every man that I've loved, maybe I've been loving through sin.
Maybe I just love to be loved, then again not love from within.
But I love every part of me artery skin.
But the heart of me's mine.
My veins are just lined up to my face and my body.
Which are basically copies of the base on the knowledge to the basics of body.
So it really means nothing when I'm gone don't mourn Jeanie.
Just release me a song when I'm on you'll all see me.
I'm infinitely infamous, this shell is an incident.
Shit I'm held build that fits compelled to the realest spit.
I'mma writer of fate denied of a daily departure.
I'm the ride you can take when thinking whats to go farther.
Yes further take liberties with words and symmetry.
And I do paint vividly this world's identity.
And I can't Hilary shit like it was deserved to me.
And I'll never accept respect if it ain't earned by me.

Tough though it is, it's a beautiful struggle worth.
Every ounce of muscle til the six feet of shoveled dirt.
Til the hearse marches us to mother earth.
Carried by the ones that we love til the bubble burst.
Perched on a razor's edge, learn.
To walk the fine line intertwinin death and birth.

Certain nothing's worse than watching others leave first.
Picture perfect world, well maybe not.
But we got what we got until it all stops.
Life is a quiz popped on us as kids.
And when we learn to die's when we learn how to live.
And if it's true that the molecules spinnin.
Inside of us have been around us since the beginning.
Then everything and everyone that we've ever loved.
Are livin on and never gone and pumpin through our blood.

