Escape Lyrics
by Yung Massina.


So many things going on in your life.
Your man ain't treating you right.
Well baby girl if you like.
We can be gone by tonight.
Baby let's escape.
If you wanna go, we can go.
Baby just let me know.
Baby let's escape.
If you wanna roll, we can roll.
And never come back no more.
Baby let's escape.

I can read your body language, don't tell me what your name is.
Hair braided, nails painted, oh you fancy? Well I'm Jamie.
And I heard your twinkie still got the cherry on top.
‘cause that nigga like a stepdaddy, he ain't pop.
Let a gangsta in that twat, I ain't even got to beat down.
Bet I make you cum off the head like a freestyle.
Or make your body redial, keep on calling.
While I keep on dicking and keep on balling.
We can hop into my car and disappear in thin air.
Keep the tools like Obie, you can be my Synclaire.
Was that a grin there? Told you I could make you smile.
And it's gon' be the river next time you in denial.

She wanna go, she wanna go, she wanna go, she wanna go.
She wanna go, she wanna go, she wanna go, she wanna go.

Mike The Crack.
Hop in that car, come and ride with ya boy.
I'ma roll the weed, you get high with ya boy.
Fly with ya boy, put you under my wing bae.
I'ma bend your back and watch me pack her like I'm Green Bay.
Watch her make some mean faces when I'm going deep in her.
Have her ass running, legs shaking, and her feet trembling.
And she keep getting it even though I'm deep in it.
And I'm deep in it so I'm keeping it.

Gone and get rid of Martin, shawty you don't need the pain.
You done stood for more shit than the F in Weezy's name.
If you sane, you would bolt, it's our world, you can have your share.
What's mine is yours, we can split ends like damaged hair.
Down to take you anywhere, gone and spin the globe mama.
‘cause you my lil' Frankie, I swear you cold mama.
You got me sold mama, the way you straight ball.
Pussy on China, I'm talking great walls.
So let the rain fall, let's go make a flick.
Happy birthday to your body, let me go my licks.
Gone and hop up on that dick, I just want to beat it backwards.
And stick my log in, baby what's your password?

We can go to my condo.
Baby let's escape.
And never come back no more.
Baby let's escape.

