Eternally Unforgiven Lyrics
by X-Raided.


Bloc Star, Bloc Star.
Bloc Star, Bloc Star, Bloc Star.
Yeah, Grown mans music bitch.
Bloc Star, Bloc Star, Bloc Star.
Yeah, Grown man music.

Long as the world is spinnin.
Whether I'm dead or livin.
I'll be hated forever, Eternally Unforgiven.
For all the times I commited sins.
Misery never ends.
Havin visions of the flames my soul will be burnin in.
I'll be turnin in my grave, Unable to find peace.
With people prayin that I rest in grief.
Let it be.
Long as the world is spinnin.
Whether I'm dead or livin.
I'll be hated forever.
Eternally, Eternally Unforgiven.

While pregnant with me.
Mama rubbed her stomach at night.
When I was born.
She said she knew I would be somethin in life.
Mama told me I was a gift to the whole world.
Cause she pushed me out and had a nut.
That made her toes curl, Yeah.
She said Look at his pretty eyes.
What a beautiful smile.
He's a bouncing baby boy.
What a beautiful child and he hardly ever cried.
So cute and peaceful.
Until he turned 16 and started shootin at people.
Now he's murderin innocent folks and bangin his gang.
Garden Blocc Loc's, Deuce-Four.
Slangin his caine, Schemin to hide from mama.
Believin the drama is painful.
A demon in the streets.
At home he's mama's little angel.
I'm the opposite of Nas.
Nefarious, X-Raided.
I'm hell's son.
Till God's kingdom or hell comes.
I'll drop bombs.
I'm the Spawn of Lucifer and my mom.
BlocStar Entertainment.com, Welcome.
It was 1991 when I came to the game.
And I was ill before Cypress Hill was insane in the brain.
Let me explain the real.
Give you a little history about the siccness.
And what it was really meant to be.
Now what it meant to me.
It was gangsta, Shit so pure.
It was sick with no cure, Literally.
Wasn't no middle with me.
And to spit it, You had to live it, Represent it with me.
Hear the genisis, Reminisce with me.
The trinity in the beginning.
It was Sicx, Lynch and me.
Lynch was in the Gardens.
Sicx stayed in the middle of The Creek.
When I was freestylin to Dr. Dre instrumental beats.
I was rhymin about car chases and nines sprayin clips.
When Scarface was a Geto Boy and his mind was playin tricks.
When Pac was doin the humpty dance with Digital Underground.
I was bangin Blocc Crip, Puttin niggaroes underground.
By the time I met Sicx.
I was sick with the spits.

We started producing the hits.
That Niggas in Black EP and endangered Nigga Deep.
In 1991 we hit the streets in Sicx's Caprice.

South Sacremento, California.
Garden Blocc, On Florin Rd. in the Tower Records parkin lot.
We hit the neighborhoods where niggas like to spark the Glocks.
And if they hated, Stomped 'em out if they was hard or not.
And I was 16, Havin wicked and sick dreams.
And witnessin Crips schemes on missions to get cream.
Seein apartment managers evictin indigent fiends.
Whose kids will never know what legitimate innocent means, scream.
Elicited by sick scenes.
It was live and explicit and as vivid as visions on split screens.
In the Cadillac Apartments on Stockton &amp; Riza Way.
Where old man from PJ was slangin 3 Ki's a day.
Where all the G'z would say stay when they came from Sac to East LA.
And all the G'z would say that I would be a G someday.
Cause I was down for the gun play.
Raise and squeezing the K.
And instead of savin me.
Mama getting on her knees to pray.
When Brotha Lynch told me to chill.
Sicx told me deal.
The homie C-Bo told me to get scrill for studio time.
The only homie in the crew to ever tell me the real was Big Tony.
He told me to be true to the rhymes.
But I was youthful and blind.
Black Market gave me a deal.
Told me to build but homie I was out of my mind.
J-Dogg and Slim handed me nines and they trained me to kill.
And that's what I did, The truth is deeper than you can define.
Why should I lie when it's evil and the truth is divine.
I don't write fiction, nigga.
All I do is shoot from the mind.
My addictions to benjamins, liquor, cars and chronic.
Fuckin bitches when I should have been at Enharmonic layin vocals.
Instead of runnin the streets sprayin the.44.
What can I say? Forgive me God, I was just loco.
I heard J-Dogg was murdered by the Meadowview Blood.
Hit their hood at 2 in the morning to settle it cuzz.
Kicked the door down, Pitch black, Entered the house.
Saw it on the news the next night.
Injured a spouse, Died at the scene.
Cried and screamed the night that I'd seen all the reports.
Somebody's mama died in the course of gang bangers seekin revenge.
Cockin them hammers, It was a woman, A grandma.
Shot in her pajamas, An arrest and a trial.
God, I was just a child.
With a talent to rhyme because God blessed the child.
It was an accident, An absolute tragic event.
Didn't even know she was dead 'til after the hit.
I could never kill a niggas mama, man.
They're all that we've got.
I swear to God, On the Blocc.
I did not fire that shot.
But I'm responsible, So I accept responsibility.
I'ma product of society and my moms stability.
Rather the lack there of.
I'd sacrifice my life.
And give anything to be able to go back there, cuzz.

Screamin Lord forgive me.
All the bangin that I did.
Hey, All of the pain that I inflicted as a kid.
Hey, Judgment day.
Consider this before you curse me.
I was only a child, So Lord have mercy.
Forgive me, All the bangin that I did.
Hey, All of the pain that I inflicted as a kid.
On my judgment day.
Consider this before you curse me.
I was only a child, So Lord have mercy.

Talking.
When I was a child, I thought as a child.
When I became a man, I put away childish things.
Ya heard, No more games.
Bloc Star, Homie.
No more games.

Long as the world is spinnin.
Whether I'm dead or livin.
I'll be hated forever, Eternally Unforgiven.
For all the times I commited sins.
Misery never ends.
Havin visions of the flames my soul will be burnin in.
I'll be turnin in my grave, Unable to find peace.
With people prayin that I rest in grief.
Let it be.
Long as the world is spinnin.
Whether I'm dead or livin.
I'll be hated forever.
Eternally, Eternally Unforgiven.

