Eu estou decepcionado (Tradução) Lyrics
by Alkappa.

Artist: Alkappa.
Title of song : I'm disappointed with you.
Music written by: Andrew Lando kuxindo.

You see them I'm disappointed and saddened by the man who thinks we are.
stunned.
Just because we speak the truth that the system does not want to talk about.
this everyday.
I'm disappointed with the way that man uses love.
I am disappointed with the lie of the truth that the system spreads in each.
round.
I'm disappointed as the oldest which is sad because I speak the truth.
Sorry that you have no mercy when dizabafa want to pound that leaves me.
disappointed.
It's a pity the man who kills another man just because he wants to inform.
The youth drown the future of this nation without notice.
I'm disappointed as I read it hurts the young to spend money on books and.
courses.
You see them get really confused with agency information.
Did not feel the pain that each feels when the Angolan problem that creates.
the system has no solution.
So why pass information to fantasy.
The best advertisements of beer industries are the young Angolans.
I am disappointed with the young people who have not read it hurts to spend.
money on beer and the rav s.
I'm disappointed with the woman who tells her boyfriend pay attention to what.
you feel.
Just because he does not have enough money.

`` He was you know why I'm disappointed with you, you do not pretend here that.
I only your friend cries! Would try to do something that is not good for ya.
last you see.

2-stanza.

I am disappointed with the man who prefers the point to help.
I do not know why men who want to stay with the barrel cut off I am silent.
Mostly because I do not know.
I'm more disappointed with appropriate that physicians offer patients and.
doctors.
95 percent of Angolan youth is sick.
Why do you think are not able to achieve its objective.
Type the president who takes leave us homeless.
Love is born when the base of the crutch and not creative or positive.
I'm disappointed as the speeches that only charges when it assigned the.
elections.
Have lesions that this population carries that can only be healed of evil.
doers with output.
I'm disappointed that you as the person elected to govern us.
I'm disappointed with the example of curupsão that teachers spend in each.
class.
I'm disappointed with the man who lies just to impress a woman.
I'm disappointed with the man who beat his girlfriend with the intention of.
educating.
I do not know how you can open your mouth to tell me that that this change.
I'm disappointed with this reppers its content and the last cry of stupidity.
The direct population does not have to be vice president has to be.
The brave that are deficient.
Thanks relationships created with the help of money and not love.
I have pain when you hurt just for money.
I'm disappointed with the pastor asking for sheep to be true.
Before the 2nd house of the youth was in school more now and maternity andin.
fucking wine with Coca-Cola.
I'm disappointed with the justice that has meaning only the innocent who has.
no godfather to slow the ball.
Ya.
Alkappa.
Bradas.
I'll just talk about a scene you see here Gulmira are always criticizes me I'm.
always the point that I'm always pointing the same problems.
I you do not you mess with this reppers there is because they have less.
content as a prostitute. Let's not talk about this scene Bifa another! I do.
not have time for yourself with this biff Reppas have more time to send.
messages other people who are lost in this shit.
ALKAPPA.
ALKAPPA.

