Every Night Late Night Lyrics
by Yungen.


Yeah, I'm back.
Haha, I ain't even go nowhere.

Uh, made money, lost money.
Who gives a fuck though? I'm up now.
Wireless didn't book me.
They must've thought I couldn't shut down.
Krept and Kone brought me out though.
Ain't On Nuttin' and it's shutdown.
Stormz brought me out and I shut down.
I must be the lightskinned Skeppy.
Every time I touch down, I shut down.
Do it for the love, not the paper.
Still got my middle finger up at a hater.
Money never changed me, how did I forget man.
When I put Cash on Ain't On Nuttin' from Jamaica? Later.
You are not a G's caliber.
After school, I used to eat Shalamar.
Yeah, I'm legit now and I get mo' stacks.
But I still roll with that ni na na na.
Dem boy paigon, I don't trust them.
Remember, fuck them.
I still ride for my bruddas cause I love them.
And I'll risk it fucking all if you touch them.
But summertime's here now, let's get it popping.
Come through in the Batmobile, you all think I'm Robin.
Black &amp; Red's a piece of art you ain't topping.
Still get that sweetcorn if you think you blocking.
I ain't got a chain, I got too much pride to tuck it.
I'm the man, man, fuck it.
Ordered more Spades, yeah, my hat stayed bucket.
I just have to buss a rhyme and your wifey wanna touch it, yeah she love it.
I just take flights.
No brake lights.
I got your wifey in the studio every night, late nights.
She just give ucky and take pipe.
We just live a great life, now it's time to make a hit.
Time to win a MOBO, time to win a BRIT.

You know PD's the fam, I'm forever on my shit.
In the Smart, either Ryo or Tré in the Ford.
Ranging with Scrap while the S3 records.
We really bu bu bang, I see Fekky in a Porsche.
There's a lot of new niggas but it really looks forced.

I ain't in it.
I've been gone for a minute.
2015, man, yeah fam, I'm gonna kill it.
You niggas best stay over there.

I came to the game on my own shit.
Young boy, I swear I be posting.
She hopes that one day she owns me.
I told her look babe, there's no hoping.
Driving this Range and I'm ?
? said Budden, stay focused.
Yungen put me on this feature.
It's time I spaz out on these retards.
I want this forever, forever.
Dreams of Versace, Margiela.
I pray to God I go heaven.
Cause I'm so addicted to sinning.
I called up a lighty, she told me I'm winning.
I said I don't smoke but she roll and start billing.
She fucking is chilling, she don't talk to women.
She moans and complains every time that I'm in her, I ain't finished.

