Everything Is Changing Lyrics
by Unnamed.

Everything is changing, enough just isn't enough anymore.
Everything is changing, kids are carrying beers out the store.
Everything is changing, girls think it's okay to be a whore.
Everything is changing, 12 year olds are trying to pick up a drawer.

It ain't't right.
And while others sit back, I'm gonna fight.
Cause a change needs to be made, this don't even feel like real life.
The fucked up thing is no one else sees it.
They just see the misleading message as pop music.
And while most teenagers are out there on sniff.
I'm wondering how this girl's been with more girl's than I've been with.
And she just wanna fit in.
Be like her friends.
But no one told her 'bout all the names she'll be given.
All the nights where she just wanna give in.
All the slits she keeps hidden.
Under her long sleeves.
Cause she likes to sit there and watch herself bleed.
I feel sorry for you, but don't get upset.
Mistakes have been made, just look forward and forget.
And all the people who put you here in the first place.
Forget about them, they're a waste of your space.
And don't let yourself go too easily.
You're better than that.
You need a guy who cares for you and not sneak out weaselly.
And next time you're feeling down, don't hesitate to speak to me.

And I remember when I was in school.
Year 11, that's the oldest year group.
Then I see a kid sitting, bunning a zoot.
He's three years younger than me, I dunno what to do.
Then he thinks he's all hard in front of his crew.
I'm like what the fuck is this guy doing?
Somebody should go over there and do something.
And it wasn't too long ago that I was in his shoes.
Started off sharing fags, got my friends to save me twos.
Graduated to weed, and the bongs started going through.
And my lungs were filled with smoke and I felt free.
For the first time in my life I felt so happy.
But it don't need to be like that.
There's something else to set you free like that.
Meeting a girl emits the same feeling.
I remember the butterflies made me feel higher than the ceiling.
Shit, felt so high you be like shit I can't see him.
Met a girl when I was 15.
That was the first time I knew I didn't have to go pick up a teenth.
And go out and get lean.
Or feel hyped off caffeine.
Just so I can be seen.
For once in my life, I wasn't invisible.
But I felt invincible.
This girl meant so much to me, would've ran around the world just to see her.
smile.
And I remember talking to my friend Kyle.
Telling him it might sound dumb.
But I'd do anything for this girl, she was my number one.
And for once I didn't feel numb.
I'd have died for her, and if she was to hand me a gun.
I wouldn't hesitate to pull the trigger and make my life done.
And that's what was wrong.
So next time, stick to drugs.
Cause girls will break your heart for pure fun.
And make sure you listen to what I say:.
Giving your heart to a girl is not okay.

And it's sad to see, but kids think alcohol is great.
And I know I'm still a kid but you know what I mean.
They sit there with their Budweiser crate.
Getting drunk with their friends around the pool.
When it seems like yesterday was their first day of school.
I know it ain't my business.
But I remember one Christmas.
My mum came home drunk.
Wrapped herself in the rug.
And laid in her own vomit like she don't give a fuck.
And I try talking to her, she tell me to shut up.
I go upstairs and read my brother a book.
Because my Ma usually do it but she can't tonight, she's fucked up.
Did I mention I was only twelve?
I'd hate to be like that by myself.
I didn't see the fun in drinking.
Couldn't see myself emptying the shelf.
That's how it should be.
Unfortunately.
It's not how it is.
And kids, knowing what alcohol can do is a must.
They don't see the women getting beaten by the ones that they trust.
They don't see the bodies that are left on the road in dust.
And they don't see the poisoned teens having their bodies thrust.
Into an ambulance, with not a single chance.
Of survival, they're pronounced dead on arrival.
I don't want that in my future, or anybody else's for that matter.
Alcohol can take everything away from you, Gray Matter.

Maybe one day, we'll have nothing to worry about.
Maybe one day, kids won't have to act out.
Maybe one day, teenagers will mature.
Maybe one day, all young girls will be pure.
Maybe one day, nobody will ever cut their wrist.
Maybe one day, things will never be like this.
Maybe one day, you will hear this song and disagree.
Maybe one day, you'll hear this and thank me.

