Everything Bricksquad Lyrics
by Wooh Da Kid.


This what I live for, everything bricksquad.
New exotic whips, everything's a foreign car.
Eat, sleep, shit, everything bricksquad.
Now where's your best friend, I'm tryna take her out to Mars.
That's what I die for, everything bricksquad.
Everyday's a new whip, everything's a foreign car.
Eat, sleep, shit, everything bricksquad.
Now where's your best friend, I'm tryna take her out to Mars.

Wooh Da Kid.
In ya in ya bitch I'm tryna take her out wit stars.
A lotta stamina, so I'm tryna have a menage.
Ain't no battery in my back, but I'm fully charged.
And we ain't handcuffing that, everything is ours.
Bricksquad this, nigga bricksquad that.
My gangsta bitch will make you stick 'em up like lil chat.
Come back wit the work and the paper.
And she stickin' to her nigga like a stapler.

Waka Flocka Flame.
B-R-I-C-K squad, y'all just plain go hard in da paint.
LeBron James, you.
don't like me.
Better Lupe shoot 'em, bullets at your toupe.
Fuck yo Bobby boy Boucher.
Ask 'em if they know I'mma shake shake.
Waka Flocka Flame don't fuckin' play.
And I won't be nigga okay.
32 in my clique like I'm OJ.
Black leather gloves call me OJ.
No evidence for the jewlery.
Couple 100 dollars for the jewlery.
Bricksquad winning hoo-ray.
My swag is on Ray-Ray.
Charles, I can't see y'all niggas.
You and bricksquad headed for you nigga.

Bodies drop when that shawty cock.
Frenchie in all kinda spots.
I keep a gat to pop, fold you like a maserati drop.
See you now, Frenchie how you do 'em like that.
Pillow talkin' get you smothered in your pillow fight back.
You should stop and just think to yourself.
What should you be.
Real-estate could be a fortune in wealth.
Got to believe in yourself, and say one day you gon' make it there.
Jealousy don't live in this house, no room for hatred yeeeaaah.

You know the name, nigga you know the game.
Bricksquad and errbody pop like Waka Flocka Flame.
We be bangin' at 'em lookin' for that action.
Catch a nigga sippin', break 'em down like a fraction.
We be packin' them big bangaz, got guns like the nar.
We be makin' niggas trip like them tity bars.
The squad on the roll, we be killin' shittin' on the road.
And errboy ho look like she jumped right outta video.

Maserati red rims.
Bricksquad chain got red gems.
Cali boys got plugs of work.
Only east coast got red temps.
All them bitches got red hair.
Bompton nigga got red clips.
Movies mock 'em St. Claire.
Politican Ger Bush.
Lil mama keep it real I'll be her lotto ticket.
You ain't trappin', NBA you ain't got no midgets.
Suckas askin' for a feature we don't know y'all.
I keep it home team, errthang bricksquad.

Bricksquad Monopoly you know the groupies love us.
In the airport louie luggage full of rubbers.
Yeah dem faggot ass pigs still wanna cuff us.
Gutta niggas hug the block like it's our baby mothas.
They in that undercover park eatin' doughnuts.
I'm in that 2012 doin' doughnuts.
Bricksquad bandana tied around the K.
Brand new bugatti just bought that bitch today.

