Every Day's A Game Lyrics
by Unnamed.

Yo Unnamed in this bitch! Haha Yo, yo.

Every day's a game.
To me, I'm a little insane.
This ain't Little Big Planet, or My Little Pony.
GTA in this bitch, I'll kill you and your homies.

Every day's a game.
Something's wrong with my brain.
This ain't Sonic the Hedgehog, or Super Mario.
Saints Row motherfucker, hide you under my patio.

Okay, I'll admit, I am a little crazy.
But only a little, other people may see.
That I'm as off my rocker as a rocking chair that's been tipped over.
If you're one of these people you're out of luck, like a three leaved clover.
And I'm like this cause bitch, I'm never sober.
How can you blame me? I'm in Munich and it's October.
Call me a joker, you're just mediocre.
Next time you're alone, look over your shoulder.
Fuck, I'll do it while you're with your crew and hit you with a baby stroller.
You scream, Why you doing this? But you're just getting colder.
Might as well call me Big Show, prick.
Cause I'm the world's largest athlete in the rap Olympics.
Motherfucker you're so fake I could catch you with a fishnet.
Strip you naked and put the pictures on the internet.
Just to break it like Kanye West did with his nose on a stop sign.
I won't stop trying.
To piss you off, it's funny.
It's the only thing that lets me rap free.
So drop to your fucking knees and suck 'till your gums start to bleed.
Then get the fuck out like my last chick.
When she saw messages to another chick.
Oh shit, slipped up again didn't I bitch?
Oh well, just another reason to grab my shit.
I don't toot it and boot it.
I lose shit, go stupid.
I don't beat it and skeet it.
Like peaches, I feed it.
I don't shag it and rag it.
I crack it and panic.
I don't fuck it and chuck it.
I suck it and pluck it.
I got knives and guns.
Kill people for fun.
I'll come to your house.
I'll kill your spouse.
Leave blood on the couch.
Shit will go down.
Don't think I'm a clown.
You see the smile behind this frown?

The only way you'll ever be hot is if you fuck with me.
Because you'll get burned.
Maybe then you'll learn.
Not to fuck with Unnamed because he's dangerous.
Sniffed up off angel dust.
Waiting for the next victim to step on the murder bus.
Diss me and get rushed.
Fuck driving a German whip.
I'll drive a tank through your window on some Navy Seals shit.
Look at your Mum, she's having a fit.
Cause her baby boy never got to stop being a kid.
And you ask yourself, Why is he like this?
None of your fucking business, sit down bitch.
Talk to me again and I'll decapitate you in public, Lee Rigby motherfucker.
While I'm sipping on the syrup, Lil Weezy motherfucker.
Yo Wayne, would you like ice in your drink?
Or all over your body in the middle of a show?
Shit, maybe one day we'll both be in eachother's ink.
But until then I'll keep handing out insults on top of insults.
'Till someone calls out my shit and writes my name with their pencils.
'Till someone hears the name Unnamed coming out of your dentures.
We got has-beens on radio.
People still paying for their shows.
Can't rap or sing for shit.
People still buying tickets.
And wannabes are famous.
The whole game is heinous.
These rappers are so fucking shit.
I listen to 'em and end up with turds on my headset.

Ahahah, yo I think I took it a bit too far that time.
Definitely too far.

We are being watched.
What the fuck have we done?
Why the fuck is there blood everywhere?
I think we should run.

