Everyday labour Lyrics
by Twisted Artistics.


It slips by without notice how you get by in life.
Then it hits you every now and then, how swiftly time flies.
Now I am a carpenter just like the father of my dear ol' mum.
'bout time I sharpened up and got my working class hero on.
Far from searching for that glamour-life and lavish.
Hard working, swinging my hammer to get that cabbage.
I rise before the sun.
Eat a slice before I run.
Then drive sorta numb.
Second I arrive the chores' begun.
Truck come dropping of a ton and you know it's more to come.
Carry the load by hand onto the racks we store it on.
All weather we struggle, hands get ruggid, long.
Since lost track of how many times I struck my thumb.
Lord knows those little nails can be troublesome.
Hand's sore, get the lotion, back to work after you rubbed it on.
Boss is on your back making shure the job gets done.
'till clock strikes half past three, then I'm up and gone.

At work we tend.
To eat with dirty hands.
We need no charity, we are sturdy men.
We get up early and.
Head off to earn our ends.
These girly trends.
We're not concerned with them.
X2.

My boss, he talks funny and fast like bugs bunny.
I'm just happy to make a living that's not from drug money.
We learn to lift with our legs, heavy loads we carry.
Less talk, save your breath, rest only if necessary.
That's life in the profession of the most legendary.
Man to ever tread this earth, who showed us the very.
Way, but hey.. it ain't always easy walking a narrow path.
Some days the way colleges are talking arose your wrath.
You know they just gotta be running their mouth, making you mad.
You know you're gonna wanna throw a fist straight to their gap.
But I keep gritting my teeth, keep taking their crap.
These crackers gave me a go and I'm mad grateful for that.
So I keep manning my post, keep breaking my back.
I'm 'a earn every penny, I'm 'a keep stating the facts.
Cause though the tongue seems so tiny among the limbs.
It's like a helm on big ships that's driven by strong winds.

