Everything I Am Lyrics
by Sweetness.


The truth is, I can die today.
People will cry for a day.
Then get on with their lives.
The purpose of life, it's just who survives.
And when it all falls down, who can thrive.
My coming of age was inspiration from my top five.
Sometimes I wish life was as simple as good versus bad guys.
Because the good are really the bad in disguise.
And the bad sometimes are the good with a couple of crimes.
And I just wish life to the people who have already died.
Wished I could have said a couple of goodbyes.
But instead it was teary eyes, frustration like 9 to 5's.
Nowadays, it seems like the good ones go in the worst ways.
Mid life crisis but only in my teenage days.
The age of 21, not celebrating because it's the first one.
But rather celebrating the years that go by, losing the choices of what to.
become.
After all, I always did think that people are gifts that we only see as To's.
and From's.

They say I'm in the hot seat, more like heated leather.
Just kickin back, getting used to all the pressure.
No need to rid.
Tellin' my friends and family to not make the same mistakes that I did.
My hall of fame dreams could have gotten ruined like Pete Rose placing bids.
America &amp; all your institutions; you can keep your awards.
My family will keep being the first to the call of duty for all your wars.
The snakes moving through the Garden of Eden.
I go St. Patrick, pin me with the Medal of Freedom.
The Medal of Honor to my parents for always being there since the start.
My teenage years, tack on a purple heart.
For all the teachers that said I would never make it.
For all my bosses who thought I always faked it.
All the applications that never made it past the trash.
Phone calls and texts that never got answered back.
But to realize the bigger picture sometimes you just gotta step back.
This Thunderous movement, ain't no stopping the boy like Kevin Durant on the.
attack.

Life, I've been a student to the real definition.
Most times it was just me &amp; my ambition.
Soul searching for something missin'.
Asking questions to my statements like what's the mission.
Who's still keeping the faith in a culture moving away from religion.

Funny how someone can live their lives based off another's opinion.
Music is my freedom of speech, rest in peace to the television.
And rest in peace to all the exposure.
I do this for the closure.
My dreams I can feel ‘em getting a little closer.
The women the boy used to think about, waking up and I just tell them to move.
over.
Because I stay faithful to the music, and the only reason she tied the knot.
Is because she love me for everything I am, and for everything I'm not.

