Eww! Lyrics
by Swych.


Yeah!
Swych! Haha....
Uh.

Now everybody say eww, when they see me on the scene.
Snapback, DC's, graphic as the tee.
Cause my style is violent, they gon' need some violins.
Uh, young'n kill the comp like a virus.
Moment of silence, open your eyelids.
And focus your iris, you ain't seen nothing like this!
Ha, you hear the echo?
It's cause I'm at the top, hard to spot,.
like a freckle.
They say I'm too much, put that extra with -terrestrial.
And haters just dumb, but they ain't nothing special.
Nothing I could do about it, guess I should just let go.
But if you really rocking with Swych! Then let's go.
Uh, I got a one of a kind mind.
That's why I'm going dumber than einstein, genius.
And they ain't parallel to my lines.
So how the hell they equaling my sign, genius?

All my homies see me out so they holla what's up.
All the ladies see me out so they what's good.
You already know what your boy is about.
And if you don't know by now well I'm sorry you should.
Haha eww!.. Haha eww!
Haha eww!.. Haha eww!

They can't get enough of the team.
So my broads double up like a cup full of lean.
I be jumping on a beat like there's some foams up on its feet.
See I could do this in my sleep and you can't do this in your dreams.
Ha, who are you to me?
Nothing but a hater, and foolish as it seems.
I respect you for that, cause see that means you different.
Because everybody love me, even your sister - EWW!
I'm like a day where you can lay up in a hammock.
And have the baddest chick you know, make you a sandwich.
Bag of chips, and a Mountain Dew with no ice!
Haha, in other words I'm nice.
I'm tryna get Fresh Prince butter.
And still keep it G like the Fresh Prince butler.
And we gon' need violas for those who try to oppose us.
Put 'em in a better place like the Fresh Prince mother!

Fire-type lyrics, water-type flow.
Grass-type presidents and rock-type shows.
Find me in the phonebook they callin' me the truth.
I be wildin'! Throw a pokeball up in the booth, I.
Think I need to register as a deadly weapon.
Cause me slippin' like Mew , you'll never catch it.
I'm borderline legendary, about to go Mexican.
The game like a lesbian and they ain't tryna let me in.
They ain't tryna let me shine and get mine.
But I been on my grind like all my life.
So why would I stop now this here is my 9.
Cocked, blaow! Another hater shot down.
Another beat chalked out, by the lyrical criminal.
Can't nobody see him, the kid is invisible.
Can't nobody beat him, the kid is invincible.
To mirror me, you gon' litter'ly need a miracle!

Alright, cut &amp; print.

