Excerpt Lyrics
by Xian.


X-I-A-N GR8T MUSIC.
Used to have a crush on this chick named Reina.
Hair was so nice, didn't need no peina.
Played guitar and sang, she was an entertainer.
Probably made her dad proud… more like Jaina.
Let me explain, and paint a vivid image.
Basketball, I played for her in every scrimmage.
Thought of her for strength, didn't need no spinach.
She must have been a snitch cause I chased her like Quidditch.
Let me tell you how the story went.
I did a little prank that wasn't taken how I meant.
Took her pics from Myspace and replaced the guys in them with my face.
Had no idea this would make me such a disgrace.
It was a shoddy cut and paste job on every file.
Couldn't help but laugh out loud all the while.
When I did this mischief didn't know how pissed it would make her.
I thought me, a misfit, could somehow date her.
Thought she'd think it was funny and cute like a bunny.
I put them up as pic comments on her profile.
Probably made her sick, vomit, and go file.
An order of restraint or at least a complaint.
Wasn't trying to be sleazy or creepy, no.
The reasons aren't that various.
Just thought it'd be hilarious.
Obviously kind of stalkery, you think I.
was blind right?
Well you know what they say about hindsight.
It was freaky and weird, I'm honestly saying.
But sorry Reina, I was just playing.

This has been on my mind for quite some time.
I just find it best not to repress regrets.

This is just a look into my diary book.

Mag, valuable, but not a high price tag.
But still cruising through your city with her bright Coach bag.
She's my homie, so you know I totes brag.
But it's kind of bad, makes me sad, makes me opposite of glad.
To feel us drift apart, here and there, just a tad.
Brad is still my lad.
But me and Mag went together like lines and plaid.
What's going on, is something going wrong?
Am I just played out like that Em' and Rihanna song?
Am I just out of style like leopard print thongs?
Will she be there when I defeat Justin Wong?
Will she be a maid of honor when I marry.
Brenda Song?
Man I hope so, this slope's so slippery.
Feels like a losing battle, so Clippery.
But unlike them, our plight is different.
Our friendship lost flight.
Feels like we're missin' our Griffin.
Looks like our future, but I hope it isn't.
I know you heard this, but I hope you listened.

This has been on my mind for quite some time.
I just find it best to get stress off my chest.

This is just a look into my diary book.

