Exotic Pt. 2 Lyrics
by Yung Berg.

Yb yeah, so i just got ta. Describe u know what im sayin a few things. A few ways
you make me feel 
I ain't. Never really! Nobody like you before 
I must say___yo ray, go. Tell em whats good yo, 
Ray j ya took me swimmin in the ocean and we flyin 
Coast to coast and ya, always keep me focused yeaheyeah 
On, a island jet skiin' me and u girl 
For the weekend by da weekend puerto rican, yeaheyeah 
Yb, ay, im headed Uptown to harlem, to pick my mami up 
I know da pussy tight. She ain't tryina, give it up 
She. My pretty young thing. 
I fly south to see her 
Body like jlo face like selina 
Saturday morn' reggaton out the speakers, 
Shawty you's, a ten i dont, neva wan na leave ya. 
She knows that imma playa. But when i get a chance, 
Imma put her ina bed, shit, n, j holday. Her 
Im all about paper but ma it ain't a party. If i 
Can't have you 
Even clyde needed bonnie 
I need ya right here: babygirl to ride shotty 
Im fuckin wit, ya, mami, hard body ya, know: 
Ray, j ya took me swimmin in the ocean and we flyin 
Coast to coast and ya, always keep me focused yeaheyeah 
On, a island jet skiin' me and u girl 
For the weekend by da weekend, puerto rican, yeaheyeah 
Yb, im headed downtown chicago to pick ma shawty up 
She__wit her__swear. She dont giva fuck 
Roll up hit the pip till she cough her lungs up, 
 
But baby. She a freak she taught me da tummy tuck 
Girl. What is that 
Yb its when i lay a pillow down on her stomach flat, 
Hand full of hair, just the arch of her back 
Then? I go deep in it so deep in it that i fall 
Asleep in it. 
Ay betta hope that shit dont leak in it, shell, 
Try tuh, keep it in less than 3 minutes. 
And baby. She a pimp she dealin wit, three niggas 
But. I still love her. We do it like no other 
Ray j ya took me swimmin in the ocean and we flyin 
Coast to coast and ya, always keep me focused yeaheyeah 
On, a island jet skiin' me and u girl 
For the weekend by da weekend, puerto rican, yeaheyeah 
I make a Stop in spanish, harlem pick ma girl up 
I bought a red rose. It matched my red tux 
Take, her to a island, make her feel special 
Hop up on a jet. Take ya to a place: ya ain't, never 
Been! Yet 
Fiji is the island thats. Where we'll get wet 
Had me swimmin in the ocean flyin coast to coast, 
Always keep me focused: 
Yeaheyeah 
fades, out
, 
