Extra Lyrics
by SwizZz.


Yo.
Been loyal when its un-deserved but never loyal to a fault.
The reason why I'm moving now is the reason why you're stuck and stalled.
The label split and got dissolved when I was out and un-involved.
Its truly sad but life goes on time will surely right the wrong Same goal different path, new team better staff.
Opinions try to break you but people don't know the fucking half.
I ain't mad, I keep it cool.
Judge me by the why I move better yet the way I swim.
SwizZzle Fish now let's begin.
Zeed up from my feet up touch my family you'll get beat up hit PB up for the.
re-up.
Withdraw 50 for the meet up, sweet sativa when I tree up ditch the meat but.
I'll still beef up.
All organic when I eat up in the playoffs I'm gon' sweep up every mother.
fucking series.
Shit Im rapping till I'm weary skip subliminals to diss if I don't like you.
you gone hear me.
Won't confuse, I speak it clearly I don't wish for you to fear me but the.
light I shine threatens every delusion you hold dearly.
So I'm prepping for whatever hear the passion in my effort.
Had to take some time to heal, rebuild, revive my network.
See unity is needed for the movement we gone Sheppard.
Shit rap is merely a checkpoint while I'm here I'm going  Vision big,.
heart heavy growing everyday.
What up Danny every text you sent gave strength to find a way.
Motivation pays this is for the words I fail to say.
I'm in debt for your belief in me and shits about to change.
This ain't work this play clown, cirque du soleil.
Mouth is a chopper, detective open the murder case no trace.
You really fell off and lost touch with your base now its time to get replaced.
you sweeter than peach sorbet.
I'ma satisfy your needs. See, my service can't be matched cos what we offers.
to unique.
Not respondin' when they speak let it pass inhale deep.
You can't save them for themselves just.
wish them well and let it be, B.
This is meant to be I do this in my sleep, confide in triple Z, these punchlines hit like triple G.
I eat the beat, to feed the street, to seek and reach we're coming to conquer,.
been scheming and grinding this plan for weeks.
The moments growing closer.
I used to yearn for closure.
Had to let go to get over, sobered by my confidence and competence to do this.
right.
Plus I feel the burn caucusin' right here behind this mic.
Wassup....

