Eye For Eye 2 Lyrics
by Swift.


Put on hand on my friend I send two men, two mummies 
Think you can phone for a benz, ha ha funny. 
Man got cats like Benz 
Who's that That's Benz, Punarny 
Man just robbed the connect now man's feeling, pluggy 
Make gyal, say Ah, ah, wait. Let me get comfy 
Walking round your ends like everyting, lovely, 
Bow, bow bow 
Make man jump fence like bunnies 
Blowing out come back. I warn say: sutten 
You talk much with your mouth. I put in work with my cousin 
Man down anytime. Man rise up, sutten 
That's, a trap house, bro's selling; hmm hmm in sutten 
Check the background everyone round me on sutten 
Pack, that's Pacquiao, 
What! You saying You want sutten 
Brap, that's a Matic round! 
Let! It rain run away, wet up your cousin 
Big mash, like a car man, have to clutch it. 
Splash splash splash 
Wet, like the gyal that I'm fucking 
Uckface wan na spend the night, but I ain't no ediat 
Sidemen. On the other side them man are policemen, 
He gon' know eye for an eye when the mandem see him 
No hi, no bye, just boom bang from the 2 litres 
I bring your gyal round she's going down like the DM's 
If. I do a piss. I be quick cause she's, probably teefing 
When I get a brick I make Z's. Then I go and make dealings 
Walk with the thing. I am not any human being 
Man brang a brick. It was shit. Man should teef it 
Man, just flex, gyal wan na press. She got ta, be decent 
Hat hat mash mash handbrake leaking 
Man'a, get bread, man'a get cheques, man'a just eating 
Them man are so dead them. Man are so stressed. Man are just preeing 
Gyal ain't, so peng see her in the ends. She was half decent 
Chilling with skets. You know they got blem man do weeded 
Shh shh, be quite when the mandem speaking 
Fill up the hammer cause man. Ain'T eaten 
See me with Wa Wa Bet. You didn't see him 
Need a Rihanna to work this evening. 
Got Lady GaGa and I sold it to Steven 
Sold too much pack out to be in the T, still dealing 
I know too much slappas to be lonely on the weekend. 
This gyal, ah badders way badder than you ediats 
I, know so much trappers. All now. The drought, I ain't, seen it 
Got so much hammers, bro, smoked, he's self he's a ediat 
Dodged, so much cameras. Now man's man, big screening, 
Made, so much bangers all now. Man ain't released them 
Feel to let them all right now make it inconvenient. 
Gyal give me mouth eyes closed, but man'a man's peeping 
Man can make her drown. 
If. I send her text. She gon' get wet so man'a man's leaving 
Old school like GipSet ain't lying about beating
 
