Eyedea & Slug Wake Up Show Freestyle Lyrics
by Sway & King Tech.

Eyedea &amp; Sway talking.
\- Yeah, yeah, okay I'm feeling this.
\- Yeah, you feeling this ?
\- Eyedea you ready to do this man ?
\- You guys set it off though ?
\- Anytime an MC step with a mic you gotta catch wreck.
Feel the wrath for Sway &amp; King Tech.. I just set it off right there.

Eyedea.
Yeah that was it.
Rappers on the microphone.
They don't know how to spit.
Cause when they hear this kid Eyedea.
They know he's the ish.
Because I wipe them up like tissue.
And if I diss you don't make an issue.
I squish fools.
Who're thinking that their rhyme is tight.
But it's so pitiful.
I rip a fool and he ain't even trying to step.
Cause every time I grab the mic.
I get respect, cash my check and break a neck.
Of an MC that's thinking that he is dope.
I'm the reason that his girlfriend.
And family's like Nope, you ain't dope.
You ain't even close.
I leave MC's roasted, never boasted.
Don't approach this, it's so ferocious.
You'll get boasted like the ease.
MC's know that the E to the Y to the E.
To the DEA flows with the breeze.
No MC in the world is even steppin'.
I'm reppin', it's all aggression on this mic.
It's like progression.
Everytime I'm stepping in the session, MC's I'm wrecking.
Thinking that they're testin' on the mic.
It's no tight detection.
His mic come wrecked until he's straight just demolished.
Smarter than your favorite professor inside of college.
MC's might demolish their own type of confidence.
I'mma grab the microphone and make 'em sit on the bench.
Wishin' they could play the sport.
This is my court, rappers get smoked like a Newport.
That gets no support from a kid like the E to the Y to the E.
I spell it mad intelligent, MC's is just irrelevant.
Fatter than an elephant wearing spandex.
Take you and your man next.
This land flex, this man wrecks.
Any microphone that's up in my face.
MC's don't know.
We're kickin' it with Sway &amp; Tech at the Wake Up Show.
I freestyle, everytime I kick it it's sensational.
I'mma break until this microphone and this radio station's broke.
Oh ! MC's don't smoke.
Provoke your own style because you're just a joke.
MC's is just comedians flowing the wrong side of the median.
I'll be beating 'em, feeding 'em, MC's they proceeding.
When it's time for me to feed their minds, beat their rhymes.
Until they got a bleeding spine, Eyedea's divine.
He's the dopest rapper in the world, go and ask your god.
And your favorite religion.
When I blaze the issue's? trippin' like.
How is he doing it off the top ?
MC's don't know I'm rock, everytime I get my props.
I used to carry nothing in my socks.
Cause I've been broke until last year.
That's when I stopped touring with Atmosphere.
Because he wasn't paying me enough.
Now it's E&amp;A time.
I'mma break rhymes, MC's know I just play minds.
Erase rhymes that you wrote down.
I'll leave your quote quote clowned.
You're a joke clown.
Oh now ! I'm the reason the system broke down.
My position is flippin' on the mic and I smoke clowns.
Every single town I'm in, it's outstanding men.
Surrounding them till they collapse.
Killin' their raps, they feelin' the facts.
I'm clowning men who think they're down to pound the town.
It's like: Oh my god, can I get down ?
But the problem is them rappers can't step because they're not close.
I'm the reason that I'm about to grab them from coast to coast.
West Coast, East Coast.
This is my favorite place to be, straight up.
My favorite rappers come from the West Coast.
Because they all got style and they got mad rythm.
I give 'em a new organism, I'm flippin' and spittin' and rippin'.
These cats that's in the session.
When they raps they not got enough aggression.
MC's know who I be testin'.
I'm sittin' here stealing the show, feelin' the flow.
Killin' it, drillin' for real, just be making my dough.
I'm all about the money, first about the rhyme skills.
My- my name's Eyedea, E&amp;A and I'm real.

Slug.
Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, can I cut you off just for a little minute ?
Hello, my name is Sluggo, I paid a little visit.
Wait a sec, I'm down here in Sway &amp; Tech show.
If you woulda told me that back in the day I'd been like hell no.
But here I am, all the way from Minneapolis.
I'm not an catalyst, I'm just an analyst.
Listening to all the records as they come out every week.
And I like it, I see it, yo I try to freak.
I try to freak that speak as well.
Yo I'm like a Speak And Spell.
Push the buttons and all of a sudden I come through rushing.
No, not Russian, more like American.
Tearing it up every chance I can.
Cause all I wanna do is dance circles around your mind.
And let the rhymes climb up the spine.
And come out of my mouth just fine.

Because I rock.
And I'm not hot, I'm kinda cold.
From Minnesota you know.

Eyedea.
It's how I rock.
When I kick fat raps.
I flip cats like flapjacks at a place called IHOP.
These rappers wanna ride on my jock.
Their raps is cold but I rhyme hot.
They don't know how to hit 'em in the blind spot.
I got some rhythm and they know their mind rots.

Slug.
B-b-b-b-but wait a minute, I heard what you said a minute ago.

No way !
When you was touring with me you was way overpaid.

Gave you too much loot for what you did.
But still you helped me distribute the records all across the land so shoot !

Eyedea.
Ayo it's all kid- it's all good man, you know, you know me.
I got paid more than you and I was your roadie.
It's all great because I bought me a big studio with pro tools.
And now I'm 'bout to blaze a freestyle and straight smoke fools.

Slug.
Yeah yeah yeah I know you.
And I know the school you come from.
And all we wanna do is give the lyrics on the drum drums.
And not be just another dumb dumb.
Comin' through the hum rushed type of stuff.
That leaves them all crushed !
But here we go, push the levels up a little bit.
I'mma do my flow, then go aside and have a cigarette.
Cause me, I'm just an addict.
But still I'm cool, comin' from the Atmos.
Rhymin' is just like practice.

Eyedea.
But see I'm a mic addict.
I can't let it go cause my style is so impeccable.
MC's can't see me with spectacles, they digestable.
Riding on their testicles, Eyedea flex the flows.
The best is professional and that is me.
I got a fat strategy to shatter these wack MC's.
I rock the microphone in so many ways.
MC's are gay but that's not mean they're homosexual.
No one could test the flow oh.

Slug.
Of course !
Coming through wit' a lot of force.

Giving 'em everything they gotta do to make sure.
That they feel it and it's pure.
If they stand strong they might be dure.
As we give 'em everything, it's like a war !

Eyedea.
You might see me on tour but I'm not making enough paper.
But if you come up to me after the show.
I'll be like yo, I'll see you later.
Cause I ain't trying to have you around not being an innovator.
I generate a rhyme, penetrate your mind and innovate....

Slug.
Yo son, son, son.
On the real, I ain't giving you no paper, I'll give you a bus pass.
I'll give you a razor so you can shave that moustache.
I'll give you everything you need to get.
Where the hell you gotta go.
Go ahead and kick your little flow yo.

Eyedea.
I know that the fact is my moustache is dirty.
I'm twenty but with this chicks think that I'm thirty.
So they're like man I like you, you wanna just dance ?
But MC's don't know they never could advance.
I'm like an avalanche.
Their battle plans are shaking.

Slug.
You look like werewolf.
But it's all good we're taking care of.
Everything we gotta take care of.
Making sure they feel what we got.
To give 'em that feeling and make them all touch the ceiling.

Eyedea.
It's that feeling.
That feeling inside of their minds.
That feeling that makes them want to go after the radio show and write a new.
rhyme.
Writing some rhymes tight.
I'm divine, shinin'.
MC's don't know how to be rhymin', breakin' hymen.
I'm the one who's always coming through and running crews.
Out of their own city, their flow can't get with me.
Who is on the microphone, they just be kicking it shifty news.
I be rippin' crews because my style is not pitiful.

Slug.
So tell 'em, you heard them kids Eyedea &amp; Slug.
And tell 'em also we got a heck of whole lot of love.
And we will give it all out to anybody that wants some.
Cause all we wanna do is give 'em what they need.
Come, come, come.
We can all reach the top or reach the heaven.
Or wherever the heck you tryna go.
Me I'm Seven and I'm running with the flow.
And I'll give you what you know.
And if you didn't know.. you better act like you should, could.
Maybe I could climb inside your neighborhood.
And we can all have some fun and if not wish we would.
I wish you were here with Atmosphere.
I wish you were tall with tattoos and had a sixpack of beer.
And.. wait it's a little early.

Yo shoutout to my man Birdy.
Noon? it's after one, man.
We'll have a lot of fun.
I think we need to go down to the show, it might be time to run.

Slug &amp; Eyedea talking.
\- Yo we got something popping at the knitting factory today?
\- Yeah the knitting factory.
\- What's playing there tonight ? Today, today !
\- Hum, Eyedea &amp; Abilities ?
\- Yeah I like them kids, E&amp;A, E&amp;A.
\- And Pigeon John, Pigeon John's coming out.
\- Pigeon John ? I like that kid too.
\- But them other kids, Atmosphere.
\- Yeah Atmosphere.
\- Slug, Mr.Dibbs, Crescent Moon.
\- I like them kids.
\- Yeah I think It's gonna be a lot of fun.

