F.E.A.R. Lyrics
by Z-Mane.


Fear.....everybody's afraid of something.
Some people are even afraid to die.
To lose their life at the hands of another....
Or by God Himself.
And what about you, nigga?
Are you afraid to die?
Are you afraid to die, nigga?!

They wanna bury me, I'm worried -- I'm losin my mind.
Look down the barrel of my nine and my vision's blurry.
Fallin to pieces, am I guilty? I pray to the Lord.
But he ignores me unfortunately cause I'm guilty.
Show me a miracle, I'm hopeless -- I'm chokin off.
Marijuana smoke, with every toke it's like I'm losin focus.
Fallin to sleep while I'm at service, when will I die?
Forever paranoid and nervous because I'm high.
Don't mention funerals I'm stressin, and goin nutty.
And reminiscin bout them niggas that murdered my buddy.
I wonder when will I be happy, ain't nothin funny.
Flashbacks of bustin caps, anything for money.
Where am I goin I discovered, can't nothin save me.
My next door neighbor's havin convo with undercovers.
Put a surprise in the mailbox, hope she get it.
Happy birthday bitch, you know you shouldn'ta did it.
Everybody's dyin am I next, who can I trust?
Will they be G's, and they look at me before they bust?
Or will they kill me while I'm sleepin, two to the head.
While I'm in bed, leakin blood on my satin sheets.
Is there a heaven for a baller? I'm gettin suspicious.
Of this bitch the line busy everytime I call her.
Now she's tellin me to visit, who else is home?
I check the house before I bone, so we all alone.

Look, the only thing a nigga fearing is the thought of losing.
I need to get out and get something, no time for snoozing.
Although my dreams been telling me that I'll make it.
I gotta switch to reality and hope that it will never break me.
Never again will I say I'm fly cause that's a lie.
My fear of heights made it clear, but I'm not scared to die.
When it's my time to go, please don't reset your clocks.
Cause I'll be up in the sky, Royalty, we at the top.
Look at the life that we live in, got niggas shooting children.
Because they got their hoodie up, that makes him look suspicious?
You niggas trippin', better catch yourself before you fall.
Cause in these streets, niggas will have your face upon the wall.
Falling asleep is not an option.
That's the cousin of death, I need to go, there ain't no stopping.
No need for decimals dropping, no need for these weapons popping.
No need for niggas to get chopped up, Lorena Bobbit.
Makaveli The Don, I follow Killuminati.
I read the Blueprint, he ain't part of your little society.
Never selling my body for fame, money, and women.
That's why I question mainstream, forever independent.
I never feared a single human being.
But G.O.D. got something planned for us all, mane, and I believe it.
It's just a matter of choice whether you fear it or not.
But let's just see the choice you make when you face the Glock.

