F.U.C.K Buddy Lyrics
by 415 fossas.


Fuck Buddy Fuck Buddy., You can fuck me buddy. Fuck, Buddy, Fuck Buddy., You can
fuck me buddy 
 
I had a fuck buddy once, but now that slut is fucking, dead, 
 
I came in her mouth and blew her brains out her head. 
 
At the funeral, her mom, came up to me and asked why 
 
So I pulled out my dick and poked her in her fucking eye. 
 
I ran to the front and took a big shit in the casket 
 
Now. Her coffin is like a shit. Picnic'S picnic basket, 
 
Her family said she never swallowed baby. All they said was lies. 
 
I can only see the truth. With these fucking acorn eyes, 
 
I shat a Glock today from where the hell did it come 
 
Sometimes. I wonder if there's a wormhole in my fucking bum 
 
In one hand I got my cock in the other. I got my Glock 
 
I think about Stevie Brock. While I stare at the clock, 
 
Diego Johnson in this bitch., The lead-off hitter went yard 
 
I'm glad that my flow left everybody's dicks, hard 
 
It really doesn't matter. If your asshole is muddy, 
, 
No matter, what JG you can be. My bloody fuck buddy 
 
Pop, rocks and sucking cocks 
 
My girl do her fuckin in her socks. 
 
I shot my load to give her an enlightening. 
 
She came as fast as lightening 
, 
Taking, cocks left and right. Dont worry bitch. It won't bite. 
 
I only heard of one girl losin her sight. 
 
I saw the blood. When I came so deep, I thought I could make her count: them
sheep 
, 
But bitch. I ain't so cheap grab that hangar and shove it deep 
 
You see. I treat my towel like I treat my wife 
 
If, you ain't careful. It will be your life 
 
Double penetration creates total annihilation for this generation, 
 
When them dicks cum. Together it becomes a gay sensation. 
 
I need to pee. Can'T you see 
 
Why, everybody be so condescending to me. 
 
I just tell how it be niggas of all colors wan na be just like me: 
 
I, piss gold. Can'T you see Young Sweeny, be that nigga with me, 
 
My name be Young Sweeney. I beat off all over chumps 
 
But. I always be careful. I'M checking my breast for lumps 
 
I'm, so fresh cuz I stay fly and when that bitch says hi, I slap my dick right
into her eye 
 
Then. I grab her thigh and tell her nice. Try but bitch next time this shit
won't fly 
 
Girl. I see you wearing them, pee n me's. So why don't you come over here? A sing
to me 
 
While. I take my dick and penetrate thee. 
 
We're, not like those cali swag niggas. We can't teach you how to dougie 
 
Im getting head from this slut underneath my blue snuggie 
 
We open all day, like a seven eleven 
 
24 hours a day, bitch we're always in heaven, 
 
We may looks like otters, but look here, bitch 
 
We're, Like Harry Potter, we catch that snitch 
 
My boy, Diego Johnson, may seem like a wizard 
 
But. Who am I to talk? I'M fucking a lizard 
 
Gecko girl rock baby. I came in that sock, 
 
Now, I hand it off to my fly: nigga T-Flock 
 
I, like my cream, like I like my slaves…Whipped 
 
And. I, like my vaginas, like I like my muscles…Ripped 
 
I, walk into the abortion clinic and they give me the V-I-P 
 
Then. I walk up to a fetus and begin to S-I-P 
 
As. Soon, as I see the dead fetus 
 
My, mind begins to scream “feed us” 
 
I love little boys. My favorite pokemon is Muk 
 
When. I see a 2 inch penis. All I want to do is fuck 
 
Have. U ever gone ass to ass with a dick 
 
If. You ever witnessed that shit. You would feel fucking sick, 
, 
The vagina mask can make the gayest bj straight. 
 
This invention allows a mouth and my dick to conjugate 
 
I shit out dicks, like my ass, is a cock factory. 
 
All, the gays I shit on, find it very satisfactory, 
 
I'm, the kind of guy who buys cigarettes for little kids, 
 
Then. I trap them in my basement and shoot some dirty vids
 
