FACTZ (Freestyle) Lyrics
by Yung Sizzle.

Yo, what up It's? Your boy, Darksyde Salty here and um ... 
 
Sizzle Sizzle Sizzle, just jumped over Yeezy 
Sizzle Sizzle Sizzle just jumped over Yeezy 
Sizzle Sizzle Sizzle. I done fucked your momma 
While! You niggas turn your backs. I been adding commas 
I'm'bout to feed my fans like Tina, the llama 
And after that I'll have a threesome with the ol' Obamas 
Whoa. I got a GED, you niggas know 
Now, I'm teaching niggas how to put they mouth on this and blow 
And. It blind them cause it glow, but I guess ya'll didn't know 
My dick is like them cheesesticks. It is fucking pure gold, 
Sizzle, Sizzle Sizzle. I stole this from Yeezy 
It's now the second time I robbed him damn this shit is easy. 
I'M, just a hard ass. Nigga coming out the projects, 
Ya'll can't see me in the streets cause my dick's in your sockets 
I'm strutting like I'm Deion to my MVP. 
Before ya'll start your bitching. Yes, I used them PEDs 
Looking. All around me. I own. All this shit 
Smegma Pickle, I'm gon', make my niggas rich 
Pack the bowl with Grinch. Then I flick the Bic 
Cause it's Christmas year-round for me. Nigga shit is lit. 
Sizzle Sizzle Sizzle just jumped over Yeezy 
Hip hop hit a dead end. Yo shouts out to Beezy 
Then, I resurrect it with N $ 4V 
While Yeezy's tasting Ray J on his wife's pussy 
And KTT complain. I stole that nigga's flow 
But. If Yeezy run you niggas ain't old enough to vote 
And, oh yeah, Cudi, -- bitch. I got a bone to pick 
How'bout, you be a speeding bullet to my dick 
Watching Force Awakens for the fifth time, nigga 
That feel when I just made two times they fucking figures. 
All, these rappers need to stop. They fucking lies 

Broke ass, niggas, talking bleeding out. They kitty 
Duckets duckets duckets made another fifty 
Got niggas hanging from the rafters. Just like Charles 
Duckets duckets duckets. I got no withdrawals 
Walking with a limp. I got my pockets thick 
One word from ya'll I'll, kill your dawg. No Michael Vick, 
Yung Sizzle DJ Khaled nigga. We, the best 
Kids, sucking Jared's dick, at least they eating fresh 
Kick. A nigga's balls in, like I play at Wembley 
I highkey, want to fuck the mouth of Daisy, Ridley 
Sizzle Sizzle Sizzle, where the fuck you at 
I'm in the studio reloading my gat 
Reloading, my gat reloading my gat reloading, my gat reloading, my ... 
 
