Fahrenheit 911 Lyrics
by Virtuoso.

Virtuoso.
You told the soldiers fight for god got them slaugthering kids.
Now they sick taking naked flicks at Abu Ghraib.
This is, a step back, not evolution for the torturer.
Let's fight for resolution revolution through a orchestra.
There's more to the, regime change than democracy.
Hipocrisy so the elite can keep their monopoly.
Why so few control so much of the wealth.
How you gon' stop corporate criminals you are one yourself.
In business with the Bin Ladens rich off of Enron.
Iraq building contracts to Cheney is dead wrong.
And Rumsfeld don't even know how a guns held.
Let him fight his own battles faggot wouldn't shoot one shell.
But they'll recruit high-schools for young kids.
Give 'em guns with lasers make them run up in some crib.
To take a hostage no rights in Guantanamo.
We onto those snakes, make them fall like dominoes.
Cause now they talking 'bout delaying the election.
Scare us with terror alerts and say it's for protection.
Won't let the U.N. count the votes afraid cause we are destined.
To take away their power break away from their oppression.
Tell those masons we ain't with their segregation.
We want mind elevation, health care legislation.
Worldwide medication, answers why they not interrogating.
Bin Ladens family just taking them back.
To the Saudi's then they hit us with the patriot act.
We want proof where's the truth start facing the facts.
Where's the bombs that Saddam used to make in Iraq.
Your either stupid or a liar start facing the fact, that....

You have no god, you have no.
armor.
To defend your father who made this Osama.
Been paid from Bin Ladens, Saddam and the Taliban.
So whose oil are you putting in your caravan?

Slaine.
You know that I'm the type to fight I'm willing to brawl.
If it still isn't right we can kill 'em all.
We can go to war, with all these motherfuckers in the sand.
We can take it to the Saudi's now we make 'em understand.
The working class jerking that M-60.
But if I'm going out fuck it I'm taking them with me.
But tell me which lies, are the generated push lies.
From the reagan administration on down to these Bush guys.
Manipulate the media, make it like you switched sides.
Economics trickle down, greedier rich guys.
Are tickled pink and it's sick to think.
While we eatin' chicken wings.
Thinking how to stick the Brink's sicker things.
Are happening it's not inside of my head.
We can't get Osama now so here's Saddam instead.
Sand battle fields are bloody and they're rotten and red.
While Al Qaeda got a camera and there choppin our heads.
And this is your America mine has never been Oil.
Mr.Bush no we never made the president royal.
So put your crown on that ground.
The same ground that gave you your dollars and pounds.
Rupels and your yen.
And look what you've created sir cause truly you are them.
There's a 911 america the president is them.
With his hand on the bible watch the devil in his sin.
When his blood spills know that he was never innocent, No!

Virtuoso.
Lemme explian why my heart is in pain.
You trade lives for loot and claim fair market exchange.
While my man from the block hit the marines at seventeen.
Exposed his soul to horrible killings he's never seen.
Lost more than fifty pounds trekking cross the desert ground.
Afghanistan he's soon to hit Iraq with heavy weapon rounds.
Yo E rep your town cause the bean for your back.
I'm just heated at the current regimes scheme of attack.
The president dodged drafts, drive drunk and sniffed cane.
And claim Clinton should have been impeached for dicking chicks brains.
They think insane and it's plain that their priorities.
Stealing Florida by blocking votes from minorities.
They want police state authority, Nazi mind control conformity.
A world war like when we stormed Normandy.
Cheney's the brain he's doctor evil with a broke heart.
Bush senior runs the country junior couldn't run a go-kart.
They start wars and use our tax to but their bombs.
They're crazy rich from alcohol tobacco and firearms.
And Bin Laden ain't gon' never get handled man.
Only wanted to build a pipeline through Afghanistan.
Osama's father launder more cash.
Everytime we pour gas, while ghetto youth catch bullets in they poor ass.
How can we compete when their base is the elite?
Well I guess our only option is to take it to the streets.
The last thing we wanted was to reach a civil war.
But if our ass ain't living free, then what are we living for?
The last thing we wanted was to start a civil war.
But if our ass ain't living free what the fuck are we living for?!?!

