Failure Lyrics
by ZO'clock.


Im, like anini in niniveh, sent by God, 
Instead of restoring the hopes of the masses i grab 
These plastics strike. These match sticks upon these gastric 
Juices, im, spitin- chopstix tongue, twisting 
Go past a girl with quadruplets on the side walk. She is just sixteen 
Sitting above the gutter potters throw out waste clay, 
She makes pay from shea-butter paste laid out with a cutter made 
Outa fibre glass, jute bags, rusted metal, strips 
The father to her babies, a vagabond with a metal spit 
That night when they murdered Funsho williams 
Thats the same house the same night. He spilled. His seed n got her pregnant
 
Ecstasy in terror. Mixed feeling-, oxymorons 
She was on duty, -helpless househelp. When the assassins came on call 
Poor girl, she doesnt even know whom their father is 
-or. Is she suppose to evn know who the father is 
A? A twist to the story said she had it with the deceased 
Answers to the grave-. To me she says 
 
 ). They make you feel like they don't care about your business 
So. You try to stay. Focused tryna, find your purpose 
But. They hope that you don't make it 
Even, those you trust and your girl. You find out that she don't love you very
much 
N. Now you tryna get her love back nigger. She don't give a shit 
She, probably on the next guy fuck, that nigger on space stick 
Like, that nigger gat, two dicks 
We going round the circles and all these wave motion can make a nigger sea
sick-. 
Shit-Every demon wants a pound of flesh, so I'm standing next to God- 
Hoping that he saves me from the devil cos. He wants to break me with the
ladies and the fancy things evrything is gat price-, jeesie, simps, 
But i'll. Never stop dreaming! Looking up to God to give my life, meaning 
Cos people say they love you when they don't understand what love means: 
But i'unt care mehn, i gat mad dreams, 
 
Scratching, ma dreadlocks. As i write this piece, 
Bursting pus from ma pimples hoping you'll, see this 
The crumpled paper. I write on gat stains of faeces. 
This is a thesis of a graduate from a normal to abnormal state 
Sorry case of a son with no certificate 
The ink. I write with is bad blood from old injuries. 
The voice, i speak with, is croaked from blowing into this- 
Sticks of firewood. I wish a fire would start 
Kerosine i shoulda used. I was famished n, so i drank 
\- slept rich woke up a pauper with a broken saucer. U offer me a token
thanks, sir 
With a broken smile. I squeeze the polymer between ma palm 
Those days. I normally cross the road when beggars were approaching 
But. Now, even cockroaches hide in a hole when i approach them, 
Disgusted faces palms over nostrils when i walk by 
Running from nothing just gazing the world from the mad man's eye 
If. This becomes of me. Would u speed past me in your car? 
We belong in the same family, for heaven's sake, ur blood, brother
, 
