Fake Fans Lyrics
by The Underachievers.

Listen, listen, listen.

Everybody tryna get up on our shit.
Talking 'bout they're elevated, they don't know the half of it.
Tryna get up in our posse, we got rules like fucking Nazis.
Gotta pop a acid-hit and let it drip like A$AP Rocky, hold up.
Catch me in SOHO with my team we're riding 'dolo.
Hugging all my fans givings ends up to the hobos.
Walk around the store can't tell I'm high, you smell the dro though.
If you don't fuck with the gang man you ain't gettin' any photos.
Let me stop it, all joints be rockets.
Shit ain't nothing roll another, got a half O in my pocket.
I sweat the topic, they call me a prophet.
Making music, fucking third eye and the close their other sockets.

Spit this conscious shit and all these other rappers fronting.
'bout to fuck the whole game up while I'm toking, it ain't nothing.
Be that indigo, you know,.
reppin' for that golden soul.
Gotta get in where you fit in, you ain't with it gotta go.
Can't fuck with niggas man, can't fuck with niggas man.
They said they bout it, they ain't bout it, they ain't with the plan.
Can't fuck with niggas man, can't fuck with niggas man.
I keep a fucking closed circle, you ain't with the gang.

Back on the map, now your chick all over my aura.
She see the king seeking the ring but never get nothing for her.
Brought up where futures ain't promised, look at my life be astonished.
Dishin' out positive rays, receiving back the same thing.
A living lord of my land, you niggas novice, I know this.
Couldn't write a bar that I know, the UA the hardest you know this.
Uh, killa in the game, I ain't even gonna lie.
Never thought I'd be in it, told 'em it's gonna take time.
But of course they repent it, cause I coast through the limits.
Know the torch, spit the venom, now we large and we living - Uh.
Guided by the light, shine the dark away.
Oh, you never earn a penny, live the harder way.
Your heart's intention be what your cards display.
So spread love that's the godly way, got more drugs than a pharmacy.
Uh, that's your main squeeze in the lingerie.
She on her knee's like she trying to pray.
Embracing the D in all kinda ways.
So spirit-free is what I'm tryna say, mothafucka.
Shit, I ain't gonna lie.
Went to school until I grew up, thought the limit was the sky.
Now I'm winning with the moon and killing liquid based lies.
Spreading knowledge like a tutor, doofus, screw waiting in line.
Let the Sour D fill my lungs.
Gold fangs hangin' over my gums.
We Flatbush bruh, can't stop us, just watch this.
And let the legends grow and become, uh.

