Fall Lyrics
by Unonimus.

I'm sinking deep in a hole of the meanest demons.
That's eating my being straight from my soul to my feet and knees.
But I'm meeting em', greeting em', and keeping composure.
Seek em', I beat and defeat em' 'till they retreat from my shoulders.

Control is seeping through my pores, I'm reaching the door.
Now all I needs the key and I got everything I've dreamed of and more.

So now I'm needing em', feeding em', and treating em' better.
Freeing the beast in em' while becoming more greedy and selfish.
So I got a head full of head full of helium and legs made of stone.
I'm tethered to my zone, laying on top of a bed made of wrongs.
Crafted with a package of hate, trapped by my fate.
Under the guilt-sewn sheets, on the pride-soaked mattress I lay.
Breathing up evil stuff, thinking of killing.
Scheming up reasons, unleashing my feelings.
Until I end up with my head hitting and meeting the ceiling.
It seems by my anger that I've been released from my prison.
Gleefully stricken, I proceed to start on my plan.
But first punch a whole in my chest and seize my heart in my hand.
Hold it up in the air, pull my thumb from around it.
And drop it, now all you hear is a thump in the ground.
Now I am wondering how I can get out of this place.
Climbing over mountains of hate to get to the fountain of grace.
So I can alter my future and challenge my fate.
But once I get there all I find is a shower of pain.
Now I'm aiming for help but it's out of my range.
I'm in a powerless rage, headed to a flowerless grave.
But I am scared of what's next here down in this maze.
When I find the exit, well I guess that cowardice pays.

Now I am dazed and floating in air.
Talking to whoever's listening but no one is there.
All I see is various colors, shapes, and some lights.
Then, I realize I can change it the way that I like.
Instantly I'm surrounded by platinum riches and gold.
And a whole bunch of cool stuff that I'm itching I could hold.
But as I go to touch something I turn to a pen.
The floor becomes paper, I can feel my heart burn from within.
The riches become demons, I'm surrounded by flames.
Falling while I realize the only way out is to take.
This ink and use it, I know I'm mighty and strong.
So I pull my cap off and start writing this song.

