Familiar Lyrics
by Wordplay.


Yo, your girl look familiar, she was in my crib just the other day.
She was sucking good, like damn.
That bitch prolly be sucking the whole hood.
She the definition of a real hood bitch.
The way she sucking everybody know that bitch.
She ? nigga, wrap yo shit.
Protect your shit and don't ever fuck that bitch.
Don't end up like Magic Johnson.
Just be done and fuck her once.
Kick her to the crib, don't let her stick to ya.
She not sick, that bitch ?

Bruh I seen that hoe, prolly at a party in the 314.
Bad ass though, poking like she on Facebook but she a hoe.
I ain't tripping, good girl or slut.
Edward Scissorhands, so you know I'm gon cut.
My side bitch calling me while my main bitch is in the club.
Nigga 'bout to be fucked up this Ac is all up in my cup.
Girl on honor roll and I can see why when she give me dome.
I think she from Atlanta, so I guess she give that super dome.
I don't know where the fuck I know her from but I know that that bitch fine.
Bad as a muthafucka her ass need all the prison time.
I'm balling in this club tonight, you want a drink? I'm buying.
Everybody get free shots like we all up at the free throw line.

Yung Double D.
She look familiar like them hundred dollar bills.
No 0 to 100 yeah a nigga stays real.
Never gon change even with them fucking mills.
Yeah that's real shit, fuck them fakes, I cut 'em off real quick.
Looking for a bad bitch, something not average.
Yeah I got a habit, ass so fat that a nigga gotta grasp it.
Money I'm stacking, reach up to the attic.
Smashing on tracks I'm a something like a ?
Damn what a tragic, y'all just a ?, puff puff passing.
Nigga I'm laughing at all you fake ass fucks who still think a nigga 'bout.
average.
I'm going in, straight for the win, that's real shit, no not pretend.
I can't fuck with you, you better find a friend.
I burn all trees you better ask somebody.
Gather 'round like we in the lobby.
Got my Ink Mob niggas rolling right behind me.
Straight taking over, got 'em feeling grimy, what's up!

