Far in the Distance Lyrics
by RuMeal.


I'm gripping the grain, thinking &amp; driving while switching lanes.
I don't wanna live in vain for decisions I've made through pain.
Going through something's in life were pussy &amp; henny will make it feel.
alright.
Things I've had before but never really felt this nice.
Friends &amp; relatives tell you how much you're not same.
Now I'm facing the mirror just hope I don't see years of pain.
Everything that I had once feared is everything I became.
Got me feeling ashamed to live on while bearing my father's name.
But I'm a get it, I promise I'll get it.
I guarantee you'll be proud once all my days are finished.
&amp; everyday I wake up I view as a new beginning.
If you go for it you'll get it that's something I'm apprehending.
Aiming for my dreams planning my point of attack.
Bang, bang, I just hope opportunity shoots back.
Formal on instrumentals but promise I never slack.
In my train of thoughts, tryna get my life on track.

Cause it's so hard.
Living to fill a dream, pursue this by any means.
My mental states that I'm a king.
It's not far.
Illusions of finer things, &amp; gifted the grander scheme.
I'm just saying who we are, it's so hard.
&amp; though we're not perfect, the pain so worth it.
But it's not far, it's not far.
Cause it's not far in the distance.

&amp; I'm observing life as I'm analyzing my current state.
Tired of living in struggle I need to move of my current state.
The sky's the limit I'm tryna reach past the limitations.
Making new connections while keeping all my affiliations.
I'm working hard on a path to become a world star.
While others satisfied with their comments &amp; views from worldstar.
I can't lie I want money, cars, &amp; video vixens.
But can't let the vices get in the way of all my ambitions.
I'm superstitious in beliefs my dreams are on the way.
There's no more that I need to say I'm looking forward to better days.
Cause I don't wanna be stuck in my own world.
Were I'm distracted by beautiful women in diamonds &amp; pearls.
Plus life's a beautiful thing until it gets wasted.
Having you contemplating change because it's hard for you to face it.
I'm telling you my wrongs that took a while for me to indicate.
I see the bigger picture, now I hope this helps you illustrate.

Right out the gate tell you like this.
Never would I ever think my life would take a right off the righteous.
Now my nights filled with alcohol &amp; nitrous.
Shamed to admit, how in the hell did I invite this.
Demon in to my blood, screaming in to my soul.
Singing about it even makes me cold, shit you ain't know.
But there's gotta be something on the other side.
The only thing I have is my love, good vibes &amp; my pride.
Great family, always keep the tetrahydrocannabi.
No plan for me, the only medication that can handle me.
So I light my spliff each night.
&amp; practice my peace right.
Keeping the energy flow, backing attention off &amp; letting me go.
Better than ever before, my third eye's open for my indigo.
That's why I'm spreading my life for the fallen.
I'm spreading my light for the falling.

