Farm Animals Lyrics
by 4 Broz By Broz.

DJ Oatmeal.
Pay attention - class is now in session.
There's a test at the end so take notes of this lesson.
Today's Lecturer - Professor Oatmeal talking shit.
You'd win award of the year for being a twit.
I pop you like a zit - deflate your self esteem.
Burst your bubble, hopes crumble to rubble, you awaken from your dreams.
Cause it seems you never seen rhymes like these.
I'll take you out like the trash or phone order Chinese.

If I was grain alcohol, I'd be Sapphire Bombay.
Sans the juice, I cut.
loose, next to me you're a deuce.
In the crapper, dead last.
rapper, bringing up the caboose.

If you bet on me to win, you going home with the purse.
Cursed to be worse than me, you ain't got the credentials.
To be bona-fide, qualified so put down all your pencils.
This Hip hop test is over, and I passed it like I thundered.
Past a semi in the left lane by going over hundred.
Now get outta hereCLASS DISMISSED you all got schooled.
And I tore the school down and I peed in your pool!

Da Reel MC.
One bitch, two bitch, red bitch, blue bitch.
If it smells a little fishy, it's time to get a new bitch.
Hey, where the hell am I at?
I woke up drunk in the trunk of an old Pontiac.
They put a mic in my grill and said preach some truth.
But first I need resuscitation, mouth to Vermouth.
I got buckets, like Uncle Drew.
I'll make you faint in the paint when I'm coming through.
I drive this rap attack with a black Cadillac.
I drop a load in the road like Jack Kerouac.
And I got more ladies than Wilt the Stilt.
They call The Pimping Hall of Fame the House that Chase Built.
Had five pregnancy scares in the last two years.
I'm sitting on different bitches like it's musical chairs.
Get me a beer!

Saruman of Many Kronics.

Here's a gift that'll make you think, it's an early Rosh Hashanah.
No it's a not a new greatest hits volume from Nirvana.
It's the second installment of Saruman's chronicle.
My lines are so fine, to read them you'll need a monocle.
The secret word is 4 Broz; keep an ear to the ground.
When someone says the secret word; scream real loud.

'bout Aperture Labs or.
Ashenvale Forest.
This disk is no flop; read.
the rave reviews:.
The greatest sophomore effort since Monster Blood II.
They're at the top of their game, at risk of sounding overzealous.

Mr. Phantom Menace, how do you do it?
I learned everything I know from Mr. Bean and Pappy Drewit.
Phasers Mr. Chekov; warp.
10 Mr. Sulu.
Frakkin' with me is like frakkin' with Cthulu.
That's all I've got; time I went the way of Vader.
See you in the funny papers; smell you later!

