FDB(REMIX) Lyrics
by TyC.


S-S-B.
East side of London that's where I'm from,Everything you rappers did it's.
been done.
My rhymin game and my mackin game can't touch that shit.
This girl tryna'Holla like fuck me?
Nah Fuck that bitch.

Fuck Dat Bitch.
Fuck Dat Bitch.
That Bitch Tryna'Holla like fuck me.
Nah Fuck Dat Bitch'Ay O.
Fuck Dat Bitch Dat bitch tryna holla like fuck.
Nah fuck that bitch.

Ridin round with my brothers we screamin FDB.
Word around town, your girlfriend tryna Tat SSB.
Pon her waist, told her I ain't got time to waste.
Tryna get raw head that's clean face, we don't love these hoes.
That's word to AceKidd.
I been in the stu, workin on tunes since back to back.
Return of the old school.
I swear I'm tired of these thots, used.
to be sweet like Haribo's.
It ain't so sweet when you love these Hoes.
She was Fuckin with O, she was fuckin with A, she was fuckin with R.
Shit what can I say? She really like the alphabet.
I ain't give a fuck about a Ex, Oh that's your girl and you love her?
But like Micky Dee's she lovin me.
She ain't care about profits, see she.
love the D.
And She been passed around the team, as if she was a football.
Shout out A-Town for Twerkin on my Jeans.

East side we from, Nigga.
T.Y get the mack and we packin.
Nigga.
She tryna holla like fuck a nigga...
But I say Fuck Dat bitch.
MY NIGGA FUCK DAT BITCH!
Fuck Dat Ho.
And Fuck Dat Bitch.
She cryin she dyin, she lyin, but I don't give a fuck.
We don't love hoes I say fuck that bitch.
I say fuck Dat Bitch, that's right fuck dat bitch.

I'm packin the mack in the back of the ac.
Thotties be playin they thinkin we lack.
Okay lemme start again ummm.
Check it woah, woah, woah.
She wanted versace but I hang with my amigoz, that's right.
My amigos hang with my migos.
She wanted to T.Y and I'm wonderin why she act like she need me.
Been in the friendzone dawg it felt like a maze.
She said she Love me Yo I swear that's a phase.
I mean that's a phrase, if she wanting a raise.
Her girlfriends do praise.
I feel like Slim I got a couple Kim's on the side.
But I don't give a fuck we infinite.
She moved on to Y, she teasin that Ray.
To the lord I pray she O.D over Odi.
X's tryna catch me slippin but where my dog's at?
Word to my Homie Jamal, Sha, Benny, Kay damn.
They been through us all.
Her girlfriends, I gave her a necklace.
She gave me a break and a perma heart ache.
Damn Fuck DAT BITCH I SAID FUCK DAT BITCH.

