Fear of God Lyrics
by Voli.

Lyrics:.
This is so pretentious, this is so pretentious.
Love me as a stranger for my lyrics, for my message.
Can you hear it? You should listen.
Boy I swear this shit is different.
Play it so damn cool, you'd swear my lungs was air conditioned.
Gosh, so anti-authority, I lead the rebels, I am the authority.
Guess it's a paradox, sell you a dream, and it's how I succeed in a failing.
economy.
I get ahead like I'm givin lobotomies.
Heterosexual, money, misogyny.
Give you them bars, but this ain't no law degree.
Just so I fit in, now ain't that some irony.

It makes me feel so alive.
To bleed you out from my eyes.
We broke bread and drank wine.
I pledged my soul to your tribe.
And now.
I fear your god isn't mine.
Is this arrest such a crime?
They murdered children with lies.
Oh no, we've been dead all our lives.

Yeah yeah yeah yeaaah yeaaah.
Yeah yeah yeah yeaaah yeaaah.
Yeah yeah yeah yeaaah yeaaah.
But will you be left there? Will you be left there?

We are lost, but no one is searching.
We are lost, but is that the worst thing? No.
We are lost, there's no one to save ourselves from ourselves.
From ourselves, from ourselves.

Yeah yeah yeah yeaaah yeaaah.
Yeah yeah yeah yeaaah yeaaah.
Yeah yeah yeah yeaaah yeaaah.
But will you be left there? Will you be left there?

This is so pretentious, this is so pretentious.
Is if fear of god? Not the one that's up in heaven.
Turn the darkness into light, fear the night throughout the day.
Blinded by the vision of my faith, faith.

So what do I say? How do I get you to listen to me?
Mention my love for the bitches and weed? Talk about money that you'll never.
see?
Luxury dinners that you'll never eat? Fucking these women that you'll never.
meet?
Just so I sell out these stadium seats? Guess I'm a sellout, you need a.
receipt?
Mmm, I look at my mother, huh, I look at my father, huh.
Imagine that accident hadn't have happened, they put on a condom, huh.
I wouldn't be here, would it be relevant if I had never been ever alive.
Just for the hell of it, tell me the truth, you wouldn't give a fuck, you.
would be celibate.
Hardheaded to get where I'm headed, I'm telekinetic, I'm moving this industry.
just with a thought.
Penny for that but I'm upping the cost.
Gimme that interest, can barely take care of expenses.
No reason my wallet is centsless, look at my college credentials.
You see you see you see, I'm feelin the fear…

