Fear Lyrics
by Swollen Members.


Reverberate the verbs surround the noun ground, the pound, the starting block 
Martyrs on the rocks disengaged. I threw them over 
Cliffside from hangman's bluff, that's their brains on heavy boulders 
Ready, the soldier's up 
parascope Red October 
Elves and ogres, and hell raisers to focus 
On pin head a thin thread is what holds your life together. 
Nas measure anatomy 
Take pleasure in the taxidermy 
Your raps whack poetic, 
You rap whack, pathetic 
Leave, you in a house of wax, like a museum figure, deadened 
Strike a match, melt a candle 
Blend, the ammo with the cammo 
Then go * with my famo, its like third Rail to * 
Prevail make you read: brail 
And, eat nails and swallow glass 
Remain anonymous like Rass Kass 
life's, a blast. 
At total recall: you speak in hallow, holograms, 
My, tidal, wave fire even drown the likes of Auquaman 
 
We, the last of our breed 
The actors. With masters degrees, 
Im a raptor attack than ill feed 
And after I capture the last of these thieves, 
You'll hear laughter im back on my path. Let me breathe 
Dastardly deeds, Inglorious
bastards notorious masters 
The. Last of our breed. We are bastards indeed 
The last. We will smash till you have to believe 
 
Yeah, I love god. 
He has made me very lethal 
Destroy evil. I dont really like
people 
Never met an animal. I didn't like couldn't bite 
Smash a rapper into pieces when I hit a mic 
Equip a baseball bat thats. Full of wooden spikes 
Walking down the dim-lit street call me the hooded knight, 
I drop a match and set a tank full of petroleum 
Then moonwalk across Lemoniun. Its pandemonium 
Battle plan is that of an apache resistance, 
Imagining ten dragons with flags in the distance, 
Skull and double axes. 
Troubled brother action 
Ninjas doing double back flips on that shit, 
Social distortion, black flags faction, 
Bad, brained, wasted youth, have interaction, 
Punk-rock, mind-state, hair dyed, leopard print 
Fresh like peppermint darker than a second tint 
 
 Snak, The Ripper 
Yeah, I'm the product of narcotics, 
Exotic drugs And Raw Ebonics 
Any social-social on grandma's antibiotics, 
Smoking hydroponics, 
Bumping ladi-dadi, with a 20 year
old hottie on my dick doing, Pilates 
Like Piper, I stay Rowdy Rowdy
 
You in a diaper on a tricycle 
trying to keep up with a Mazerati 
Every week. Catching a body see me dancing on a cop car 
Strapped with C4 screaming out
Allah, Akbar 
You've got a fear of death, I'm more afraid of livin slow 
So I stay. Driven till my goal is met or till I lose control. 
Nobody can save me. I'M completely out. My mind 
The only ones that doubt me are completely fucking blind, 
 
