Feelings (Remix) Lyrics
by Yung Massina.


You tripping, I don't give a fuck how you feeling 
I just give a fuck ‘bout them millions 
CTB bitch. We in the building building 
 
Why. You telling me about what you going through 
Ain't got shit to do with me. All I care about is loot, 
Give, a fuck about your feelings, nigga 
I'm, just trying to get a million nigga 
You say you feeling me girl. You know I'm feeling you 
You say you finna leave, guess that's what you finna do: 
Get the fuck up out your feelings, baby 
I'm just trying to get a million baby 
 
Nigga! I just want the dough. I just want the loot, 
These niggas, so emotional. I tell your ass the truth 
They trying to make a living bitch, I'm trying to make a killing 
Take your ass to the dentist. If you looking for some feelings, 
My mind on a million I'ma, get it Lord willing, 
These niggas taking shots I'ma keep on bartending 
I'ma keep on hitting homers. You can call me Marge. Simpson 
And! I bet you every nigga in my circle: authentic 
Keep, my car tinted ‘cause. I know the feds snooping 
They got my OG. I hope they don't come and scoop me 
Them gangstas. They salute me them bitches. They wan na fuck me 
I, just hit'em with the nightstick. While these niggas cuffing 
And soon as they start to get addicted to the loving 
I fight, the temptations kick ‘em out, like David Ruffin, 
They huffing and they puffing. But it's not up for discussion. 
This shit ain't all for nothing baby. I want all or nothing baby. 
 
Milli Milli Milli, all a nigga ever wanted 
I be posted up in that trap. I'M just trying to come on up 
On the phone making plays nigga. I ain't slept in days 
I, give a fuck how you feeling baby gone, move them thangs 
And I be on my grind, like 24/9 nigga busting down these pounds, bitch 
Fucking, all these dime tricks. 
All, I want is paper. I don't play'bout mine, bitch 
So. If your feelings get involved, you can ride the pine bitch 
My campaign. Strong. All we blow is strong nigga 
Packs of that OG, my campaign on nigga 
Paper chasing every night. We riding with that chrome, nigga, 
Yeah yeah. They riding with that chrome, nigga, 
, 
