Feels Good Lyrics
by WordPlay T.JAY.

WordPlay T.JAY – Feels Good.

Yeah, It feels good to be on.
It feels good to be on it.

Its feels good to be on it, writing hits is a bonus.
Penmanship bionic, take another sip of this tonic.
Cause I'm celebrating my life, gliding by these phonies.
These niggas don't want it. Like a fugitive, I want it.
Cause every dime I own it, been waiting on this moment.
Hair used to be puffy, don't worry though I combed.
Cause I never was this Sean John the girls would leave me lonely.
Said forget the hoes, let's get this dough, turned up my Sony's.
Focused and feeling so fine, you come with that shit so I can deny it.
I'm really not feeling your kind when I stepped in you went on decline.
Like a credit card that's maxed out, I'm growing up I tax now.
She the only girl I need with her, “breasteses” and back out.
I only go the fact route, got stories bout that crack house.
Feeling so damn good, I can't talk about that now.
I'm seeing better days, I tell my tale in better ways.
Working hard it really pays so what more can I really say.

It feels good to be on it.
It feels good to be on it.
I own it cause it feels good and it feels good to be great.
I'm good at my own rate, there's no time to waste.
Cause it feels good to be on it.
It feels good to be on it.

It feels good to be on it, it feels good to be great.
Rent used to be late, now it feels good to get paid.
How'd I get to this page, books really do save.
How'd I get this far, when the dark nights do plague.
Cause I'm Batman of this rapping, picture that no caption.
They slacking I'm grappling, just banking off of my action.
Not to mention my rhymes, they've grown like 8-9 times.
Treat the track like old paint and sandpaper my grind.
We peeling it off like a rind, top is went back, I'm losing my mind.
Don't worry and fuss about time, we're still in our prime, still doing fine.
Like a model that won't pay the meter, king of the meter now bow to you leader.
I see you I don't wanna be you, I'm straight no Tower of Pisa.
I practice my tactics, scale up like Libras.
Focused on my temp cause I still got this fever.
And I'm seeing better days, I tell my tale in better ways.
Working hard it really pays, so what more can I really say.

I'm feeling good feeling great.
I'm feeling great how are you?

It feels good to be on it, murdering all these beats.
Turning all this heat, never feeling defeat.
Cause every lesson I learn, stay helping me confirm.
All these dead presidents I'm ashing I earn.
Really got blessed with this mind, really God blessing I'm fine.
Taking each step as a sign, stepping up every line.
I'm seeing better days I tell my tale in better ways.
Working hard it really pays, so what more can I really say, but it.

It feels good to be on it.
It feels good to be on it.

