Feel Like Mario Lyrics
by Z-Mane.

Sample from Super Mario Freestyle with T-Rone.
Fighting up Bowser, typing like a browser.
My homie, Donkey Kong, he gonna help me fight Bowser.
And my brother Luigi, he got on that green.
But he don't rep that Grove Street, Waka Flocka knows what I mean.
Aye!

T-Reezy, you know what I'm sayin?
Me and you, we killed that.
You know, it's time to go in on the real song.
*Beat starts*.
Let's get it!
Yeah!
Shout out to my nigga T-Rone.
We made this song a classic.
It's Royalty Gang, nigga!
All day everyday.
All right.

Ok, Mario up in this thing with my bro Luigi.
Here in Mushroom Kingdom hangin' with my girl Peach.
See, we runnin' this game, can't nobody touch the Mario Bros.
I am the king, even Wario knows.
I been runnin' this thing since back in '81.
Saving Peach from Donkey Kong, just jumpin' and havin' fun.
Now I do my own thing  cause I'm Super Mario.
Sonic trying to reach my level but he can't, sorry bro!
Man, I called all of the homies for that Super Smash Bros.
First we melee then we brawl, I think I'll go give Peach a call.
I'm the king of Nintendo, all I do is win.
Bowser thinks he's such a G, but no, he just pretends.
Every single day, I gotta deal with King Koopa.
But he don't wanna catch the hands, man, that nigga's a loser.
I ain't worried about them goombas, Wario, or Waluigi.
They always try to knock me down, but they can't beat me.

Man, I swear I'm feeling just like Mario.
Repping Nintendo, shout out to Atari, though.
If you down with Mario, then put your hands up.
Nintendo gang until you die, then put your hands up.
Already.

Luigi, bro, what's up, though? Wearing all green like St. Patrick.
By my bro's side all day, y'all can't touch him, I won't have it.
Ridin' around in a go-kart that got my name on it.
On a new adventure everyday soon as I wake up in the mornin'.
I eat them mushrooms and I'm higher than a mountain.
I'm selling more than Halo, you can ask my accountant.
Man, I'm so astounding, I'm bout to get it started.
And everywhere I go, you know it's a Mario party.
Sorry, but I'm the best selling game series.
Bowser thinks he the ish, but I know that that nigga fear me.
Time to get all of these coins, man, I'm ballin' every summer.
How I get so popular? Man, I'm just a plumber.
Shout out to that Donkey Kong, he got my game started.
And Sony is the homies with Kingdom Hearts and Uncharted.
And Microsoft is cool, too, Halo and that Gears.
But when it comes to Nintendo, man, they all shedding tears.
Ok, Mario up in this thing.
Runnin' it, Sonic looking kind of slow up in this thing.
From Super Nintendo all the way down to Nintendo Wii.
30 years and everybody try to be a friend of me.
Got my blue overalls, fitted cap and fireballs....

It's too crazy, I think I'm a stop right there.
What up to Mario?
You know, we goes in...all day everyday.
Z-Mane!

Sample Closes The Song.

