Feelin' You Lyrics
by 3LW.


Uh, Uh.
Y'all know what this is, So So Def.

You're the heart of me.
Baby, pardon me.
It's just the effect you have. I don't quite understand myself but.
I ain't worried about it.
No I ain't worried about it.
I just wanted to put it on your mind. I think that you're one of a kind.
And I know it cause I ....

I done had others in me life that I like but.
I ain't feel it like I'm feeling you.
Every time we talk, every time we touch, I get a rush cause I can tell you're.
really feeling me too and it's real, it's real.
I think I found somebody who really cares.
Who cares, Who gave me everything in my life.
I wanna share the ways I never thought cause I'm really, really feeling you.

You really got a way that I just can't deny.
And even of I tried to fake it.
I know I'll never shake it.
You got a kiss that make me flip it.
Now I never trade it.
24/7, three sixty-five.
Forever and ever I need ya. I never knew never would find a nigga better.
Oh, I've been meaning to tell you.

It's the way you look that's so irresistible.
And it's the way you touch me that's so incredible.
There's no other, you are my lover from beginning to end, I'll say it again.
Forever and ever I need you. I never knew, never would find a nigga better.
Oh, I've been meaning to tell you.

Now baby you know how hard it is tryna find the right one.
I done had others in my life but you're like none.
I love yo whole style, physique, You're so sweet, petite type of girl I let.
hold my jeep.
My parking lot pimping, slow up tell them girls, hold up. Me and you, no luck.
I got it girl? sho' nuff and I feel like I'm getting it bad.
Cause I ain't felt like this since I was a lad.
My whole mood, when I'm around you, change. I keep ya around new things.
I pull up and your brow do raise. You're the shawty I was looking for.
One I had to push up on. Singled you out in ya crew, true and everything I do.
is for you.
The love you give me in bundles Is the same way I feel for you and everything.
I do is for you.
The love you give me in bundles Is the same way I feel for you, word.

