Feels Good to be a Gangsta Lyrics
by Yung Ro.


Yeah Slim Thugger 
Yung, Ro, Color, Changin' Click, 
Boss, Hogg, Outlawz Paid In Full 
Boyz-N-Blue. Damn it feels good to be a gangsta yeah 
 
Slim, Thug 
Damn. It feel good to be a gangsta 
A young ghetto superstar on the block 
All, the kids in the hood. Look up to the Boss 
Cause. They see me with the ice and the drops 
I'm, the one niggas call when shit jump off 
Cause. They know I'm never scared to blast 
And. If you talk down on my side or my hood, 
I'm, quick to put a hole in your ass, 
O.G., Slim Thugger's, what they call me 
All, the young G's, give me they respect 
Cause. I made it out the hood and a nigga living good 
But. I still look out for my set 
All, the chicks wan na, be in my presence, 
Just to witness all the riches and the power 
They never seen a young teen grow up to be a king 
Getting, what they make in a year in a hour 
All the While I don't let the cash impress me 
Cause, I've been a young hustler from the start, 
It's. Just all my hard work, slowly paying off 
Cause. God knows: I'm a hustler in the heart 
See I never let the money or fame change me 
You can still catch. Slim in the streets 
And, even though I rap now still keep a strap now 
Tucked up under the seat. 
So. All I got ta say to you: wanna-be gon na -be 
Dick, sucking motherfucking, prankstas 
When. The shit goes down what the fuck you gon do 
Damn. It feels good to be a gangsta 
 
Yeah. We take pride in what we do. 
And personally I'd like to describe myself as a nobody, though 
You feel me. I don't give a fuck what you do. My nigga 
Whatever, you do take pride in it. You feel me feel good 
, 
Yung, Ro 
Damn. It feel good to be a nobody. 
Well respected. You can call me Yung Ro 
You see my name ring bells from movies to doing flows 
But. I still got so far to go. 
So. I keep on grinding with my head up. 
And realize I done came a long way, 
But my mind's on the future and my future's unpredictable 
I can't stay crunk about today, 
So behind all the fame and the lime light 
I'm bout bidness everyday of the week 
Cause. I got people depending on me and they can't understand 
How. I can come home without food to eat 
But when I'm grinding and I'm tired of it all 
Telling God. I'M sick and tired of this place. 
It ain't, a feeling in this world that can compare to the look 
Of appreciation on my mama's face 
So. I hold it down for my T. Lady 
My kin folk and my niggas on the block 
Right boogie. When I can and send'em words of inspiration 
Cause. I know it get hard on lock 
So when I come to your city. Doing shows mayn 
Show love. When you see me fall through 
Just holla. Nobody and I swear I'll holla back 
Cause. That'S how real nobody's do 
Now throw your set in the air. If you gang bang, 
Affiliated or just love, the hood 
Could give a fuck where you from. If you real it's one hundred 
That's my word homie, it's all good 
So. When you hear me on a song screaming nobody, 
You got ta, know what it mean to be a nobody. 
To say nobody huh g'yeah 
Damn. It feel good to be a nobody
 
