Field of Dreams Lyrics
by Sweetness.


Uh, yea...
Come take a ride with me.
To a place that I call paradise.
My field of dreams.
It goes a little like…
Penthouse dreams of looking out from inside the tallest tower.
I've always been about grinding hard like Rocket Power.
The lifestyle that's perfect, I think my people and I deserve it.
Custom suits to exclusive shoes.
Stayin fly like Howard Hughes.
Look into the closet and it never ends.
The story of Mr. Best Dressed and all his friends.
Tonight we're going out, and tomorrow we gonna do it again.
Eatin' Filet Mignon and poppin' bottles of Dom.
Leave the waitress our number cause she's a bomb.
But by the time she reads it we will be long gone.
Like that basketball team from Harlem, travellin' across the Earth.
To different societies that see a man by his values and not by his worth.
Never worry about the weather, I can change it.
Hop up in this car, I can show you why I call it my spaceship.
European for the week and muscle for the weekends.
Going as fast as we want, no cops waitin at the street ends.
No more wrecks, no more I wished I could have said goodbyes.
No drunk drivers to take lives.
Just me and my boys settling down with the most beautiful of wives.
A love that grows old and gets gray with us.
And no sickness to take them away from us.
And the only Cancer known is the Zodiac sign.
So let's dine; grab some crab legs and sip some fine wine.
Thinkin to ourselves, look at all this, it was worth the grind.
Check the watch, and it's me time all the time.
Check the phone, and no propaganda coming through the media.
Just telling tales to each other through history's greatest academia.
With the people I love.
Nothing feels better than spending time and having some laughs.
Never caught up on photographs.
Because the past will just be the past.
People receiving help with no questions asked.
No more leading on, just girls leading us to the bedroom.
To what goes on behind closed doors, I guess you can assume.
Just no crooked deals, the truth will always be exhumed.
Put your past lifestyle on pause, I bet you'll never want to resume.
Just kick it with me at the top of every skyline.
Maybe buy a beach house to soak up the sunshine.
Wash away our fears and never have to worry about a deadline.
Always something to do, never having to wait.
Jet Set, the whole team always feeling great.
Like the morning after a big game.
But no 15 minutes of fame.
It lasts forever.
Just living my All- American Dream of pursuing my endeavor.
Escape to my sweet life, because each and every day gets a little more bitter…
I got dreams of.
Days that don't get dark until we wish it.
Pulling into the driveway just as the last ray of sunshine glistens.
A mansion for a home, something like paradise.
A place where relatives dwell during the prime of their lives.
Free of disease, on two strong legs and minds that remind me of mine.
And out back, the most beautiful fields for our nation's past times.
My friends &amp; family, all in one place, so I got it all.
While all the ladies come by, just to watch us play ball.
My grandfather might drop by to strike out the side.
Shaking hands with my great uncles and cousins as the tears flow down from.
eyes.
Sons playing catch with their fallen fathers.
Friends chilling out again with their long lost brothers.
Care free like back when we were youngsters.
Have ‘em saying, I swear it doesn't get better than this.
Finally, we're just some happy souls living a beautiful bliss.
Maybe this is heaven.
I call it my field of dreams, we can do anything.
Just imagine…

