Final Destination
by Swych.


Audi famam.
Illius.
Solus in hostes ruit.
Et patriam servavit.
Audi famam.
Illius.
Cucurrit quaeque.
Tetigit destruens.

When I die, bury me on the moon, on the moon.
When I die hope Pac tell me I'm a real dude.
Hope pops tell me I'm a real dude, know he looking down.
I don't see too many real dudes when I look around.
Jeezy told me they all either dead or in jail.
I skipped both, I had a show to do in ATL.
And I was super turnt up, swag steady bumping.
I keep it front and center you could never say I'm fronting.
Like a carving in a pumpkin, see the fire in my eye.
I'm going harder than Contra because you only get one life.
And sometimes I want to cry, wonder why we have to die.
But I never find a explanation.
So I'm living everyday with a exclamation.
Because you never know when you gon' reach your final destination.
Rest in peace.

Poem: Shay Brooks.
We have to learn to love a little, even if it means ourselves.
And we can dress however we want and it is never gonna matter, none of that.
ever matters.
And the best way to admit you love someone is to shout about it on rooftops in.
your own way, because whats the point of doing anything if it doesn't create.
memories?
What's the point of going somewhere if you never go the full mile? If you love.
what you do you do not just say you love what you do you have to shout it it.
even if it is into a void of nothing, as long as you go home at night and look.
at yourself and see the beauty in yourself.

When I'm gone, who gon' miss me? Who gon' diss me?
Who gon' wish they had the chance to tell me how they felt and kiss me.
?
Who gon' take care of my estate? Who gon' meet me at the gates?
Will I get to see the greats and play video games with Biggie, knowmtalmbout.
?
Super Nintendo, Sega Genesis.
How about that N64? Next levelish.
He didn't get to see it, wonder what I'll never get to see.
I'm gonna be a legend, wonder what I'll never get to be.
They can disagree, I don't have time to let it get to me.
Busy making history, black &amp; white picture me.
They say the good die young? I'm trying to be the best!
But if the good die young, then I'm a need a vest.
Why the good die young? I'm a need a ex-.
-Planation, a explanation.
Now I'm living everyday with a exclamation.
Man I'm trying to treat the journey like the destination.
Because you don't never know it.

Unique Status 4 &amp;.
There ain't enough time in your life, might as well have the time of your life.
Have the time of your life.

Have the time of your life.

There ain't enough time in your life, might as well have the time of your life.
Have the time of your life.

Breakdown.

Where do we go.
Where do we go now.

Mmmmmm ooooh.

Where do we go?
Where do we go now?
Where do we go?
Mmmm, where do we go now?

Where do we go now.

*fanfare*.

