Fire In The Booth Part 3 Lyrics
by Akala.

Whoever'S more human must have the right to do the abusing 
I. Imagine that means you then 
Or. Are you men just as clueless 
Foolish fools thoughts of a tortured soul, 
Bought for a quarter of gold, 
One little sand, nigger slaughter it whole 
Why? Not They don't have souls 
They love their children less than we do so they are less than equal, 
They abuse women. So we kill them cos. They are bloody villains. 
That'S right we are the feminists 
For, the women of the world kill terrorists, 
Liberate them from their burqas 
They feel more free with their children. Murdered 
I know that it sounds absurd, but lem me explain it a little bit further 
We're, so superior our missiles, whistle until they tickle 
Little itty bitty grandchildren and make them giggle 
But. Their laughter sounds like screaming. I told you that they were demons. 
 
They pretend to be dead to make us feel sad. 
Put bullets in their head to make us feel bad 
But we're never anything other than glad 
When those that look funny end up in a body bag 
But. If a hair is harmed on Sally or Brad or 
Even, a dog we cry like mad 
A dog is a man's best friend, not a girl. 
Women are abused all over the world, and children are raped, 
Every place every religion or creed or race. 
Even fathers with daughters, uncles with nieces sweep it under the carpet. 
Rape is a weapon used by power and we don't wan na look like bastards 
So, manufacture, hero, complex a reaction to nuttin' more complex 
To, organise mass rape in a state. Don'T wan na hear about mass graves 
Cos. I hate to relate to a shade. That'S darker than you 
One that prays under a different roof: 
Has, less dollars or pounds crowns or gowns, or crowns 
Fill'em up with rounds. 
If they mess with the way that things are constructed. 
Obstructing lines of production 
You can buy anything, liposuction seduction, just buy it from us. Men, 
 
Buy, lies can't buy truth. 
No-One'S selling it there is no use. 
There is no customer base for the product. 
We'D rather buy some celebrity trollop 
Cos. Our life is about getting one-up 
On. Everybody else that we pass on a come up: 
We, don't care what force bring the sun up. 
But lie in the sun every day, gettin' bun up 
Lie to the point that it's part of the culture 
Tell the truth. It'S only the result of 
A double lie: 
Cancelling itself, their
pride cancer in itself, 
Cos virus is normality living in a world that is built on vanity, 
More salaries, more calories, more thieving, more charities, 
Picture a Moor on a horse with a chariot speaking, some kind of African Arabic 
Teaching mathematics with Spaniard when maths had not got to Britannia
 
Can, you picture mind scripture, 
Thats, designed for the mind to enrich you 
Are, you blind, can't you find the riddim pratt 
Cause your timing. Alignment is on crack 
It's hard to be as far off the rhythm as you are. It'S like art 
Hard to have so little charisma. I swear that you try to be shit. 
To. Make me look even better than 
Everybody knows that I am already 
I'm a pedigree that can't be touched. Like leprosy 
Have a rapper like The Beatles begging me to let it be 
And. I don't need no referee 
I play the game on my own. It'S my own. Sport 
And, you can't take a king to his own court. 
You can't take a king to his own court. 
You ain't, the throne sort 
You're the type to rap for five minutes. 
And complain your throat's sore 
While, I'm so sure that my stone jaw 
Is the coldest on road since'04 
But. These silly little boys think their so raw 
Make, a bigger bit a noise. But we know you're 
, 
You ain't up the game. You ain't match fit. 
You ain't even got the brain for the tactics. 
You ain't, even on the bench you're a ballboy 
One lickle send out yout, so just sit down. 
I am the Big Mic. Man with the crown 
Super cat de pon sting with the sound 
Who. Are these silly little 
Wollies 
Think they erupt with enough of the guts to be on it 
Their. The version of me that I didn't wan na be 
I'm the coldest I wrote since Admiral Zheng. He 
I'm the fire in the booth. You a wet rag, 
You ain't, the real ting like a step-dad 
I'm, the best so rest where the rest have 
Don't big up your chest. Let your breasts sag 
I'm, the best dad look. I don't even beat my sons 
I, let them shine 
Even when they got no talent to rhyme 
Insist on doing it. All of the time 
All of my spine is re-enforced with a kind 
Of carbon that hardens
the thoughts. In my mind, 
Of course you will find that I torture a line 
I'm born with bars. No-One ever taught me to rhyme 
The portion, that's mine, don't touch it, 
Furthermore, don't even discuss it. 
I know that you heard 
 
Britain's biggest export is weapons of death. 
That ain't, a theory or a guess, 
Take another breath and your country is next 
Unless. You remind'em, whenever you're rhyming 
You're a beast on the mic with impeccable timing, 
They will think you're in the league that I'm in 
But, that is most absurd. 
 
I Turn a Stanza to a cancer with banter 
For, those between the gangster and a panther 
I know you seen me these man dem with their tantrums 
Like kids. When I'm off on a tandem 
Cos, they don't know what a tandem means 
So rather than use a dictionary. They talk shit and badmouth me 
When. I'M only tryina elevate, your mind G 
But. I don't watch that the love is more than a grands worth. 
You should see when I roll through Handsworth 
Elders, see me cross the road talk to me and it usually goes 
We love how you bus up da ting, spread knowledge, 
Bunfire pon them Babylon college 
We salute you, you're the future 
All the bigger man have time for Them yout deh 
What, I'm saying it that the respect's worth 
More than the chain on your neck 
When. It'S not that it's somebody's mum 
Saying that she feed me to her son 
Cos. She wan na come get his mind out of the slums. 
Akala is smarter than Arthur your dumb 
Regardless, the bars are retiredly dumb 
What the raises and the raated a part of my lung 
 
Take out a whole clique
that. Chat'S do do 
Pic up a mic. We can see who's who 
I'm fire in the booth. You dry wood, 
Your flesh, best taste, quite good, 
So smart, but he still move quite hood 
See him on the road, but don't think that I try should 
That's a wise assessment. Kind of like land is a wise investment. 
Especially land, that's recently blessed with 
In excess of one million deaths in 
And the castle. You rest in that's a next ting 
Built on the bones and the flesh of the wretched 
Throne that you pose in only protected 
Cos. We regret that only deceptive 
Things that we like and only reject it 
When. It feels like it's truth, were digesting 
So 
Get in with a blessed king 
Whose crown is the rounds that he fought 
Therefore. You ain't got ta deal with the fraud 
Of all these picanees, of whom I'm bored 
 
My, worst stronger than their best 
Aura alone, stronger than their flesh 
All, that they known can't compare to his guess: 
Usually, don't ever dare to spit next 
It's clear. The reason is fear 
Even. The worst MC has ears 
But. We can't hear where the beat is. 
The. Time is his flow with the kick and the snare 
When they hear me. They know life ain't, fair 
God bless some and some get air 
Like. These conscious heads that cry 
That I get big headed and I don't know why 
Cos I I have always been this guy 
Ever, since mum sent for the sky, 
I decided that that was too low 
So I'm astral travelling to another zone, 
You won't ever get on The dog and the bone 
Cos - I don't ever really wan na answer. My phone 
Zone that I'm in is high vibration, 
See the future with mind, meditation, 
Your, peeps, poor, libation 
For, all the peeps that get above their station 
I place them in the right placement. 
That is to say, I erase them 
 
Ain't, no-one above nor adjacent 
Still, these mugs. They want to get feisty 
But face it. They don't really wan na face me. 
I, don't run so you can't ever chase me 
And. I been through tings on the pavement. 
But. Don'T beg road fame cos, I never made it 
My. Uncles, cousins and friends have done everything that yours have mate 
But. I don't tell their story. I tell mine, 
That means I'm real and you're fake 
That said I don't mind a bit of fiction 
If. You did tell your story: well, 
But. Your raps are dryer than a dead man's top lip 
After six years of living in hell, 
You meet a nice girl. You just might gel 
Might be wifey. You can't quite tell 
You know why Cos the only bitch in the world 
Is a man and his ego he
hides in a shell 
Mine is harder than my uncles foot back 
Who, don't even need to wear shoes. 
 
Who only eats pounded, yam and stew 
With hands like a can on a man. I refuse 
Who said mum, never raised no fools. Your mum raised, you 
You're a plonker, a plank a donut. A tool. 
You make me think that mother nature's cruel 
Then. I get back and remember: 
Life is a gift, even when it don't look like it is 
And. Everybody thinks that they're cold in a booth, 
Got, no friends to show them the truth. 
Put the pen down become a spectator 
Go get a day job. There is no shame in it: 
We need doctors and architects 
Not more crap rappers that are passed their best 
And. If the cap fits you wear it 
If, it fits your friend too share it. 
I know it ain't. The role of a parent 
To. Take my child's confidence and tear it 
But. It is my role as a father. 
To show my son about life and it's harder. 
 
When, you got a dad named Akala. 
Those are big shoes to fill, be your own man 
Have you own plan, your own destiny. 
Just don't ever mess with me: 
Preferably bun these fools for their treachery 
Definitely, those that put us in jeopardy 
Especially foes that wan na pose. Next to me, 
Nobody ain't testing me 
It's, the versatility that is killing them 
So road, but I teach kids William 
Listen to my albums. I actually write songs 
And. Of course the bars are brilliant. 
We can do politics, spirituality, 
Or, real life, road reality 
Or. Do this ting here with straight up vanity 
Either way, nobody can't battle me 
Much, less shackle me, the maroon 
One man army, an entire platoon 
They're like won't. He run out of breath soon 
How. Does he do that? Is he human 
, 
Look man? It'S the spirit of boukman 
Back in the flesh in a terrible crook man, 
The law won't like me, ain't it obvious, 
I ain't, a paedophile. Now, a colonist 
I'm, the MC that you don't wan na bother with 
To gauntlet is thrown down who's crossing it 
Hmm! That'S what I thought 
You can have your whole life to retort. 
Still won't think up the things that I thought 
When. I was age four 
Strach that before I was born 
In the womb when I was yet to be formed, 
Before that in a past incarnation 
When. I set fire to a thieves, plantation 
Me and Sam Sharpe hid in the cane fields. 
Two weeks straight totally stayed still 
 
With nothing, but a blade of great steel 
Jumped on our enemies. What a great kill, 
Self defence is not violence. It'S common sense. 
The. First, rule of nature self preservation, 
To, let people kill and abuse. You is just self hatred 
Turn, the other cheek. Why 
No-one ever got their freedom. That way lies 
When the oppressed, say an eye for an eye. 
They talk. This crap about the world goes blind 
Just. Don'T attack us in the first place. 
And everything will be just fine. 
In the mean time train hard, 
Read nuff stay sharp, 
And, don't diss the sisters. Are you barmy 
You are putting down half your army 
 
Any evolution without the women in the middle is no revolution at all.
 
Trust me, you could be back through them all 
Women. Were there ready to pop tools? 
But we have become so cowardly that 
Rather than fight back, we attack 
The only ones that ever had our back 
And. That is a actual fact 
And. I ain't saying that I ain't ever done that 
I'm just saying that it's time that we bun that 
So don't put my name in the same sentence: 
As real revolutionaries, I'm offended 
Real revolutionaries spend their life engaged in revolutionary acts 
And as cold as I am on. The mic 
Thus far I just rap 
 
That, said there is no comparison, 
To cold for the way that I carry on 
These vultures feed off carrion 
Come along now carry on carry on 
Roll up roll up two for a pound, 
Bun down MC's bun whole sound 
Bun your whole clique, I bun the whole town 
Take a stroll at the speed of sound 
Who said the speed of light was the fastest thing. 
Never knew the speed of darkness. 
A black hole absorbs all light that there is 
So. How could light ever get past? It 
I studied the masters and sages 
Secret teachings of all of the ages. 
I, don't know, I can't explain it. 
The knowledge, ain't mine, yet I radiate it 
It's why they write sixteen lines. 
And. I write an essay that rhymes 
And. I never went uni, neither 
But. My mind works just fine, 
 
In fact: no need to be modest, 
My mind's, a fine instrument, If I'm honest 
And. I promise that I'll show you where the bodies at 
Burying MC's my lickle hobby, that 
And MC's don't bite me. 
They ain't got the technique to even copy that 
I think I made my point 
In a manner that is more than adequate. 
Let'S put all the boasting aside. 
I do know that I'm just channeling 
This thing: what is it 
Inspiration the source of the spirit 
Not, a man in the sky, 
But a force that animates all things that are living 
Dali's brush, Akala's
lyrics, all things 
Ain't explained by the laws of physics. 
Cos you've been down on your life, 
Don't mean you'll ever be on top of it. 
Cos for this force right here, 
There ain't, one that is equal and opposite
 
