Fire in the Booth Lyrics
by Wretch 32.


Made, a lot of noise being silent, 
They labelled me remote now, I'm being scouted by Island 
Beg. You warn a brother, I'm universal. It'S timing. 
I'Ve got way too much to decipher for any cypher 
I'm tryna be so much greater than good for the greater good 
I feel like Nas. All I need is one mic made. You look. 
I'Ve got hood neighbours that ain't never left. My neighbourhood 

bush 
Independence, with a major push, is ideal 
I'm from T and that's real, I'm done tryna define trill 
I should get all of my exes watches cause time. Heals 
I'm, with a new ting in the yard on some Netflix and wine. Chill 
Why beat around the bush what you ain't shaved, baby, 
Put you on invasion alert. I think I'm Jaykae 
The plan was to change the game and never let the game change me. 
So! It'S no strings attached until Wireless mainstage me 
Like, 3 said can't. You hear the difference 
I'm in truths, but that's just religion. 
Every time I made you pay attention, I was worth the listen. 
My ting consists of content. That'S what you call consistent 
Yeah ignorance has never been as bliss as now. 
I wondered why I never got a look in when I listened out. 
The maddest ting is being yourself is what makes you different
now 
But pay me no mind and I won't need it cause. I think aloud. 
Sometimes 1000 words are worth a picture 
Ignore the fact that I'm an artist, that's why I'm on Insta 
Hard work, breeds success and though I'm in labour with her 
I'mma need a midwife, there's so much pressure to deliver 
But I'll, deliver 
It's about time that I had Mine 
Went from trap lines to captivating you with lyrics: that's a trap
line 
Where, I'm from there ain't, no helping hands, there's just gang
signs 
Holy water flows. When you hear bap, that's short for baptise 
Yeah. I want my name in lights, not in a list 
Name. A pair of rappers that could walk in our Rizzle Kicks 
2016 is the rise of the lyricist 
Young Fire Old Flame 
 
Lately death's been getting ever so close, 
Been feeling spirits while I'm driving. I should get me a ghost. 
Growing up, didn't know the difference'tween. The road and my
home 
Now, I'm grown, I'm trying to buy every home on my road 
Takeaway's been over-rinsed. I need a chef to come and live with
me. 
Last time I picked up a pot—I nearly killed a fiend 
I, don't see a potent rapper out here that can mirror me 
When. I gave my kidneys to these kids. They must be kidding me 
Do. You remember playing
operation 
That's, how I feel about these compilations 
Think they're. The next Dr. Dre until they lose their patience, 
Saying the game's in a state man, that's an understatement. 
I mean how much more gems can I drop—on the future 
How much of my fans just might not buy my new stuff, 
We all got bars, but nobody. Here'S a brewer 
I'm bringing sandwich to the beach in the hope of finding tuna 
This is nonsense—past tense, 
I'm a rap genius—I've passed sense 
So. If you ain't got a 2-1 or you ain't 3-2. You got ta graduate before you
pass Wretch 
We got off on the wrong foot because you half-step 
Meanwhile I'm getting restless because I can't rest 
Twenty-one hours, I'm awake the other three, I'm in a daze writing what to say
with. My last breath 
Can. You not hear the difference. Even when it's in your system, 
Every time, I flip the script, I got a scripture 
I've seen man go from the strip to the strip club 
I'm tryna go from eating Rich Tea to the rich club. 
I used to wan na go from the bitch to the BRITs cuz 
And. Then I realised it's a fix when your skin's dark 
Should, I do a Kanye and keep it trill 
Fuck that—even. When I lose I'm the winner, 
I'm—the people's champ. Let me thank the people. 
Who—Never got the point
until; they grabbed the needle 
Niggas tried to minus my pluses just to divide my people. 
Who go from stepping on roaches to stepping by The Beatles 
It's progression at its finest 
They say. My weakness is kindness: 
I killed them with success, cause it's timeless. 

The Writing's on the Wall. We know who Destiny's Child is 
King, Kendrick or Jermaine Cole 
Or. Are you saying King Wretched or Jermaine's Cold 
I'm trying to lay The Blueprint and give you Reasonable Doubt 
So? When you Watch the Throne, they can see me Change Clothes 
Hang on wait, 
You best, believe that I'm a general 
Because one of us have got ta compete at all the festivals. 
And I've been out here, rapping for free before my testicles
dropped 
Man, I'm so credible. I'M incredible ugh 
They say a promise is a comfort to a fool 
I'm lying. If I want to say I live in comfort, I'm the truth. 
And this will be the best Fire in the Booth 
And. I doubt they'll tell you different when I'm standing in the
room 
Why Different class 
Sometimes, you have to ask 
Do, you want to be the best in your country or your school 
In, a country full of rules where we're selling lollipop to keep them sucking
on our balls 
It's Survival of the fittest, so I'm Mo Farah 
I'm black as Akon just tryna, to find my own Gaga 
The less mercy. You show could leave you merciless alone, 
But, I'm yard grown. So I ain't taking no badda nah 
And Tidal's got the whole
world moving crazy 
It's like they rather free Spotify, playlist 
That's messed up like them cops on the dayshift 
Who. Just can't stop and search without tazing 
Shit seems shocking. When you're reading about it 
Six years old, they was raiding my house shit 
Tryna, find my uncle didn't open. My mouth shit 
My, dad mighta killed me—no snitching on our ship 
The Titanic ain't going down because of me 
See. I can't swim, but I'll be the anchor for the scene 
See. How did they expect musicians to stay afloat? 
When? All our sales keep going down the stream 
 
