Fire In The Booth Part 2 Lyrics
by Akala.

Yo, Akala.
Knowledge is power.
Volume 1, Mixtape 28th of may Listen.
Akala music.com.
Tiny bit more vocal please actually.
Listen, Knowledge is power always.
Listen.

Oi, Mate my personal life's great.
Some of you would love me more, If I rubbed that in you're face.
Okay, well.
Let us run down the resume and have a little chat about how Akalas living.
today.
Big whip, nice yard, Been all over the globe.
Look how many continents I have done, Shows.
Couple little company's, Neat little office.
Everything going swell, Little bit of profit.
Built a business educating kids from the blocks.
So far as I'm concerned you gotta be a mug to not rate him.
Own my masters, Still my own master.
Novels and scripts on the way.
Rap is just a part of, The genius and it's said.
And he knows it, Dickhead, Since I used to kick ball for West ham.
With my bighead.
Back in school days wearing hand-me downs from my sister.
And gal' was still onto man, Now thats some ras charisma.
As just a nippa, I.
took my first pull of rizla.
And who you think gave me that? yeah my bigger sista.
So when we speak of struggle cousin it's yours.
You know the same old madness, working class poor.
Yeah, So, may of won a couple awards.
But I guarantee my family's just as messed up as yours.
All the abuse and the alcoholism and drug addiction.
Uncles going to prison.
This is working class livin' in Britain, It ain't great.
You gotta be kiddin'.
So please don't ever get confused by me spittin'.
Cos', yes I said the ghetto's in our head.
But no I didn't mean that if you live next to a food yard that thats in your.
dreams.
I meant believing in the madness they spout about us.
It's far more dangerous than putting us in council houses.
So yeah I criticize but from a place of love, never, ever.
Because I think that I've become above.
Every young broth, you wanna judge as a tug'.
It's me minus a little guidance and love.
So I think that your the mug.
And why be smug when it's an actual fact.
We all commit crime, Simply by paying tax.
Cos' we then go and tickle the people in Iraq.
And ask them so politely for all their minerals we extract.
We blew children's heads off, Set fire to backs.
Were a gangsta nation get down or you get clapped, so.
When you see the yout' running around on the road with heaters.
Don't be surprised, they're just copying their leaders.
Long as the wars stay in places that are brown and poor.
We can all pretend to be Abhorred But we applaud.

The police man who duppies you will probably get knighted.
If I don't wanna fight you cuz'.
It ain't cos' I'm frightened.
It's just rather fight with those who really think they're titans, shit.
I ain't scared of bleeding.
I ain't scared of breathing another breath in this world where everything is.
so uneven.
Where millions murdered in the Congo and it's barely news.
But if a footballers wife should buy a pair of shoes.
I'm supposed to give a fuck apparently, I do not.
The worlds a reflection of you're block.
And if you think a world that profit from their death, and be totally cool.
And things should be better cos' you live here, your a bloody fool.
Look around the genocidal abuse.
I swear humanity ain't nothing but a virus with shoes.
Then I pick my nephew up from school, and I look at the youths.
And see the love that they show each other and I'm just so confused.
Because they ain't learnt yet what is their race or religion.
So we're put unconditioned but we learn to play our position.
In the system.
Look what that does to our recognition of self.
We grow suspicion of our own intuition, listen.
Akalas sick but he raps about racism to much.
Could you imagine I gave a flying f.
Cos' it's amazing, how many wanna claim they love this music.
With no respect for the actual struggle that produced it.
Did Hip-Hop not start in segregated hoods, are them hoods not still.
segregated?
So it's really good.
And the first nation not still on reservations where the age of 46.
Is the average life expectation.
And fellas, I wonder where the Favelas, could be suddenly knocked down.
And replaced with something better.
If you got sense you see fights are joined in race class and.
Gender are sides of the same coin.
So, if you really down for justice whoever the people who suffered, whoever.
you are.
I consider you my sisters, brothers.
But call it what it is like Carlin or Bill Hicks.
Not these patronizing left-wing little twits who ask me dumb shit.
On the superior tip.
And wanna act like cos I read I saw less violence as a kid.
Don't make me an exception.
For your mental protection.
From acceptin' the madness in the system we are left in.
That was the clearest thing to come of august events.
All the closet bigots started speaking their minds again.
So when a Jamaican or Asians misbehavin' of course it's because of their skin.
Blonde hair kills a million people, thats just him.
And it's entertaining some people are so thick.
But I prefer that to all of the fake grins.
Cos' it's the only problem people claim they wanna so but don't actually wanna.
talk about.
How it evolved, You are told, this country really really yours sir?
What they did to brown people they did to their own poor first.
And originally in the states, working class whites were also enslaved.
Still no one talks about it today.
Ever since the master came with the system of privileged.

Cos' put the darkest blacks in the field, that mind is with us still.
Billion dollar industry's, skin cream and bleaching pills.
And lets be honest most people of my complexion to this very day still think they're.
Better than the darker section.
You say it's changed then only educate me about Wilberforce not about the.
Africans in Haiti.
Who beat the army's of the British, Spanish and napoleon, From the moment it.
was stolen.
From em, There was no controllin' em.
When I was in school, she said no you never fought for freedom.
No, we freed you and you were on your knees pleading.
And once more did you know that we kind of saved you from the barbarism of.
Africa.
You should be grateful.
And enough of our own people can't be bothered to read.
That they actually believe that we were swinging from trees.
They don't know the kingdom of Congo had embassy's in Italy.
500 years ago, Literally.
Ain't heard of Saint Maurice or Septimius Severus.
They ain't studying the past cos' they think it's irrelevant.
And attempts of pretending ancient Egyptians weren't African.
Nuttin' more than pseudo intellectual lies.
They obviously ain't read what Aristotle, Herodotus said.
About people they saw for their own eyes and.
Egypt's been invaded since the fall of the pharaoh's.
Not once, Not twice, But many many times.
And nobody wants to explain why so many statues have missin' noses.
Even when those statues made of granite.
It ain't one people alone, mis-taught about themselves.
We live on Celtic land, But don't learn about the Celts.
The same, Irish people you characterize as stupid.
During the dark ages some of the most educated living in Europe.
And did you learn the numbers you count with every day.
Were invented by Indian people, I bet you didn't.
Or how many million Indians fought for Britain in both world wars.
Still you got the cheek to call them immigrants.
We don't learn about the Moors of course, for some that knowledge dangerous.
Is it a problem the impact they had on the Renaissance.
When people take power over another group.
We minimize their achievements so we can make it feel true.
So if you think Columbus was first to sail ocean blue.
You probably believe Elvis created rock&amp;roll too.
And oh, for the record no doubt I believe in peace.
But not for one second will I turn the other cheek.
They slap you, slap them back and take teeth.
The only way a bully ever learn is getting beat.
Fight, fire with fire nah fire with water.
See the life you enforce is stronger than the destroyer.
That's why these MC's can't speak to me.
NO, All men are not made equally.
My brains made of iron fiber, conductin' the livest wire.

I don't want credit, because I got a message.
I want credit cos' I'm the best MC.
Dead it.
When I came out way back in 04.
Sister had just won every award.
Most man would have done the bait thing.

That would of been a-list or.
Quickly I would of been famous more.
But look how I came in this ting' raw.
Bang of the streets and more.
If I MC'd and I heard me rap i'd be like what the.
I ain't never gonna' be that good so.
I better not push my luck.
It will embarrass me.
Only insanity, Would make you challenge me.
Better hope if we bump heads, that day that I fee like charity.
If not it's a beaten and ain't no use in searching for meaning.
Cuz all it means is that you are crap and I am a genius.
Wait I'm Panama I'll push the parameter.
Can you imagine a Pharaoh more sicker than average.
I'll kill them with character.
Benjamin Banneker.
Look at the marriage of stamina.
Damage ya.
Boy from Britannica.
Got love from the whole in the calendar, so cold that I roll in a Challenger.
Why your men roll with the ametures.
Im too much harder.
You can just call him Father Akala.
But I don't talk shit like a pastor.
Many know that I'm smarter than Arthur.
Bloody disaster.
Fire astarter.
Probably prodigy.
Make you a martyr.
For these crap MC's that mumble.
Then see me in the flesh and crumble.
Never told you that I was humble.
No I'm not, Don't lie.
I'm so sure with my writing ability.
That I feel like I'm finding divinity.
Sit down and rhyme soliloquy.
My agility, timing is Military.
What scene? get a Guillotine for the Mini-me.
It seems ya'll fiend for the the mimicry.
Your team couldn't dream of this synygy.
That I be when I scheme on a wicked beat.
There he goes again with the big words, better syllables.
Get your dictionaries out.
That's what I'm about.
Clowns wanna shout.
Thrash him, smash him in the mouth.
Bloody professor.
Man of the letter.
I've read and I've read and I'm sure that I'm better.
Never regretting the endeavor to dead an oppressor.
I think that they're lepers that think that their pleasures are better.
endeavors.
Don't know about precious but.
See me? born in a rage.
Maroon blood, coursing my veins.
As you can see I was born for the stage.
But, I'll never be their cultural maid.
Some say that we're political.
Cos' what they're doing isn't.
Don't they preach a political doctrine called materialism.
But, for all the Italian clothes that you wear.
Or German cars that you drive.
Or french Champagne that we buy.
We'll still be monkeys in their eyes.
So why you are beggin' it.
Who knows, Italians fight to wear Jamaican clothes?
Italians call their own women hoes?
For everyone's entertainment bro?
But hey, what do I know.
I'm just the one with the coldest flows.
All over the globe baddin' down shows.
But still don't oil my chest and pose.
Pose a threat to the power structure.
Never cause' were anything special.
But because were the people together.
And thats the only way things changin'. EVER.

