Fire Song Lyrics
by Zubz.


We used to tell stories.
A long time ago.
It's called oral tradition.
And that's how our history was preserved and.
Handed down through time.

Now way back, long time ago.
Before the wise man came to mine the gold.
Before lines were drawn on the continents.
To mark society dominance.
There lived a muso who's name was Turo.
Part of a duo with partner Gudo.
Together they'd bring pleasure to the king.
And the whole village at large whenever they would sing.
They made up all the battle cry chants.
The warriors used at war when they stamped.
Out enemies easier than ants.
Celebrated when they returned to camp.
They would write a new song in advance.
In honour of those who perished for the land.
Picking up both a man and his fam.
And at the same time making them dance.
Check it, one day the king said he was bored with.

He told them Innovate the way that you write.
Bring the freshness or pay with your life!
Turo and Gudo spent sleepless nights.
Wondering how to create a song chief would like.
It's not easy trying to get to bed.
With thought of death all in your head.
You can feel that!

Boys and girls listen up gather round now.

Hey, I got a story and a fire song now.

Don't let them fool you hip hop is your sound!

Just, fall in love with the music!
X2.

Hmm, pondering this impossible feat.
Gudo tapped nervously on the bark of a tree.

The same words We're dead this weekend.
Soon the words and the tapping linked up.
Rhythmically jelled and totally synced up.
Turo stated nodding his head.
Until he noticed he forgot his death, but instead.
He joined in with his own lines.
To the rhythm at the end he threw a rhyme.
Not pre-written, straight from the mind.
And when he got stuck, Gudo was inclined.
To jump in finish it in time.
They went on till the sunshine.
Gave way to give the moon beams ime.
Oh, Turo and Gudo will be fine.
That night chief's wife gave birth.
So the village had a party and they formed a circle.
With no rehearsal the duo was forced.
To once again lead the music of course.
Gudo tapped Turo rapped and they kept on.
All night long, nobody there slept son.
Somebody jumped, started spinning on his back.
That was the beginning of rap, get your facts right!

X2.

That's the story i tell these these kids.
I'm like, Hip Hop didn't start out in Queens.
I'm like, Hip Hop didn't start out in The Bronx.
Hip Hop started right here.
On the African continent.

? &amp; Zubz.

The home of the drum.

The birthplace of rhythm itself.

So I tell them, Don't be afraid to love Hip Hop..

I tell them like this, Fall in love with the music!

