Fix My Heart Lyrics
by Swoope.


Lord fix my eyes to You. I only see You 
Lord fix my heart to You. I only want You, 
Lord fix my eyes to You. I only see You 
Lord fix my heart to You. I only want You 
 
I'm, finding that my best ain't good enough 
So - I try to be better than I ever been 
But. The elephant in the room is 
My best attempt at being adequate is arrogance. 
I didn't seek, God cause the heart in me. 
Honestly thought that I can handle this 
I didn't read the signs of the marquee that a heart, this dark can 
Never, handle being narcissistic heart, sadistic, 
Thoughts and wishes that deserve torture in this dark and wicked 

Spirit Lord 
Battle, for my soul and I'm losing it grabbin' For control and I'm losing it 
Everything about me broke so my heart, I need You to fix. 
 
Lord fix my eyes to You. I only see You 
Lord fix my heart to You. I only want You, 
Lord fix my eyes to You. I only see You 
Lord fix my heart to You. I only want You 
 
Lord, I'm desperate, I'm hopeless. I'M helpless, my heart, so sick 
And hell is my prognosis. I'Mma fail this. If God don't fix 
I'm depending on You, my God, I know my sin. Nature would oppose this 
I'mma stay drownin' with no lifeguard sin anchor tryna takin' down a whole
ship 
Jesus, I'm leanin' on no other name stay grindin', even though I suffer pain, 
I'mma win, some I'mma lose some, but I'mma live to fight another day. 
Life ain't got no pretty bow. I know that I'mma fall down 
Ain't that what McClurkin said: but
I ain't a saint through my own power 
Just, a sinner who dun found his worth up in the perfect lamb 
Because. He lives, though I can face tomorrow. Only those God has set free, can

The heart within and death has been swallowed. Holy Ghost got that flesh
eating disease, 
Mya, Desiree or my desires won't retire, but I know that I can win the war 
My assurance is in the resurrection of Jesus. I fight sin daily, knowing that
He already beat it. 
 
Lord fix my eyes to You. I only see You 
Lord fix my heart to You. I only want You 
 
And. I be finding further frustrations in the fact my flesh problems, 
Aren't fixed in 20 minutes or less yes, 
So far from sitcoms, where mom is so silly and dad is so stupid. 
And every major life lesson ends with hugs and laugh tracks. 
Precocious little sisters hit you with a zinger, no 
No “Zack and Cody” “Hey Jessie” “Good Luck, Charlie” 
Sometimes Corey, don't get Topanga 
And. This ”boy met the world” and loved it. A little too much 
I was “breaking bad”, but my “theories big bangin”, with “mad men” 
And. When the season ends and my “house of cards” came crashin' 
And all the desires of my heart led to “the walking, dead” dang 
This, really ain't a sprint. Is it some of us get “lost” and come crashing on
jagged shores 
No neat little bow to tie them problems up right. 
And. Every day we pitch our tent one day closer to eternity 
So when the storms of life are aimless, drifting and hopeless oceans. 
The anchor of our soul is the same light at the shore 
My peace in the troubled sea, and I found my true north 
The reason for all songs that light beam that pierces the fiercest of London
fog 
Fix. My hear t to you so when tomorrow come callin', 
There will be an all out display of faith in Son of God. 
I know this life ain't a movie, it's life, 
 
Lord fix my eyes to You. I only see You 
Lord fix my heart to You. I only want You
 
