Fizza Funky Lyrics
by 60 Second Assassin.


Uhh fizza fizza funky for you, 
Fizza funky, for you, 
Fizza funky, for you 
 
60. Second Assassin 
Make way new year brand new day, 
Ain't, nothing but some more hell to raise 
With a whole lot to say same ol', saying 
Medina Warriors coming out to play: 7. 24 365 days, 
Now I'mma make the song sing from East to West side 
Spread. My wings then ride from Attica to Sing Sing. 
Like, Freddy I'm in your wildest dreams, 
Nightmare on 60 Street 
Seconds from the Assassin's reach 
Cast through your doors and see you as an I.E 
Tried, the chief warcloud's, any cocked from the strong isle 
Architect at it's best mathematician of heart. That'S soft 
Rap Meyer, Lansky, 
, 
 60. Second Assassin 
I'mma keep it fizza fizza funky for ya, 
Fizza, fizza funky for ya cuz. I ain't playing 
I'mma, keep it fizza fizza funky for ya, 
Fizza, fizza funky for ya cuz. I ain't playing 
 
60. Second Assassin 
I pissed of the rent. I write with a garlic pen, 
I carved the men on the paper. Is that ink of a scholar, man, 
Versus the mighty dollar, damn 
Police gain another collared man 
That. If told right, could win a damn. Oscar man 
Win lose or draw I'mma break you off proper man, 
Like surgery, lyrics incision, like a doctor, 
Study music, deeply from acapella to opera. 
Come get a kick out of this. Like some soccer 
Action saga, ask your Shop of Horror. 
60. Second Assassin through the microphone blasting 
Ain't trying to get to this. You know the half it 
Busting ass and taking notes. I know who crashed in 
Shopped on both sides of the graze cuz I'mma craftsman, 
 
60. Second Assassin, 
Hip, hop's, critically proclaimed ordained 
I'mma. Take you, through the hall of fame, it ain't hard to tell 
History the makings for fake MC's to smell 
Seek from oceans history in my own time, about to open 
Along with great chapters on forgotten. Potion 
Ya'll can't see me: how would you ever notice 
When only one has the key to open the other side. 
Just a notion picked from the All Eye, 
Looking for a being a closed eye, ain't made for seeing 
I get in where I fit in 
Nah. This ain't religion or like Marvin Gaye, this ain't living 
Thirty years another mind, lays in prison 
It's, not a game. I'Mma kill all the small talk 
Begin to open up New York cuz. I walk that walk 
With, a double edged. That'S qualified! To talk that talk, 
In the streets of New York, a triple O.G 
So, you know it's me terrorizing the street 
Bring it back to them old, hits cold turkey off that new bullshit 
What ya'll thought I would quit I'm the ace 
You must be crazier than a Barrel of cocky eyed, rattlesnakes 
Here's, for you, one back atcha to your face: 
 
All over the world, the grass grow green 
All over the world. Blue skies are seen 
All over the world. Are children too 
Who just want to laugh or be friends with you. 
All over the world will lead you soon. ... 
 
