Flawless Lyrics
by XEL.


Ay, tell me what you thinkin' that you know, sinkin' to the snow.
Drinkin' with the dro, ink is finna flow.
Speakin' of ink, cause I can scribe rhymes and that's cause I'm the.
Kingpin of the show, can't link 'em to the pole, but I'm outchea.
And I'mma do this for my people that ain't about fear.
Do this till the sun's gone, do this till the clouds clear.
Cause I'm a crook in the town streets, I'm cookin' the ground beef.

Mixin' the liquor with the skunk plus a lost way.
Got them kickers in my trunk make your block shake.
I got a switchblade and it sits up in the front while the cops wait.
You watch from a locked gate.
Spend my life wonderin' how there's more to have.
While I'm chillin' with my fam, they ride in California Ave.
Been try'na fix the system but it's out of order bad.
Can't even make a decent livin' without an ounce or more per bag.

Maybe you can wake me up, I don't.
Care anymore, wanna just fly home.
When I get up on the mic, you know it's rawness.
Put the pen to paper and tell my flow is flawless.

You see I wake up every day and wonder when it's gonna change.
See the fakers, yet they play but now it's winter come that reigns.
A hundred thousand in a public housing, let's cut 'em out then.
Climbin' 'em up the mountain till we kicked out and plummet down for.
Years, be gettin' to run around, when.
Is it gonna stop, ?? talents like we duckin' Falcons.
Breaking Bad like my son was ?Malcolm?
I need another Valium but my people want another album.
So how I'm... gonna do that is beyond me.
Move back, new jacks, plus you rap like a zombie.
They say Who's that? Who's that? That's that dude that's in Jumanji.
Calm up on the surface, try'na pursue rap as a quandary.
It's got me lookin' at these bottles like there ain't enough.
My brain is stuck, gimme that pallet from my gray life and I'll paint it up.
Picture perfect in the portrait, frame it up, pain is rough.
Cause it's that fishscale and you know your cane is cut.

Maybe you can wake me up, I don't.
Care anymore, wanna just fly home.
When I get up on the mic, you know it's rawness.
Put the pen to paper and tell my flow is flawless.

Yeah, it's flawless....
But I'm really sick of all this....

