Flaws Lyrics
by Zoetic.


My intentions with every female intellectual is purely sexual like erections.
The virus spreads by the infection.
Gassed up, got my head real big cause i'm movin' in the same direction.
High velocity suspension, like a prophet's resurrection but yet.
My only option now wow, is to move down towards the coffin.
Cause yes, i am so common, and although there's bombs i'm droppin'.
Really slow, just so you know, i spit them muthafuckas fast like bullets i'm.
choppin'.
Now mind you this artillery comes out of my jaws, because we all have flaws,.
all i have is these flows.
There's a beauty to the beasts, every thorn has its rose.
Haters line em up in rows, step up to 'em one by one just to settle the score.
I'll knock you down to the floor, you scream like never before!
I wanna let the blood flow and put you under the floorboards.
My god was that overboard, on the mic i get bored.
I'm using homophones you homo king me like a checkerboard.
Cause life is like a board game it's just to pass the time.
In reality the bigger picture's making that dime.
And turn it into a dollar, now you think you a baller.
So you stretch it into twenties to make ya money look taller.
You gotta go that much harder, and aim that much farther.
So just keep it one hunit until you get the proper honor that you think you.
deserve.
Now pay attention and learn, they won't miss you when you're gone until the.
day you return.
So when you pick a social circle pick the one that is neutral.
Feel that drug? that's what dilates ya pupils.
So you can open up ya eyes to the things that are truthful!
And as for love, listen close cause this part is crucial.
Love really isn't useful, if it isn't mutual.
We all have a dark past, that we're just tryna get past.
Some people live too fast and choose the shotgun blast.
I got people saying to me that my music won't last.
And others tellin' me i'm bound ta get signed, like a leg cast.
You can catch, that whip-ass now i'm snappin' that whiplash!
My lines pass, fast, like Flash, spazz, over ya head like gas!
So imma stop makin' mistakes and start grindin' gettin' this cake.
Keep lovin', hot as an oven, and i let that shit bake!

Because... We all have Flaws, some are big and some small.
Walk bare feet through life, sometimes you gotta crawl.
When you think you've seen it all, witness the final curtain call.
It's not about how high you climb it's about how far you fall, ya'll.

My intentions with every female intellectual is purely sexual like.
erections....
But yet... My only option now wow is to move down towards the coffin....

