Flick My Bic Lyrics
by Tyler Tracey.


Fuck rapping, I'm a professional baller 
Make, a milli off a track and blow every last dollar 
I'm, not a bartender, but I'm a fucking shot, caller 
Your bitch a groupie tonight and damn right I saw her 
Hoes on this dick. I rock a mic like Vick 
This bitch wan na ride, but she don't even drive. Stick 
She wan na show me a trick. Look No hands 
I, see her magic box when I disappear her pants 
Been rhyming, since I was just nine 
And. Now I'm killing rappers one beat at a time 
Speeding through this game. No stop sign 
Imma, take all your jewels and flash them like they mine, 
Snapbacks and zig zags 
Backpacks and black flags. 
Feeling gone off this ice: blue bong 
On, the green mile, no Tom Hanks 
Feeling fresh, like a Tic Tac 
Riding around wearing all black 
I'm fly like a sparrow call me Jack 
No, dick riders get off my nutsac 
Back to back to back hits people 
I'm a Player like a dog but never a beagle 
More like a pitbull without the shitty music 
Tear, you limb from limb. If you acting foolish 
NeoJock creates monster. Instrumentals 
I spit enough venom to depaint the walls, 
Bars so cold, your car stalls, 
Lines, so sick. Your doctor calls 
I'm a Lacrosse player and rap slayer. 
Hip-Hop is the city and I'm the fucking mayor, 
Fuck that I'm the President of this industry 
You're lucky. I don't dictate and have ya'll bow to me. 
It'S, the bottom of the inning and bases are loaded. 
They expect a homerun. The ceiling has opened, 
I got a hundred thousand fans all watching in the stands. 
Just hit the pitch bitch grand slam, 
Sports metaphors, so ya'll understand. 
Don'T want it to complicate your minds 
Listening to wack music, with weak lines, 
About fabricated crimes and whisper war cries 
This generation, don't know true. Rhyme skills 
Rappers will say anything to stack them. Benjamin bills, 
Pac would've murdered you all. If he could hear this 
If, he was alive, none of ya'll would have hits 
Then people wonder why albums don't sell 
Because. The real lyricists are either dead or in jail. 
The other ones like Nas and Em are trying to save rap 
But. They got ta market to these kids listening to crap 
So. Here we go kick this track 
Time to bring real rap back. 
I got ta, save this generation of rap fans. 
And put my team on the map. 
Jesus pieces. Aren'T what make a man 
Setting goals and pushing forward? Is the plan 
To success? Ya'Ll got ta understand, 
Being, the best doesn't just hop out of the pan. 
This is an art, so show some respect. 
Don'T just do it for the cheque, 
Look at yourself in the mirror and check 
Before you wind up in a wreck, 
I'm sick of all these fake ass bitches 
Only in this game for the money and the riches 
Ya'll motherfuckers ain't even worth to suck my dick 
So you pussy bitches can just flick. My bic
 
