Folks & Peoples Lyrics
by Viva Fidel.


Folks &amp; Peoples.
Grinding out here working hard trying to get them bucks.
Blowing weed smoke.
Tomorrow ain't promised so today we gone live it up.

PeaJae:.
I, been a player cool as central air.
Shit you hear, scent you smell.
Chocolate tai weed that we inhale.
You say ya mans hotter than me?
He must be in hell....
I don't wear no Bathing Apes just Timbs &amp; Shells.
I don't handcuff no hoe like she in jail.
Keep it P-I till I D-I.
Purse 1st ass last.
Keep the coochie to yaself, I rather have that cash.
Hard dick &amp; doublemint is all that you sluts'll get.
&amp; I ain't gotta buck the trick , came a long way from hustlin nicks.
And ya can't sell dope forever.
Drop my work up on the scale talking bout desperate measures.
You workin on this hell while we in search for heaven.
You ain't gaurneteed in cause you at church with the reverend.
Shit like this make me tilt my brim, pop my collars.
Brush my shoulders for lint, do it for them.

Folks &amp; Peoples.
Grinding out here working hard trying to get them bucks.
Blowing weed smoke.
Tomorrow ain't promised so today we gone live it up.

Vivafidel:.
On everything I love this life is like a drug.
Wake up down south in G Sound Studios.
Go to sleep thinking... where them 24 hours go?
In between time zones, traveling at the speed of thought.
I glide when I walk , I'm fly when I talk.
The Maker, The Owner.
If I don't got her I don't want her.
It's a great day breaking bread in the A.
Then its back on the road or jet to the airport.
Taste the fine living.
I lace divine rythmns.
Its Viva Fidel, I got yo back like a cape.
I'm like a ghetto super hero with the shit I create.
Erasing ya memory of every emcee thats fake.
They relate to my story and my rise to glory.
It's graffiti animated but it ain't no cartoon.
We embrace everybody but give us our room.
Yea it's always on so you gotta stay strong.
Thats why we make these songs!

Folks &amp; Peoples.
Grinding out here working hard trying to get them bucks.
Blowing weed smoke.
Tomorrow ain't promised so today we gone live it up.

