Foofaraw Lyrics
by Wordburglar.


Cuz is smooth. Like how after shavin' feels.
Takin' down more birds than Dave Winfield.
The Navy Seal on Blades of Steel.
famous for spiels.
From playlists to turntablists wheels.
Makin' fakers appeal at their saviours they kneel.
Deranged with the brain of Xavier.
but real.
And the flavour's like a plaste of some great tastin meal.
But laced with a faint taint for when plagiarists steal.
Savour the zeal you can't catch like crazy eels.
Cause their slippery. And their crazy eels.
On the real they say Get a major deal.
But they forgot - I am a major deal.
It's the Wordburglar preferred mirth inserter.
Leave you catatonic in a in a preserved fervor.
Just when you thought you couldn't get served further.
Make you feel soft like some kind of nerf pervert.

You gotta do yourself.
Cause if not, who's your draw?
If dudes got attittudes then like boobs.
Lose the bra.
Write it in italic, in bold, in Futura.
Wordburglar - my styles a whole FOOFARAW.

I stay dipped like a chip you forgot in some dip.
Hoppin with hip.
Choppin the spit.
Not in a whip.
Walkin with grits.
Rockin the mix Apocalypse.
Ridonculous talkin' with a Vodka Twist.
It's the optimus optimist holding an obelisk.
When it's obvious to put an omnibus on a disk.
Honestness should make the kids pay shit for it.
But they don't care, they just get it on Bit Torrent.
Like Rip Torn the kid's rips scorn.
More than a thick thorn.
Flipped more than a shitstorms.
Worth of legit quips born.
Every second, never detectin' the lessons you're gettin.
Hittin like Tekken so beckon what.
you reckon'll set in.
From Ovechkin to Mekaneck.
\- I got the epithet for wreckin.
sets.
When you second guess.
Or threat death.
Is all you get regrets and debts?
Heck yes.

You gotta do yourself.
Cause if not, who's your draw?
If dudes got attittudes then like boobs.
Lose the bra.
Write it in italic, in bold, in Futura.
Wordburglar - my styles a whole FOOFARAW.

This is the recipe for mentally messing with many enemies.
You better be ready to be disheveled by the reverie.
Eventually so spend your pennies sensibly.
And send for me.
Like 20th century sentries on a mezzanie.
Your friends agree I'm friendly and tend to be.
Plentifully equipped with modern day amenities.
In any event seventy centipedes couldn't mess with me.
Got it hot locked like a Venice Beach penitentiary.
Never went with a girl named genevieve.
But if your names genevieve and your hot message me.
Haha stop dib dib dob dob.
Real rappers are broke workin odd jobs and.
You're too cheap to buy their CD.
You come to their show and try to fly in for free.
Then hate all night with your screwface on.
Cause you're scared to have fun with a new face on, c'mon.

You gotta do yourself.
Cause if not, who's your draw?
If dudes got attittudes then like boobs.
Lose the bra.
Write it in italic, in bold, in Futura.
Wordburglar - my styles a whole FOOFARAW.

