For My Haters Lyrics
by Z-Mane.


This for the shatters in my room, 
All, the players in my room, 
I'll get my money. Aye 
I'll get my money: aye 
For, my haters in my room, 
Talking that shit Gon na get so blown 
That's on my money, 
That's on my money, 
 
Look throughout my life, haters came and they went 
Thinking that really phase me thinking that I'm a trip 
Man. I ain't worried about you niggas. Yes, I know you exist 
But. I ain't about to go and diss that ain't time well spent 
For 12 years. I'Ve been rapping and so many were doubting 
But back then I couldn't blame them. Mane cause. I was still sprouting. 
They use to laugh and make fun of me saying: Oh man, you ain't, nothing Z, 
But, now a days when I pick up the mic, all they can do is run from me. 
I'Ve never been the type to give up my dreams, 
So everyday, I'm a put in work by any and all means. 
Necessary I'll bring the heat and the flow cold ad February 
And. If they wan na hate, then let them hate, Z-Mane ain't, never scary, 
They say they hate, you cause, they ain't, you mane and I believe it 
And. I'M a keep doing my thing until I've finally succeeded. 
G.O.D.'S, the only man that I fear 
This is a message to my haters hope. You listen loud and clear: 
, 
Interlude, 
The, literary definition of a hater 
A derogatory term in reference to critics of a person or an object. 
I still see no reason for somebody to hate on you just because 
You're making it and they're not 
Maybe, it's just not their turn yet 
But. I guess the world never sees that. 
This is a message to you: haters ..., 
, 
I, remember back in the day. I use to stay up all night 
Have, my stereo blasting, trying to think of what to write 
I used to get so frustrated to the point where I just hate it 
Then. I thought to myself Look at how all these rappers made it 
They all went through the struggles they all went through the pain, 
They all went through the haters saying that they were lame 
Some of the made it others sold out just for the fame 
But. I promise you, I'm gon', be the hottest rapper in the game. 
They expect me to fall. They expect me to quit. 
They expect me to sell out, but please mane, I ain't having it 
So go ahead and have a fit giving up that ain't happening. 
I'M, headed to the top I'll see you niggas at the balcony. 
I hope you haters have been paying close attention. 
Cause this song is to let you know. Z-Mane is on a mission 
All your jealousy and envy just gon' make me even greater 
I'm a press. The send button this a message for my haters 
 
