Freaky Thang$ Lyrics
by Yung B from Farlin.


My notepad is my Android, no pen and paper I'm doing me.
Thinking 'bout my pretty young thang, In Dallas, TX off Abrams street.
I miss her, no laddie, I touch back down this afternoon.
I'm a gangsta, so in the bedroom we make movies.

And I be doing freaky thangs to you, freaky thangs to you.
Doing freaky thangs to you, don't you tell them squares ‘bout me.
Doing freaky thangs to you, freaky thangs to you.
Doing freaky thangs to you, don't you tell them squares ‘bout me.

Doing freaky thangs to you don't you tell nobody baby.
They gone be jealous than a mug mug.
Starting at the top and work my way down to the bottom baby.
They know I'm thugging like a mug mug.

Right or wrong, every night.
Give it to me , Like I like.
I ain't going no where, them other girls squares.
You got that fire they just got air.

We do thangs they don't do thangs, we go together like shoe strangs.
What's 2 Chainz without 2 chainz?, so proud 2 make you my boo thang.
Got a young player straight thinking 'bout marriage.
Fairy tale wedding with a horse and carriage.

And you want that, I'm a buy that.
And I ain't know, you deserve that.
Baby daddy, did you wrong.
Bet he wish he had you when he hear this song.

She scream my name like Mike Jones.
I beat it up like Bone bone.
Insecurities, so scarred.
Females she don't trust none.

I understand, but I'm still a man.
With my pimp juice and my gift of gab.
I turn heads on accident.
Birds of a feather so immaculate.

I'm taking trips, she believe in me.
No I in team, girl we winning.
She 26, I'm 24.
I'm exactly where she wanna be.

She cook me for me, she ride me.
And that just how that's supposed to be.
Writing love songs on my Android.
Making noise all up against the headboard.

Reminiscing, contemplating.
Tired of waiting.

And I be doing freaky thangs to you, freaky thangs to you.
Doing freaky thangs to you, don't you tell them squares ‘bout me.
Doing freaky thangs to you, freaky thangs to you.
Doing freaky thangs to you, don't you tell them squares ‘bout me.

Doing freaky thangs to you don't you tell nobody baby.
They gone be jealous than a mug mug.
Starting at the top and work my way down to the bottom baby.
They know I'm thugging like a mug mug.

I'm feeling good, I know I'm blessed.
Wanna know my story? Just look at my tats.
That one on my back Yung B from Farlin.
I bled that block like it was The Carter.

Had stacks on deck, I ain't lying 'bout that.
See that fucking snowman I was placing orders.
Taking orders, breaking it down.
Showing niggas luv er'time I came 'round.

I'm a trill ass nigga, muthafuck these hoes.
Trill young nigga with a mouth full of golds.
Soon as mufuckas start acting foolish.
Going beast mode on 'em and I hate to do it.

Got savage life going across my stomach.
Cause a normal life, I was like fuck it.
Off PCP, XTC, no sleep, and too many bottles.
I ran wit killas, and was dope dealing now I'm proud 2 say that I'm up in.
college.

My momma name, that's tatted on me.
She kept it trill, she should stood by me.
When the justice system tried to rail road me.
She was praying for me, she was there for me.

Real, and I know that.
That 1800 I pour that.
I never thought I see 21.
Can I please enjoy my moment.

They say conversation, rule the nation.
That's why I'm racing, back to them goodies.
That ugghh.

And I be doing freaky thangs to u, freaky thangs to you.
Doing freaky thangs to you, don't you tell them squares ‘bout me.
Doing freaky thangs to you, freaky thangs to you.
Doing freaky thangs to you, don't you tell them squares ‘bout me.

Doing freaky thangs to you don't you tell nobody baby.
They gone be jealous than a mug mug.
Starting at the top and work my way down to the bottom baby.
They know I'm thugging like a mug mug.

