Free Lyrics
by Voli.

Hey here we go now: it's Friday: oh yea, 
Call, your friends, let em know where we goin' 
 
Forget yesterday, baby 
I know today was hard life's driving. You crazy, 
Clear your mind. Let tonight be amazing: 
And you can be free, free, free, free, 
, 
Nouveau Classique. Not playing anymore 
We, some old athletes, man 
Still, driven like I own taxi, 
Long time, getting better like an old antique, 
But, still hatin ain't, nothing new man, 
The dinosaurs, probably hated on the humans, 
Get em, tear it up cheap, linen 
Voli got bars. These kids can't get in 
Now. Will the truth ever set me free 
Now? Will the man in the mirror ever? Let me be 
No telling missionary grind stay on top 
My position, every time, 
Honey so clean, but she litter all the time. 
When the junk hit the floor. I should hit her with a fine 
Suburb to the city. I'Mma shine, 
Feeling free, like a judge, acquit me of the crime 
 
Mmm. Yes, you are 
Had a hard day at work, go and hit that bar baby 
We can live. In the moment I freestyle life with a written diploma 
Survivin on superstar thoughts with a regular job 
Man. I swear, I'm getting outta here dead or alive, see 
And. If I die, I hope I have the decency to quit my job 
And rip. My tie off middle finger flip my bars off 
Told ya'll. I was gon na get my time off. 
My girl, probably gon na, be mad as hell like 
How. We gon na pay for this marriage now 
Well baby when I'm on I'll man up 
And, buy a ring so big, your finger'll cramp up 
But for now honey, let's toast to freedom, 
We'll be drinking all day. No coaster needed 
 
Check. It shout to the young, independent women 
Alumni tryna make a independent livin 
Folks savin up for the kids, tryna get em in a good school 
Anybody riding on a vision, 
Could, it ever be the same 
When we were kids. Those were the days 
So, don't worry baby. The past won't hurt you baby, 
Be, proud of yourself baby. You only stress over things. You can't control 
So. Why bother Make sense right, Voli, 
, 
