Free Spirited Lyrics
by Unorthodocks.

.
Yo I'm free spirited and open-minded.
Not your average Joe, cop o's no consignment.
Known for rhyming, no diamonds just blow minds and.
Weed sacks, make tracks stacked with dope lines and.
Hyperbole, verbally no one seeing me.
Disappear just to reappear as a deity.
You can be a G just appear as a gentleman.
Cuz flipping these Z's doesn't come with a dental plan.
.
Yo I'm free spritied and open-minded.
I've been waiting for an oprotunity, I hope I find it.
Dope sales declining, broke scale no clients.
Just as much in the stash only no one is buying.
I'm never high enough, got a brother trying stuff.
Like hash wax and dabs and bubbles I try to huff.
Only to slight side effects.
and every time I try and wreck.
A studio sesh I feel as if my whole night is wrecked.
Guess it's back to Xbox and Dreamcast.
Am I a child? I guess not, it seemed fast.
I swear that yesterday I was just a teen gassed.
Up on the fact he could kick rhymes and sling grass.
And I still do both just not as much now.
Sitting on fourth and goal, going for a touchdown.
But sometimes I get the feeling I'm Q.B. kneeling.
And at the age of eighteen I've already hit the ceiling.
Sitting on mad scripts but none of the shit's appealing.
And without rap my life's PlayStation and dope dealing.
Not really a career path.
but I don't want to hear that.
You don't fear the near future when you hear a brazier snap.
.
Yo I'm free spirited and absent minded.
Find me on eighty-fifth with a fifth of absinthe, blinded.
Rhyming to the pigeons swigging out of my bottle.
Paranoid at the mall, wigging out at the models.
All eyes are watching, I know I got to keep moving.
Keep progressing towards the plateau I've been pursuing.
My childhood's like a library book I've been renewing.
Told everyone back off, cuz I know what I'm doing.
I just hope that I'm right.
and god forbid that I'm wrong.
I just pray that one day I touch a kid with this song.
Cuz it's been a long time since I felt that way about rap.
Cats got more to say about rap then what they say in their raps.
.
We got local cats but ain't nobody playing their raps.
Maybe cuz all they talk about is how they stay in the trap.
I don't even know why I'm trying to put my state on the map.
They ain't trying to put me nowhere, give me any assist.
That's why I'm posted on the curb here on seventy-fifth.
Remy and spliff in a napsack, still kicking backpack rap.
First generation English, sixth gen pack-rat.
.
