Freeverse 2 Lyrics
by Unda Preshur.

I stepped in the cypher, with a weapon ready to wreck it.
The second I checked it Preshur was heckled by biters.
It's motherf*** ing session, Telling em you gotta step up.
Gonna get wrecked when you messing with the best of us wriers.

I'm not a f*** ing recruit, cause when you think about.
A nine to five and a stupid buttoned up suit.
Its nothing to boot, I don't need a nine millimeter heater.
Cause a syllable is something i'll shoot.

While I'm making a rhyme, taking it back to rap.
Wanted me to hurry up five and that's that.
Why you telling me it's something I can't get done.
Working word words baby I'm on my fifth one.

I'm a mixtape a year since i been in the game.
Venom and flame, never f*** ing been an eminem name.
Better then wayne? sick of working with a minimum wage.
Sick of the pain why you thinkig rap is never the same.

As it was once, like in 94'.
Matter fact in 94' motherf*** er I was in the height of war.
They call me mister mixtape, at the flick of my wrist.
I got my cd stickin like a pick in yah ribcage.

I'm equipped with a switch blade sick ways.
Sicker then this don't chu forget to consider this name.
I ain't wit a record company, woulda, coulda, shoulda.
But I didn't cause they didn't want none of me.

Remember back in the day when you making fun of me.
Picking on a mothef*** er lucky there was one of me.
If there were more of me, it would of been a different story.
And now it is cause now you f*** ing run to me.

My brains all rap, and it's napalm mapped.
Jabbawocke mask on with a baseball bat.
The games all wack, You can bank off that.
You don't think I'm dope time to bring the chainsaw back.

Now i'm sawing and hacking, Calling your father.
I'm like haw haw, and I'm laughing.
Every time I rap jaws drop and they gaspin.
Opposite of wack I'm at the top of the rap list.

Damage the wack, next batter to bat.
Never on the same level as me I handle the rap.
Put you on an anvil and smash.
Crime scene is looking like a crazy motherf*** in savage attacked.

You having nightmares and you having panic attacks.
Pop a xanax relax, I ain't average or wack.
I gotta go be one of the best motherf*** ers round here.
Spitting Canada rap.

So you poppin that xanax? Don't you know I'm a problem?
About to hop off planet? Did you stop and you panic?
I gotta be fit and I gotta rip it and I spit I gotta stay hard.

This ain't a gimic cause I live it and I play smart.
I ain't gonna die cause ima dig up out of my grave yard.
I got a chained heart, Matter fact I got a brave heart.
That's been stepped on, A nobody can save heart.

A nobody can break heart, Think about my babe heart.
An everyday type of pain and ache heart.
Only for a day heart, I'm a human Don't you tell me.
What I got at least I don't got a fake heart.

I was broken she crushed me, Every morning when I wake up.
I could only hope that she loved me, she was like.
Nope cause you ugly, She was too beautiful, I'm on my lonesome.
I must be.

A sucka for love, A sucka for loving you.
Giving you enough of everything enough of my trust.
The big bad wolf about to huff and then puff.
Enough of your love because it's something that be f*** ing me up.

