Freshmatic Lyrics
by Zinn.


As I stare in the mirror. I see my own enemy 
Reflecting back in my eyes. They showcase my energy 
Pen. In my hand, writing letters to penitentiaries 
Locked down they've been trying to hold us back for centuries 
But. I pick up the torch, so I can carry on 
Carry it on for the ones who are dead and gone 
With. This mic in my hand, I feel, like I'm Genghis Khan 
Rappers, hear me and say, But can we all just get along 
They're, just Rodney without the king? You know I do it. T.I 
No crown on my head, but I still do it B.I.G 
And payback is my mentality, 
So step up and it's R.I.P 
And, I'm zipping them up. 
Tomorrow'S, never guaranteed, so we're living it up. 
And. If these walls could talk, they would say a lot 
Like how Zinn murders, rappers and his beats are hot 
 
Everybody wants to floss 
But. Don'T nobody really want to die up on the cross? 
They crucify, artists. If they speak about the truth, 
No regrets it's half-time. When I'm speaking in the booth, 
 
I wake up with dark visions, in my mind, 
Lighting candles along the way and I'm still on the grind, 
Counting money and paper chasing, but never on decline. 
Hoping that my words are enough to illuminate the blind 
See, I'm hungrier than any rapper in the top ten 
Of the past ten years and I'm deadly like a MAC-10 
And, I'm not planning to stop 
Until. I slaughter every rapper, a top of the mountain top 
My heart is black but there's hope within 
My mother's, proud of me, but I know the pain she's in 
Never brought her grandchildren cause. I'M focused on the dream: 
Burying my nightmares cause, I'm on a winning team. 
And we're taking home the ring 
But. I know the joy to a life that a smile can bring 
Now. I think back on the sacrifices made. 
But there's no kill switch once my rhymes engage. 
 
Uncle Sam's have your tongue. Now they aim for your eyes. 
A stable full of pale horses all in disguise, 
But, you're, afraid of truth, afraid to speak, 
Afraid of hail and snow and rain and sleet 
Afraid of consequences. Afraid of heat, 
While Im on a motel balcony, overlooking the street 
We're not cut from the same cloth. You'Re woven too thin 
Real artists never sacrifice who they are to fit in .
 
