Friday Nights Lyrics
by 4th Pyramid.

I don't do them dances for what it's really worth.
I'm on the dance floor fingers up the mini skirt.
Bent off the Grigio me and my amigo.
Is known to fuck every night wherever we go.
It's Friday night and I'm new to the city.
Brought a pocket full of 50's and my crew to get busy.

Flashes from the Nikon turn the mic on.
Snake charmer make her wiggle on the python.
Do these numbers groupies love us.
Than it's back to smoke in Jacuzzi bubbles.
Sly grin on my face and I do mean trouble.
Order up another round and we do need doubles.

Cigars crack while I sport a jean blazer.
Rolling up the grass she like Josephine Baker.
Sparkle in the night park it on the right.
Tip the valet then get lost up in the hype.
We smoke loud and burn those widows.
Sitting on the VIP couch with turquoise pillows.

All access fuck who the band is.
Take chances fuck who your man is.
Do that shot smoke that pot.
Shake that ass oh that's hot.
Ride the highway with views of the city.
Back to my place you're doing it with me.

Catch me from the Copacabana to Caribana.
Or rolling on a bus out with Ghost in Atlanta.
Room 2512 at the Embassy Suites.
And when you in the lobby girl.
Make sure you mention it's me.
Head across the elevators make the right turn in.
Storied life celebrated like I'm Iceberg Slim.

Tan sweaters butter pecan leathers.
Starlets unbuttoning their dresses.
Friday night why waste life.
Same bad decisions made and my mind ain't right.
I'm…still the best spill my Becks.
See nothing but the silhouette until the next.

Cork wedges red carpet entrance.
Sticky floors wiping sweat off the lenses.
Last call fights for cabs in the street.
Picking up the tab shit there goes like half of the week.
Yea we puff pass on up past dawn.
And you all you remember next morning how you love that song.

All access fuck who the band is.
Take chances fuck who your man is.
Do that shot smoke that pot.
Shake that ass oh that's hot.
Ride the highway with views of the city.
Back to my place you're doing it with me.

