Fright Night (feat. Busta Rhymes & Swizz Beatz) Lyrics
by Ruff Ryders.


Attention, please attention please 
Can. I have everybody's attention. Please 
So humorous. We laugh at all. Ay'All 
The alliance has now been officially formed: 
Ruff Ryder Flipmode 2000. It'S now official baby 
It's, another headbanger 
 
Swizz Beatz, who hits on your streets every six weeks, 
I be on the MP so much that my wrist's weak, 
Ain't shit, sweet pile'em in here 
All, my thugs in the clubs start wildin' in here. 
Now put your bottles in the air, then light your dutches, 
Me and Busta. Keep it tight like liposucion 
Niggas that don't like me, get the knife for frontin' 
Cause one night in the club gets your life on crutches. 
You got that whodie I'll cock that forty 
Flyin' in the 5, with the top back on it 
Stop that shorty. I know you love me 
Probably sample. One of my beats then, owe me money 
Plus, you don't know me money, so stop the rumors 
Before. You need the janitors to come, mop the room up, 
Ryde or Die Volume. Two smash the charts. 
Now put your hands in the air for the black Mozart. Oh 
, 
 Now come on. 
 Jump baby come on 
Get your hands up. Now. All my ladies. Do it 
Get your hands up, 
Now? Let me walk you through it. 
 Now come on 
 Jump baby come on 
Get your hands up. Now, all my ladies. Do it 
Get your hands up? 
Now, let me walk you through it. 
 
Y'all niggas try to front I'll, send my crew on a hunt, 
Bunch of scheming, ass, niggas, smoking, gats and blunts 
Busta Rhymes Flipmode represent 
For, the Ruff Ryder and my nigga Swizz 
And. We gon na be here to present 
Y'all niggas with some other shit to bang in the street. 
And block the f**k out, bang the f**kin' floor with your feet: 
Before we bang y'all niggas all with the heat 
Feed y'all niggas, more gutters, like a mutherf**kin'. All you can eat 
And, make you bounce how poncho will play the congo 
And bang on the bongo free to bounce on the bongo 
From New York to Colorado, so just follow 
I'm living for today and livin' tomorrow. 
Open up your mouth, I got somethin' big for you to swallow. 
Blow you through the chest with a hollow 
Like, the foul shit you waste and transpired right, infront, the impalo 
Yo, the general Busta Busta shock and memorable 
You know we precious like minerals and deadly. Like burials 
, 
Listen, Flipmode and Ruff Ryders, bang out hits 
S-W-I two Z's bang out clips 
Bang out chicks for fun. We bang out whips 
Y'all, go to war with revolvers that bang out flicks 
Now find me on two-fifth in the summer when it starts 
And iced up nice cut new pair of Jordans 
Thinkin' of extortin nigga, your life ain't, important 
Your camp hotter than ours, the f**k Y'All snortin', 
My thugs, bang out bricks, swing, mix, throw dem grams, 
Hash smokers, hopin' more and out of soda cans. 
 Whoa, listen man 
Mindin'. My business will make you a missin' man 
See the wrist and hand got plaques on the wall, 
And a fifth in hand. I'Ll put your back on the wall. 
Nigga! Don'T ask me no more about nuttin', you hear 
Just scream and shout and just wild in here 
 
New York. They ain't ready for it. 
A-T-L they ain't ready for it 
Oh! Oh, Oh! They ain't ready for it. 
Whoa! Oh, Oh, they ain't ready for it. 
My ladies 
Millenium 
Guns bustin' plenty of them. Y'All hear that
 
