From Another Mother Lyrics
by Tyler Tracey.


Remember being toddlers? Going to our first concerts?
Now we grown but still close like cops and robbers.
Remember when you moved away? We were both kids but I cried that day.
I still remember getting that phone call, couldn't think of what to say.
Remember listening to How Come? Said that it would never be us.
Guess that it was true because you're the person I most trust.
Because when everyone else left you were still ride to the death.
And when I hurt you and you forgave me, I'll never forget that and I feel.
blessed.
My parents are like yours and your Dad is my Dad.
You were there for me at my Grad and we were both there when we made my Mom mad.
I'll never forget when Best Day Ever came out, we blared that shit so loud.
Now we rocking to all our own music and damn, man, I couldn't be more proud.
You've been my brother since four years old.
You've been by my side everywhere I rolled.
So no matter how man units my albums sold.
We'll still be the fools worth more than gold.
So roll up the weed, my brother.
You the homie from another mother.
Lets get ripped and kick back.
And reminisce on this track.

Families all you got so theres no slowing down.
We rised up to take this town, there's no limits, just the sound.
We're hustling for the top, we're never gonna stop.
We're passing dogs who like to hound, we came out from the underground.
Our mission is legit and our intentions are legitimate.
We're here now so you gotta flip.
Making deals, planning trips, paying with poker chips.
While these kids are working over time for shit.
Hold on to your one vision, that'll put you on your mission.
While Ty's in the kitchen, he's got no recognition.
Thinking back when we had no mission.
Think back when your friends laughed and joked.
They said It's all about the money.
But that was all a joke.
Now we just sit back and blow all your smoke.
Pass out, hit another smoke.

I remember the day you told me that you had your rap name.
You said Imma be Vision and I said Legit? and there were our names.
I remember bringing some of my lyrics over to your crib.
You got drunk as fuck and spilt beer all over them but I didn't trip.
They weren't that good anyway, just gibberish shitty word play.
But then you wrote some bars in that book and I thought I'd take a look.
They were about me and it was crazy to believe.
I always knew you were my brother but damn, that shit got to me.
Now we grinding and working on our own mixtape.
Rapping and watching the years as our lives take shape.
We working nine to fives so we haven't gotten a release date.
But when this album drops damn, it's gonna be great.
Vision &amp; Legit, legends on the come up.
This world is full of winnings and we gonna get out cut.
This our debut but we staying right here.
V For Victory, the world better prepare.

