Fuckin Wit a Psycho Lyrics
by X-Raided.


This'll be the day that I die.
Lettin the nigga bleed cause I shot a fuckin hole in his eye.
That nigga brain pissed blood just because of my 9.
Sayin, Please don't let me die.
I let the muthafucka die.
The others cry and beg for their souls.
I killed 50 people now I'm diggin 50 holes.
One got away, Number 49 is runnin.
He fell a few times, boom-boom, I kept comin.
You can run but you can't escape.
And if you wanna know more, Yo.

I had a vision of a murder.
X-Raided sitting in a house with a 9 in my hand and a joint in my mouth.
Straight fucking with that Cisco, it got me noid.
I never should've started fucking with that 40.
Now sprung out, stuck on the killa tip.
Trippin like a motherfucker, but now I'm through with it.
Got on the phone said Amigo I'm on my way.
My bitch is tripping, I need a place to stay.
She's talking to me like I got no brain.
Cause of that sisqo, or cuz I'm insane.
Brotha Lynch's been through the same thing though.
But X-raided can't be tripping over no ho.

So I got my 9 I was stressing.
Threw on my Loccs and hat and kept them guessing.
Went outside a house there was a dead bitch.
That what she gets from marrying a lunatic.
I'm on that killa spree shooting at night.
Niggas dying cuz me and my bitch had a fight.
I know its fucked up but fool that's the price ya paying.
Niggas fading my bitch is too when i'm spraying.
See I dont give a fuck about shit.
Even if ya know me I smoke ya and let you be a.
Show me that you're a lunatic like show and ya might live when ya fuckin wit.
A psycho.

Dont fuck with a crazy Motherfucker.
Dont fuck with a.
Dont fuck with a b----.

I did a walkby and the attitude I have is.
Fuck everybody if they ain't from the garden.
Little voices in my head got me doing dirt.
The evidence of the murder painted on my shirt.
Is it the sisqo that's fucking up my head?
Ain't it crunchy for the thirst of a nigga dead.
Was my bitch right, am I crazy?
Or am I thinking the worlds trying to fake me?
The only answer that I know is to kill a chump.
Watching his ass bleed the pellets of a riot pump.
I got 2 homies meg0 and Brotha Lynch.
They know I'm crazy but they just didn't get convinced.
Yeah, now watch me kill this motherfucker.
I cracked his spine, take two limbs like a tootsie roll sucker.
I moved my pedals when I saw his body drop.
His neck was broke and his spinal cord was popped.
I can't be stopped , I got to take that fools life.
I'm outta bullets so fuck it, I use my knife.
Who's next to die don't know nobody no bitch stare.
No telling when you're fucking with a psycho.

I'm looking for a slida - some jack the ripper shit.
So I take a bitch and stick a fat knife in her clit, watch her twist.
My dicks turn to stone.
Cause I love to hear a motherfucker scream in a scare tone.
And then it's on, I'm digging in the dead bitch.
She can't feel it but I gives a fuck I like the shit.
I hear sirens, that's all I need to know.
The cops is on their way, it's time for me to go.
I hit a ?? and was headed for the house shot.
On deuce 4 street the cops had a roadblock.
'What the fucks next?' is what I'm thinking.
I'm butt-naked and my plot is straight sinking.
I grabbed the bitch who was standing on the corner.
You scream or hollah and I smoke ya, I warn her..
I put the knife to her throat and yelled out.
Clear the street or this bitch's gon' get another mouth..
The cops is like Right yeah, let the lady go..
I said Hell no, I kill this bitch and that's on the fo'..
I had the bitch by her throat wouldn't let her go.
She gotta die cause they're fucking with a psycho.

Now I'm in a fuckedup spot but I got a cool plot.
That I'mma use, and I'mma kill the ho if they refuse.
To let me go cause nigga I know what's up.
If I cut the bitches throat then I'm fucked.
The cops don't care about blowing a top of me.
Cause I be delaying they coffee and donuts so.
I thought about my plot I'mma kill the ho.
Based on the fact I put it on the motherfucking fo.
Cop listen ya better drop ya weapon and do shit.
Either that or I'm gonna let the bitch have it.
The cops is like 'go ahead kill the trick'.
Probably cause the girl was a black bitch.
I said okay and put the knife to her throat.
I took a swing and then headed towards jumpo.
They started blasting and blasting at me.
About 20 shots, they never hit a nigga G.
I was running low, trying not to get popped.
Got chased by hundred white cops.
I got shot then I dropped like c-lo.
Just another day, in the life of a psycho.

