Fuck Ruste Juxx Lyrics
by Ruste Juxx.


Yeah.
Alight, third- third take is the charm.

Yo, from start to finish I diminish.
The way I break a record put me in the book of Guinness.
Smoking on spinach, knowing no limits.
Rappers now-a-days whole style be gimmick.
But I'm so roy-al, you could call me e-lite.
All I do is win nigga, never face de-feat.
On another flat tote, got a low rat flow.
Niggas heard a BOMBNA, thought I let my gat blow.
Then they heard  loud in the background.
Brooklyn the Queens Bay area and back down.
So swift, glide like wings on a eagle.
Used to sell them hard white things to my people.
Now I rock arenas, sold out stadiums.
Pockets so thick, I can carry two ATM's.
Spectacular, simply marvelous.
Indestructible nigga, who you know hard as this?

I heard a nigga say:.
Fuck Ruste Juxx, that nigga ain't shit.
That nigga ain't shit, that nigga ain't shit.
I heard a bitch say:.
Fuck Ruste Juxx, that nigga ain't shit.
That nigga ain't shit, that nigga name fit.

Back to the subject. All I do is wreck shop.
You could get your leg, arm, chest, and your neck shot.
Call me Robert Downey, because I pack that iron, man.
When I let off bullets them bodies going to be flyin', man.
I'll be on my bullshit, diarrhea, feces.
Too constipated, welfare free cheese.
Flow so incredible, Bruce Banner style though.
BaDa DaDa Dow! While off your smile.
Old rat beef generator, ill style innovator.
Acid on tracks, great beat disintegrator.
Million dollar dreamin', billion dollar schemin'.
About to make it because I got a trillion dollar team in.
Take money money is the motherfucking motto.
Your head's like a baseball glove catching hollows.
That's real talk, make no mistake about it.
Killer cartel, ain't nothing fake about it.

Yo, bust a move while I crush the groove.
Billy D's slick nigga, but I'm just as smooth.
Word to mother, I black out and merc some shit.
I got your bitch so I don't need to jerk my dick.
I got a plan on my mind, hand on my nine.
Did a doctor mention you about the man on his grind?
Super duper dope rolled in a vanilla.
Beast unleashed because I used to dwell in the cellar.
World is bombed, Ruste Juxx dropped rock on.
From Kingston Ave. with my hot block on.
Spectacular, simply marvelous.
Indestructible, who you know hard as this?

