Fuck Fame
by Zoltan Nebula.


Fuck Fame, I'm playin' video games, 
Fuck fame, I'm playin' video games, 
You can have your rented car and your fake chains 
Fuck it all. I just wan na play for days, 
 
I'll blow a hole through the wall, fuck the door 
Surprise, I'm playin', Battlefield, 4. 
And. All the ones before never really keepin' score 
Get on the headset and call your fat mom, a whore 
 
Stop lying man, you're, not a big boss, 
You're only Jason Brody, mother fucker, I'm Vaas 
Yeah, I might of died, but I fucked your whole life up. 
I'Ll! Be laughin', my ass off when you cut your future wife up 
Or like Pagan, Min dressin', all fresh 
Be, nothing but nice to you right up to your death, 
 
Lyrical Etzio, with flow like Altair 
Hard as Kennway. I can do this all year, 
Fuck with me. I'Ll drop you right down to your knees, 
With the hidden blade from Assassins Creed. 
And. Don'T worry about trying to get some payback 
Cause I'll, leave your body rottin' in a haystack, 
 
Man. I hope you capture this with an elgato 

Yeah. You might have a lot of money to spend 
But I beat GTA 5 100 % 
While. You were cookin' all up on that Teflon 
I was busy running a 5 real mile marathon 
That's word to my people at Epsilon, 
KIFFLOM, KIFFLOM, KIFFLOM, 
 
Step. To me I'll hit you with a quick scope, 
Or go commando and leave you with a slit throat 
Or. I could just spam you with a couple noob tubes, 
That's word to my dudes playin' Modern Warfare: 2 
You might have swagger and a nice steez 
But, I'm a fully legit. Ninth prestige, 
My titles and emblems - are all legit. 
I'Ve got 790 of them so suck my dick 
While, you claim to put dudes out of their mainframe 
I put in over 32 days of gameplay 
With over 9000 kills 8000 deaths. 
I'M good. With these guns, like Jesse James in the West, 
Yo shout outs to Seananners and Faze 
Grizz, Machinima and OnlyUseMeBlade 
Can't forget Hutch and Whiteboy7thst 
I'll playing games, even in my 70's 
 
But for the record. All bragging aside, 
I made this song for my nerds worldwide 
Tell them fuck off when they say get a life 
Throw your keyboard at their head and knock em off their bike. 
Man you've got a life, it's just different. 
Some spend it in the gym. Others cookin' in the kitchen, 
Yours isn't worth less cause. You play a few games, 
Your worth isn't measured by the dragons you slay 
When. They laugh at you. If you wan na make a statement. 
Just run up in their house like LEEROY JENKINS, 
But, don't kill them. Just go in a trip them out, 
Get a smile on your face and then whip your dick out 
So. With that being said, you can stay inside 
Play games for days just do it with pride, 
Hands up hands up nahhh put'em down 
On, that controller and burn the town to the ground; 
Hands up, hands up nahhh put'em down 
On that keyboard and burn the fucking town. Down
 
