Functioning Lyrics
by Two-9.


Black denim I'm in Ksubis nigga I
don't shop at Saks, 
No grams, when I'm shopping nigga. All I need is packs. 
Pussy, ass, rappers tryna run off with the swag 
Claiming they La Flame, but we know it's all an act, 
 
Made, a mill with Mike WiLL why you think I signed a line 
Came through nigga, and I bet you do a line 
Had a whole team with Her man and all them hoes fine, 
Passed em, all around bruh cause none of them mine, 
Real life like Drugs, Inc 
Took a little bit, so I can't think 
Take a little bit of that Easy E 
J, Dilla nigga mix it up with N-Sync 
Then. You got your boy Danco 
Bad, bitches, nigga, whole lot of bank rolls 
My nigga hold a nigga, no fatal 
Ask, your main bitch nigga bout, the name ho 
Leather jacket and the 8 ball 
Might sniff the whole plate might OD 
All. My old heads scared for me, but my whole city know me 
LSD in this blunt, I'm tripping 
Whiskey. All in this cup, I'm sipping 
Playing around with her nose. She sniffing 
Tell, the shit A1 cause she still dripping: 
 
Black denim, I'm in Ksubis nigga. I don't shop at Saks, 
No grams, when I'm shopping nigga. All I need is packs. 
Pussy, ass, rappers tryna run off with the swag 
Claiming. They was Sremm, but we know it's all: an act: 
 
I'm, a functioning member of society, 
I'm, a functioning member of society, 
I'm, a functioning member of society, 
I'm, a functioning member of society, 
 
I, don't love you! I just love your anatomy. 
Imma take over just watch my fucking strategy. 
I'M, a functioning member of society 
I make some good decisions, blame it on the weed 
So many blunts. I should prolly pass em round. 
Pass them blunts around pass them blunts around 
So many bitches. I can't help but turn em down, 
Pass that ho around pass that ho around 
Had the to tell the valet ay bruh, don't scuff my shit 
Watch the way you park my shit. This is not your mama's shit 
Bought. This girl, a promise ring - I usually wouldn't do that shit 
Damn Jim, why you do that shit Cause she gon tell her friend. I got some new
bitches 
It's the weekend Imma bust, a few bitches 
I'm, a young nigga. I might love a few strippers 
Took an Adderall. I got pay-per-view vision 
Had to break her heart. I don't really do kisses. 
 
