Game Owe Me Lyrics
by Yung God.


Another day another bitch yesterday is old news.
I don't follow niggas, and I don't follow rules.
Your whole career paralyzed you ain't makin' moves.
Fuck you and your goons, I done paid my dues.
The game owe me, The game owe me.
Y'all against the Ocean Gang that's a killing spree.
I got enough swag for the fucking century.
The game owe me, The game owe me.

I ain't gotta  my potential is unlimited.
Put me in the guiness break a record for the hell of it.
You against the god, boy your cleary out your element.
Nick-name is  but they could never fuck with this.
Ball so hard nigga, i could bring the Knicks back.
AK-47 split his head like a Kit-Kat.
Flexin' like a 6 pack, Flexin' like Hulk-Hogan.
Get money fuck bitches nigga that's my life slogan.
Niggas throwin' gang signs, really that ain't hood to me.
The game been good to me, I'm everything you couldn't be.
Stuntin' like a MLB , Player bitch you little league.
Hotter than the Devil's house, I mean that shit literally.

Broke niggas crippled when it come to the hustle.
Pretty niggas running shit, flexing with no muscle.
I'ont need no muscle, money i be lifting.
Yung god came from a whole nother' dimension.
Bitch get on my seat level, you ain't on my altitude.
Fuck with me i fucks with you, the game is filled with hella fools.
See me on on a pedestal, walking on that water, son.
Nigga all i know is green,  tereon.
Army guns aiming at yo' cranium.
Aiming at yo' noggin' bitch.
Goon to goblin with some goblins to this ocean shit.
Put her in a trance, hocus-pocus shit.
Freestyle sound like I wrote this shit.
The game owe me about a hundred licks, a hundred hoes.
Chevy sittin' on 24's, I unlocked.
the game i got the g-code.
The blunts roll, Ocean Gang.
God, I'm not a rapper I'm a model with a microphone.

Interlude: Yung God.
Niggaaaaa, the game owe me nigga, to put my soul into this shit.
Five hundred thousand, 2 million, 3 million.
Give me that shit, give me any bitch i want.
Nigga the game owe me, Ocean Gang a ground something.
Ocean Gang a titanic bitch.

