Gangland Lyrics
by The Underachievers.


Stuff a 2'2 in my shoe 
My niggas out here, never lack 
Watching hulu with your bitch with me. She kick back and relax 
I smoke weed. She do the smack 
Ronny J produced the track. 
Nigga. All about my karma 
You do action. We react. 
I bet these niggas pussy tell them watch they mouth 
I, send them niggas to your crib, like fuck, your couch, 
These, bitches fucking, for the fame and for the clout 
That's. Why we steady stacking like we in the drought 
I-N-D-I-G-O set We to jungle, fuck the feds 
Take your shot and try your best. We aim at headsya, fuck yo vests 
Texas hold'em by the neck. We don't lose now place your bets 
Fuck you fools and fuck yourselves. 
We break rules, don't follow steps 
I get my niggas, they gone. Let them know 
Don't test the bros 
Niggas paper. Looking minimal, we getting more 
Niggas talk like they gone see me, though they layin low 
Bet that nigga let that semi go now hit the flow 
GODAMN. 
These niggas shooting in my city, 
 Got ta. Keep that thang up in me. 
Even cops is fucking with it. Godamn 
I keep a couple. Bitches wit me 
I, don't hang around wit niggas 
Unless they getting money. Wit me 
Yeah. We started from the back 
Now. We tour around the map 
Pull up on a nigga Bet. He gone get left right where he at 
Now, it's 350 a sack, 
I blow weed til. I collapse 
Every night. I say I quit 
But. Every morning I relapse 
 
Blue handkerchief nigga, Gangland 
All. My niggas know its gang bang 
AK. He be on the same thing. 
Took some psychedelics know my brain changed 
Young Rebellin money on my melon shit. We never managed now they see it 
Panties when we see them 
in designer every season, 
Smoking on the finest bad bitches ride them all year. 
Feel, like perfect timing, homie get enlightened cause the truth inside you, aww
yeah 
No, new friends, just investors 
Had to lose lose. The stress bring the pressure 
But im the fucking best, my confession: 
When, the nine sprays hold it sideways. 
Showing no face can't arrest us 
So theres no case had to change ways: 
Find the lightwaves like tesla 
Throw, the pen down like a wrestler 
I collect the cheese mozzarella 
The scripture says I'm illa 
Your frequencies, fucked nigga 
 
I hit she screaming falcetto 
AK. She love in the middle 
Only way you niggas trap
is, the Mental 
Boy you local and my game
continental 
Told you once we don't play that my nigga 
Pay you twice. We put a grave on that nigga 
Crypt reserver got your name on it 
Swerving and took her brain up off. Her
 
