Gangsta Lyrics
by Purple City.

You wrapped around me you wrapped around me
Now, I done told y'all niggas in two-thou-four we ain't the niggas to fuck with
And. I done told y'all niggas. If you fuckin' with the Dips, then you pressin'
your luck, B
I'm a pop, the trunk and then cock the pump and do lots of jumpin'
We. Don'T ever leave them chromes at home
Y'all, niggas, better leave them boys, alone

Jim Jones
There's parts of Uptown that we call Purple City
Holler at Shiest from the circle to the piffy
Wrist. Look good worth about fifty
Whip look good worth a buck-sixty
Shit goes fast about a buck-sixty
Life goes fast. If you blink, you might miss me
And fuck, a glass. If I drink it, ain't tipsy
It's more, like pissy standin' on a couch tryin' order, more Crissy
You order, more drippy
Hammer, bulgin' out hope. The Lord! Don'T frisk! Me
I still get it in guns on the waist
Blew about ten grand. When I come in the place
Now, it's all in them, ones
All just for fun
See, the bitches be players. So we roar like the Suns
I'm addicted to the lifestyle
Blowin' weed piffin' G riding on the night route

G-A-N-G-S-T-A
The. First, we spit the rest. We spray
Y'all ain't built for this thing. We after
We, bang and clap ya sting ya, whack ya

Shiest Bub
Yeah, it's Shiest Bub, the Emperor
Go uptown to Broadway tell'em that I sent ya
Bullet from the 40 will flip ya
Nigga. We sporty look at shorty she'll. All the way from pictures
I showed ya, told ya, niggas that I'm a clap, ya
I'll fold ya, told ya niggas, I'm not a rapper
Heavy on the wrist-wear. I know what ya heard man
Shit on my arm run. Ya'Bout thirty grand
It take a lot to get me high
Half a P of 33 a whole P of 65
I put a price tag. Eleven on your dome
Move weight, like I ain't, never goin', home
I'm, a Purple City, boss, n ya, dig
Fuckin'. With this money, I'm a send y'all to Big
And understand I'm the world of this piffin'
Comin' through the city with the spoilers and the system

Max B
On One-O-Six and pop up
Hoppin' out the chopper fresh outta lockup
I'm'bout to be up
Start handcuffin', your hoes
I'm, the type to leave your baby mamma Knocked up
I keep the baby lama cocked up
Max'll out ya
Shoot shit up out, ya
Young boss. I could either recruit you or scalp ya
Snake me and I'll make a pair of boots up out ya
He what the game need. He so hungry
Got it down packed and he don't even need to be punchy
He's cozy. He don't need to be comfy
Wrap. Crow-Bars around your heads, like scrungies
They, got an APB on your boy
And. I got the grade D-E in the choy
In, the stashbox low in the holster
Hit, the switch gon na hop out like Brenda n, the toaster you's, a snitch
 
