Gather Round Lyrics
by Two-9.


Gather Round.
Gather Round.

Lightskin Mac 11.
Kids sit down for this fuckin' lesson.
My money won't fold under peer pressure.
If your homie doin' time, nigga send a letter.
Put money on his books so he know better.
Hey, just the Lightskin Mac 11.
I think I'm Mike Vick with the pits.
But I treat my dogs like my fuckin' family.
Made a couple mil' with the 9 fam.
RIP to Rose and my Uncle Champ.
With my back against the wall I'm the people's champ.
Hey, I got stripes, no Mills Lanes, switchin' both lanes.
White bitch, green eyes, money ain't a thang.
R-roll up four blunts, tell her fill it up with pain.
Blow away the stress, how a nigga stay sane.
I just hope when you look down at me.
You feel the same 'bout me, hey.
When you look down at me.
You feel the same 'bout me.

Bathing Ape under leather jackets.
Nothin' less than a gram.
Bitch you know I pack it.
8 ball and some filthy fanta.
Probably hangin' with some niggas that you can't handle.
Might OD if I don't stop.
You couldn't last one day in this red box.
I just took my life and put it on a dope beat.
Ask about 'em in the city, bet they know me.
Danco in this bitch rollin' up an OZ.
No key, push to start and bitch we roll deep.
? need a check.
So we grindin' all day, what the fuck you expect.

So many battlefield scars.
We're drippin in plush cars.
We mobbin' and never stoppin' til they say the world is ours.
My ambition as a ridah, must I remind ya?
Gold teeth in his mouth in designer.
No sleep cost a fee just to sign them.
And you checking right, on the east you can find 'em.
Eh eh, I was on the road.
Doin' shows, blowin' Os by the K, K.
Like a agreements, and I swear they never seen it.
Niggas wil' out when I'm screamin'.
Salute me bitch, I'm great.
We took it state to state.
Now all my 9's straight.
And I'm talkin' to the ones that I bang wit'.
Hit the road and make change wit'.
And not them other niggas, who just lane switch.
Now they wanna claim shit, cause its money in our language.
Cause its money in our language, language.

Ah! Kumbaya, kumbaya.
Tell me its do or die.
You know I do enough and so don't that I do alot.
You know I'm true enough, ? I.
blew it up.
If you ain't from here, then who is you to.
Know that we keep it notch.
Wait - let me slow it down some.
Lookin' for some real niggas, then you found some.
Lookin' for a great nigga, well you found one.
Pound one, recognize a real nigga when you round some.
Pussy, like a tampon.
Know that I'm ballin' nigga, and one.
And the watch got karats nigga, Anwar.
And you niggas all see through, ant farms.
Know I'm a genius, man I know that you see it.
If you got issues, then prove it.
But if you isn't then beat it.
Ya'll are all vegetarian, don't know what the beef is.
You got problem, let see 'em.
If you doesn't, then beat it.
?

Cause if you know me, know I'm all about the gang ho.
Two-9 what I bang, yo.
And nothin' that you ever say or do about the shit I say or do.
Will never change, ho, lames tho.
Always comin' at me 'bout some thangs tho'.
But I'll never stop until I parallel that Range Rov'.
Never cared about no fuckin' fame, ho.
Cause all these thirsty bitches want is the fruit of my looms.
Get out my Hanes ho.
I'm just sayin', I'm sayin'.
I feel like this day out and day in.
No I do not want to date.
And you fakin' them lines you throw at me like Peyton.
Some say I'm ?, I do not feel like waitin'.
This pain in the picture I'm paintin'.
These facts that I'm statin', the game that I came in.
You can't ever change it, it's tainted.
Ain't it, ain't it, boy, ain't it.

