Get Mine Lyrics
by Yung Redd.


Yeah I'ma get mine, 
You know that I'ma get mine. 
You know that I'ma get mine. 
You know that I'ma get mine, 
 
Now get your's partna I'ma get mine. 
It was a long time coming. No mistakes, this time 
And. I know you can't name one nigga. Like me, 
Loved by many no respect for the police, 
 
Yung Redd 
Naw. This ain't pretend I'm back at it again. 
Tell your friends to change. I got money to spend 
Ay. My grandaddy grandaddy was a hustler 
So this year. It'S grand hustle, 
You mo'fuckers, understand struggle, move on the block with the same shuffle 
Like. I ain't noticed that them hoes had a thang for us. 
I got a watch for every country every time zone 
Even in the dark. You see my stones through a blindfold 
Nigga. Please ery'body work a d block, 
Or weed spot 7-1-3. You think that we not 
Even when somebody call the laws or the streets hot 
I'm. Just saying, though, I'm back when they leave out 
Texas raised. I was born for this 
For the bread hardships get torn for this 
Listen as the plot thickens get this Glock, I'm gripping 
Leave red on your blue, like a Detroit Piston, nigga, 
, 
Yung, Redd, 
These, niggas ain't real. Let me make this clear: 
We them niggas. You fear round here 
These niggas ain't, real, that's the way that I feel 
Check. The price of my deal check the size of my wheels. 
 
Lil' Ron, 
Any situation, paper, making's a must 
I get paid cause, I'm slanging that white stuff 
You niggas ain't like us. I could show you what I mean: 
Between, the niggas in your squad. You couldn't move a thing 
My mind on money, ain't shit, funny 
You, one of them lames out, would like to serve a dummy and think nothing of it. 
I give in no observation because my occupation 
Is to run the operation with no cooperation, 
From a snake or a snitch 
I, would advise you to quit. Thinking for your bitch 
Can't get no cash. If ya sitting on your ass 
And, you wondering why niggas always blow right past 
Take a lot of mind and muscle 
No broke at stacks. That'S why I grind and hustle 
I'm focused on my stacks me and Yung Redd. We, the next in line 
I, don't know what you doing, but partna I'm get mine, 
, 
Yung, Redd, 
Every song that I sing 
I still got a dollar for every stone in my chain. Let me explain: 
Three hundred dollar shoes no suits included, 
See them 22's. Sliding! No roof, I lose it. 
Ay real talk, partna, this ain't, music, 
It ain't, no secret, I'm the hardest in Houston, 
So, far so good so star, so hood, 
Yeah them haters gon hate, but if they could, they would good 
Get mine, no rules apply 
My wrist lit like the sky on the 4Th of July 
I'm a menace to society, a boy in the hood 
Chrome shoes under every color toy in the hood, nigga 
 
