Get Away Lyrics
by Yung Ro.


Sometimes you get away huh uh-huh 
We up in this bitch, my nigga Head, 
Yung, Ro, Rizzo, dig these blues 
 
Yung Ro 
I can write forever bout. My pain till my pen run to ink about it, 
I'm a sinner dear Lord. If I ain't doing it, I'm thinking bout it 
Surrounded by killers, voulters and devious, guys 
So. I spend most of my time looking in my baby's eyes, 
Searching for a longer hobby cause these drugs ain't, no doing it 
Use to have a grasp on reality. Now these drugs done ruined it 
I can't a-fford a loss, I'm paranoid and strapped 
Bad blood with my connects got me watching my back 
And. I know I'm doing wrong, so I'm destined to be punished. 
This mob life got me stressing to my people. One hundred 
I can't see it another way to survive in these streets 
Searching for answers. Looking for love and praying for peeps 
I got ta because I'm dying at home, 
High in the zone just me and my thoughts, crying alone, 
Thinking naw. I can't I wish I could 
Everybody up to no good nobody's real in the hood. 
I got ta and find another place to rest at 
A strong foundation somewhere. I can make a nest at 
 and the answer is no 
Nigga. Nobody with nothing. I got nowhere to go. 
I got ta dear Father. Show me a path 
Because. This road I made myself I'm garunteed to crash 
My nigga X-O is all I need 
Taking flight with my oranges, while puffing on weed 
Trying to still trying to get out that do'. 
But turning the knob the wrong way and I don't even much know 
 man. I wish I could answer that. 
I got problems and the back of the book ain't, where the answers at 
I'm trying to got physical, spiritual and mental pain 
Trying to get away. But it's hard when your enemy's, your brain 
, my nigga, I got ta, get it 
And. I expect a small plate, and on top of that I got ta split. It 
 Got ta get away to get me. Some cash 
I need it fast. I got ta mash, praying hope it. Last 
, I'm just trying to keep my head up 
And a pistol from my head, but a young nigga fed up 
 
 from all this pressure and pain. 
Dear Lord show me a way for me to smile again. 
 got me searching for that light. 
Grinding working after night got me hurting it. Ain'T right, 
, 
Yung, Ro 
I got ta, but that ain't the main issue 
It's easy to run my question's, where I'm gon get to 
 too many questions. I can't make out 
Now. I'M trying to escape from what I, though, was an escape route. 
 I tried running, tried, walking 
Use to stay to myself this year. I even tried talking 
Asking and in return I got nothing naw 
Someone answered, but never understood the question how to .
 They say. I'M crazy on some mo' shit, 
I talk to God a lot, I'm one deep on some Ro shit, 
 g'eah whatever that is 
Don't, know why I remember how, but I'm stuck with what it did: 
 so nigga what it do. 
Peep my mind. Ninety percent of my thoughts is fuck. You 
So back-back, move from round me. 
I ain't friendly, dude Ro, don't speak kindly 
 matter fact far away 
And. You can take it from this song or realize the hard way .
 I ain't asking no mo' 
I'm blasting a fo' and that's for anyone who pass through that do'. 
 kick rocks, bitch beat it. 
The offer was thoughtful, but your presence isn't needed. 
 nigga leave me alone 
Cause. I don't need you coming around just to leave me alone 
, I'm alright. By myself, 
I fight by myself alone, sleep at night by myself, 
So get the fuck away from me, 
I'm a nobody nigga, and I ride one deep 
 
Just. Let it run I'm cool. 
You know I use to be just like you, you 
So far, innocence love, passion, 
And, a need for serenity, preaching for a change. 
Until things change like some'ing else, got into me 
Like when I gained something I lose something 
Something, so precious so essential, 
A foundation, a base started in my heart: 
And, spread it to my mental and from that 
Led to my situation, or should I say situations that I'M in 
Addicted to pain, drama dope, temporary pleasure, 
A living hell drowning in sin; 
This fast life ain't for me, but I never accomplished nothing 
From crying, but it's so hard to fake a smile on the outside 
When on the inside. You really dying 
Ain't! No escaping this life and honestly 
I couldn't picture life without this 
This pain. Shit me without pain is like a scientist without his question 
What. If but what if I did grow up like you, 
Across that other side of the fence, where the grass is green, 
And life is more predictable and the unfolded mathematics 
Actually make sense. Maybe I could have been something worth speaking of 
If. I only had a chance to - or maybe I did - 
And just was a kid unable to see. So I just ran to 
An easy way out a shortcut, a quick route 
Running for that oasis and realized 
I was actually moving backwards further into that drought, 
Man ha that made nothing but excuses. What I think 
Life is cursing me, like God, like 
I, deserve more Father. Please mercy me 
Naw. I need to take care of bidness 
Quit, letting temptation win and the Devil use me as his puppet 
I hear him laughing. While I'm walking on crutches 
Man corrupts everything he touches, 
Got me scared to drop a seed. Knowing that I'm destined to be punished, 
Question is, will God punish me 
Or? Will it come along with the birth of my child 
From, a cursed stomach, hmm man. I don't know 
All I know is I'm tired and I think I'm at the end of this road 
And the question we all ask what happens after this 
Nobody knows
 
