Get With YouI'd Rather Be With You Lyrics
by Questionmark Asylum.


You can be the cherry on top of my caramel ice cream.
You can be the fantasies inside of my electric dreams.
I'll lick you from head down to your toes and nibble 'tween your thighs.
There's more than 12 ways babe, so don't be surprised.

You're all of thee above, sweet love I gots to give it to ya.
When you come my way 300 degrees is my temperature.
With your body dressed that makes you look so sassy.
I break my neck every time you walk past me.
You're the type that looks hard to get.
But when the Mistafiss starts, yo I'll never quit.
Guys watch you like a movie, ow wee.
Yeah, I'm a believer of the power of the booty.
Your soul glow that I love so.
And your caramel skin plus your sexy short hair like Toni Braxton.
You lick your lips as if they're really ashy.
Winking your eyes to let me know you're thinking of passing me.
Just the presence of you makes my nature rise.
You got me thinking naughty naughty cause I'm hypnotized.
You don't beat around the bush, you know what you want.
And when it's time to get into me you don't front.

Ayo yo baby.
Can you be my lady?
Cause I see that you're so smooth you're like butter.
Well I'm the freak of nature.
The womanizer.
Lick you from your head to your thighs and make you realize.
That baby love ain't shit.
Do thank you I make you deal with it.

So can you talk to me.
Or maybe walk with me.
Cause I'm that smooth macadocious brother from D.C.
I see you freaking.
No need for the sneaking.
I need you for the weekend.
I'm in the mood for freaking.
So what do you say?
In your lingerie or can we dip to my pad and maybe get busy?
Your body's lovely.
All of thee above, I mean cutie on duty.
Therefore I had to meet the booty babe.

What? Nah, so don't front. Let me tell ya now.

I wanna get with you, yeah.
Cause I'd rather be with you, oooh.
I wanna get with you, yeah.
Cause I'd rather be with you.

How dare you think you ? while I be standing here.
Ros ready to mack up in this dipped out gear.
So y'all can nibble up on the rhyme.
Menage a trois ? my dear.
See Swann is the futon mattress king.
Ready to funk up your bunk beds and boxer springs.
I nibble upon the bums that's rare.
Ros be running game as if I was pro gear.
I'll even tap the ? from back.
Word 'em up, baby bubba so how you gonna act?

Girl talking.
Nigga please. Get a car, a life, a job, something.

