Get Out Lyrics
by World's Fair.


Do ya'll niggas bust ya'll guns.
Nigga you know who you fucking with?
Got a thang thang with an extra clip.
Run the same game, got an extra bitch.
Now my chain hang, same chain.
Running trains on your main game.
This ain't for play play.
She came through and she came came.
Come again? You don't see the kind of niggas that I'm runnin' with.
You don't see them gold chain and the gold frame.
Gold ring cold cocaine that she up against.
Six niggas that'll die for this.
Six niggas that are just too high for this.
Six niggas with the mac-10 back click-clack boom bow motherfuckers gonna try.
for this.
Now tell me something.
Which one of ya'll niggas need to tell me somethin'?
Cause ya'll motherfuckers can't tell me shit.
Where were you when I was in the cell this summer?
Man fuck that.
Word to me ain't going back.
Free my nigga Sizzle let your nuts hang and hold your sack.
I'm trying to get this money cause it's all I see in front of me.
I'm lettin' out this here because these hoes be loving me.
And these niggas wanna fuck with that real shit.
I know real bloods, I know real crips.
Know bad hoes who will strip.
I got mad hoes on the real strip.
Making mad dough for a real pimp.
I'm hillside till the teeth chip.
And I'm still on that Queens shit.

You see these fucking chains?
Yeah they hang x2.
Bass up in the truck.
Yeah it bangs x2.
When I step up off the stage.
I do my thing x2.
So who the fuck are you to talk, nigga? x4.
Get your crew and squad up.
World's Fair what up.

This sound triumphant.
Got me feeling like I fucking made it.
Know they stay high from the fuzzy purple, outer space shit.
???
We making noise in our city, of course we 'bout it 'bout it.
Bitches wanna crowd around us.
Cause we rowdy rowdy ?
Face down, ass up she hitting high notes like Mariah.
Roll my weed up after, to go do as I desire.
Hit the streets, looking cozy but all my shit's designer.
With a model bitch, she fine as hell, high as hell she love the ganja.
She love the ganja.
Got one row for my wallet.

UNFINISHED.

