Get Out The Way Lyrics
by WordPlay T.JAY.


Yeah yeah yeah yeah 
 
Born immaculate, like midichlorians 
It's, been a while, since I put my foot in Delorean, 
I use the force to stretch the sound like an accordion 
And, all the while I am senior valedictorian 
Tryna juggle the struggle while staying optimistic flow, apocalyptic 
Slow. The clock is ticking. I can stop resistance with all the good I'm giving 
And I'm here to tell the people what they need to know. 
I put the groove into the record: let the needle go 
 
If! I can see it, then I let it go. 
The life, I'm living nothing shorter than a miracle, 
I see the light. My past was darker than a spiritual 
And. If you tell me, no that means that I ain't hearing you 
I, see it coming get out the way 
I see it coming, get out the way. 
I see it coming get out the way 
And. If you on that negative, then get out my face: 
 
Soon, I'm about to hit you on your tv screens, 
Conan O'Brien and Jimmy Fallon to hit the scene 
Round it up with Cobert and the rest. This is dope in the flesh. 
I'Ve been pushing every day, homie. Dare me to flex 
I got muscle like a mollusk watch me reign and no umbrellas 
On The Map, and they can't tell us that we never hit the top 
No bejewel and no embellish. I'M a pickle like in relish 
It, don't matter if we sell it, we gone dish, it til, we drop 
Not a flop until we say it that success is overrated. 
I am never green with envy, so I'll never get it. Jaded. 
See me talking with Charlamange. Next to Angela Yee 

2010 MTV Sway just got me on my feet: 
Now, the rest is up to me to get it popping in the streets 
1 by 1 collectiong fans just to give them all the heat 
Until I'm living on the beach hit the sand. Like a sheik 
 
Check, I'm going to war in a galaxy far far away 
I'm a star - it's not fair to make me stay. 
I can never be replaced, not my soul or my essence. 
Quick to drop a message like a 1000 UPS's 
I'm, the bottom to the top from the biz and the session 
Will. He ever make it up. I can answer. Ain't, no question. 
Cause. My fans stick beside. They stay keeping me alive. 
Humble ain't! No lying! I don't! Even need the pride 
Get, my stride chew it up and I'm always on the cusp 
Now, I'm tipping off the edge. Then I drop and I feel the rush 
I can't help it. When I felt it, I just let the spirit go. 
I can't focus on their movement and keep hoping mine's will grow. 
All of this awakens, I can bring about new hope, 
Use. My talent, I've been given just to try and help you cope 
And my dream to heal the world. I can never let it go 
And. The truth, I'm terrified, I ain't scared to let you know 
 
