Get Into It With A Nigger Lyrics
by U.N.L.V..


Get into it with a nigga, gotta tote my gun.
Get into it with a nigga, gotta tote my gun.
Get into it with a nigga, gotta tote my gun.
Get into it with a nigga, gotta tote my gun.

Bad situations is all a player found.
I'm bout to let my nuts hang and close down my ground.
I got beaucoup weed,.
with a brand new fucking lighter.
I got so damned loaded that I was on Street Fighter.
Ay, who got the fire? is what a chump said.
I got the Glock from my side and Tec-9 is still spraying.

If I get into with a nigga, I use my hands, a switchblade.
Or I throw a grenade.
I gotta watch my back, that's why I'm packing the gat.
And if you play me I'mma split your fucking hat to the back.
D.O.A. is what they label you.
There's no need to save you.
Family's hustling hard, so they can bury you.

Interlude 1: Tec-9.
I say niggadaniggadanigga, unh.
Nig, nigga.
Nig, nig, nig, nigga.
Niggadaniggadanigga, unh.
Nig, nigga.
Nig, nig, nig, nigga.
Don't come on my set with that bullshit.
I got my Glock, got it cocked, watch 'em drop.
Don't come on my set with that bullshit.
I got my Glock, got it cocked, watch'em drop.

Well I was headed through the Mac, the Melph, and the Calio.
I cross Claiborne and.
then I creep through the rathole.
Stopped at the store for a forty of some Crazy Horse.
You ask the question, Am I gonna get drunk? -- of course.
Jump in my ride, I was headed towards Josephine.
Blue Girbauds, white.
interior, and I'm looking clean.
Pictured a nigga pushing rocks at my front dash.
So I got the Tec-9 and pumped a cap in his ass.

I was chilling on Forbes when a nigga tried to play me.
Had to get gatted up to show him I ain't faking.
I ran back, I ran back, I ran back around the corner.
Now all was on my mind was that this nigga was a goner.
I looked to my right, who could it be?
It was my nigga Lil Ya he down with U-N-L-V.

Well I was headed down Dryades, made a turn on Sixth Street.
Dived on Baronne and then.
a nigga tried to play me.
Get out your car because I gotta have your Trues and Vogues.
Looked at him stupid then I punched him in his fucking nose.
Got in my car, booted up my hoes, had to shine.
I made the block and then I'm banging with my fucking nine.

I was walking down the street to go and score a bag of weed.
When a nigga upped on me and said Give it up, G.
I ain't giving up nathin', I ain't running out.
If you're gonna kill me you better do it now.
So had the gat because I'm packing, ain't no motherfucking jacking.
There is gonna be a killing cause you're fucking with a villain.

Now, once upon a time I got into it with a nigga.
Nigga tried to test my nuts to see if I would pull the trigger.
But I'm a fool from the Third, you see.
Like a nigga on top scoring a hundred thousand ki's.
Want to be the fucking man with the heart of a lion.
If you go to the pen you gon' be fucked from behind.
We could take it to the streets, we could go, we could scrap.
If you wanna take it further, bitch, go and get your gat.
I'm from the fucking Third, you should never play me out.
Handle that toe to toe, like in a twelve round bout.
A whole fucking nation repping cause they got a gun.
But I'm a nigga with a heart and I'mma get the job done.

If my boys get into it with a nigga, come and get me.
I bring the Glock or the two twenty-three.
Pop, pop, niggas drop, there ain't no stopping me.
I'm booting niggas up and I'm shooting automatically.
Lil Ya, my nigga Yella, Tec-9, and D ya see.
Keeping the guns toted with U-N-L-V.

Interlude 2: U.N.L.V.):.
Don't come on my set with that bullshit.
I got my Glock, got it cocked, watch 'em drop.
Don't come on my set with that bullshit.
I got my Glock, got it cocked, watch 'em drop.

