Gettin low as fuck with three dolphins 3gs an steve hawkins Lyrics
by ZManic.

Go retarded on ahh ho, like an autistic kid smoke, an get low. An you know: the
biscuit hid pull up an hit ya lid, I fucks wit, no kids cuz. I gots ahh hit list
an shit haha. That was just ahh. Kid send drones to ya home im Obama. I miss the
kids only difference my llama touches, my wrist tahh grip. You, a bitch, ass
hittin children, wit missles, bitch, im poor, an your rich, yet that door to my
20's in mids money won't mean shit. Cuz no nigga will be grumy wit. My kids
talkin that shit, this world's out wit targets that hit receive no remorse I
roll it. I spark it. I hit an. I need now, no more with no smoke Im. Not me, can't
function won't, listen! I roll smoke. Im cocky will not be ahh Christian myself
my religion. This world she's my bitch, an im shovin my fist in fuck, all them
bros dissin talk shit, an ill, listen, fuck up your condition: young bulls on some
dumb shit, talkin, an walkin as if they on some drum shit, long clip spill. Clips
Bong hits an thrill trips as if you all tough, some of ya cool but ya, bitches
all bluff. I love my bros love. My fam shout out, keep it all tucked niggas creep
wit, dumb luck, count it leaches enough to suck all yall blood im, tryna stay
real, yet theese niggas is mud. Dirt, an jus bull, shit, runnin, the mouth pump, to
the mouth reach, the brains, an leave, em all out im insane ahh believer ahh
doubt, never listen! Jus envision! Those higher in position, droppin towers, scarin
christians, bunch, ahh, liars, an bitches war is red for the blood. Yet green seems
to reach to theese liars up above wan na call them niggas thugs. Yet you the
ones placin bugs bitch, please they sellin dubs tryna grub cuz. This system
isn't with em it jus whips em if they lippin, acknowledges the pain within yet
kicks em, while they limpin. So now they rob the system dump the clip. An im 40
sippin hit the spot, pull the hot. If the shorty trippin pull the pot bong
rippin so im truely, trippin, lil, nigga, now, im, surely dippin. I like cheese, an
nike ease.. If i sight jeez., i light jeez., i cough an i sneeze, while i puff on
my cheese. green cheese, green crack, ayy kay. cherry pie, 8k on top one rack, jus
a tip.. Yet i drop one stack rims 26 wit the shits iraq. bitches wan na lip like
i slack.. Come talk, shit to my track., one hit seein black no nigga, but i clap.
as soon as i burn straps. lean back an spray macs, i spit facts, wit trey laps.
of iron, while im firing so stay back.. Well, it seems money is control.. Dead
Presidents, the role. of a nigga lose his soul.. Then he rob you from ahh hole.
At the end. I see no purpose. We just failed as we begun. Another stupid, fuckin
creature didn't know what we had done to come into. This fuckin show of
weakness. We have run see as me, im done chill pull the fuckin dutch ain't no
rush for dyin ain't, no loss of touch my vision, an my mind, is the god I trust
while grippin on the iron, while it fuckin rust out here in the rain smiling
while I bust for Crust an get the bread stay true to your vocabulary. Before
These niggas get ahh clue of all the trash ya. Burry stickin, like some glue to
you, that past you carry bitches, you had em, but the game that bitch that you
had to marry keeps you locked in ahh room with all that shit that ya carry im
thinkin ahh gats, that vary iphone. Main shit trap with the blackyberry. I guess
ima dumb fuckin kid cuz, I idolize thugs cuz the thugs up above get none ahh, my
love fuck. The system takes guns, an runs drugs through doctors, yet nugs ain't
proper to love fuck, all the buzz im higher than fuck kill. Niggas, like myers
dumb luck, an some plyers buck shots for torture, an murder leave snitches an
lyers tahh rot.. I paint wit ya blood, the portrait, the burner carves out in the
mud, the one nigga high off the bud other nigga wit, the wire an slug. I give
this fire ahh tug bitch, you ahh scrub. Trust me nigga, im higher above This
world is as simple as love. Learn it an know it my nigga, we all get along but
see its bout that paper niggas wantin pussy, they don't ask before they take
her. In other words, fucked up people, an their makers like jesus, he, the savior
bitch fuck that shit. You know its fake come an suck. This dick, like its
flavored wit this dro. I bake papers an listen to these politicians. I used to
never, give ahh fuck, but now shit jus be in my visions like niggas runnin, no
gun police, never missin the spot, where the badge is mark where the bitch is
RIP to the youngins lost out there flippin. I never lived it jus mentally visit
through lines when ya spit shit
 
