Gifted Lyrics
by Xc.


Lately I been just gettin like 4 hours of sleep eating just once a day, 
Guess thats kinda ironic. So much shit is on my plate. 
Damn it I'm gone. You can tell em I'm on my way, 
Said that I'm gone, and why would I wan na stay? 
When, nothing is here for me and thats been clear to me: 
But naw, I ain't, shocked and ain't. None of this weird to me, 
I, told em its our time they ain't taking this year from me. 
And I get upset when bitch niggas say they ain't hear from me, 
Cause thats. What hoes do don't you got a phone too 
I'm into taking fast steps. I never been social 
Its crazy, how niggas think they can head to where I'm headed 
But. They ain't never got ta go thru the shit. I go thru 
So! Where was u, when I was getting my life together, 
Staying up late nights? Getting my writing better 
Oh! I remember you was chasing them same hoes 
Still tryna convince me that your night was better 
 
I sent the message. I'M guessing you didn't get it 
Care less about the present when ya gifted 
Just. Listen, I told em. I want my credit. The told me you couldn't spend it 
So get ya money and pay attention. 
And, look at the shit I'm making not at the shit. I'M missing 
Not worried bout. The present cause, I'm gifted 
Just, listen. I did it because I love it never for recognition. 
More about all the followers less about all the mentions, I swear 
 
Yeah, I'm gone, you can go and tell em, I'm outta here, 
I'm still on top of it all like some outerwear 
These niggas infatuated with being thousandaires 
I'm tryna get a million just give me About a year 
I'm headed to the top, and they can watch me there 
Start taking the right steps, then niggas got ta stare 
And, they tell me I work to hard for what 
Man them. Niggas ain't working hard enough. 
I'M writing everyday run back and forth from the booth 
And. I still get to see my kids lil more than they mothers do. 
I tell em the World. Is yours its whatever you wan na do 
Tryna search for success shit. I got so much to lose 
And. These haters watching my fucking steps, 
Tryna see if I'm traveling guess they wan na ref 
We just wan na ball. I swear to God. We wan na ball 
Putting in overtime, while dodging a sudden death, 
 
And. I promise I'm more gifted 
Than a 3 year old cancer patient with 4 wishes. 
Who just went thru chemo and might not make it and had 54 visits. 
With some rich grandparents just hours before christmas, 
And alot of niggas was dissing man 
But. I let it slide. I be the bigger man 
Now, I'm the president you'd swore that a nigga ran 
I'm sprinting my way, thru life. I got expensive plans 
Whats up Himes. They know whats up 
Thats, why I show em up everytime, I'm showing up 
I'm running shit now and I'm feeling like Peyton Manning 
But. They ain't want me on the team. They'D rather go with luck: 
I try'd, to tell em its Big Business, 
They told me abort the mission nigga you just kidding. 
I said that I ain't need no plan B, but they didn't listen. 
Later I'mma show em, I'm the heir. Now I'm just venting 
 
