Girlfriend Lyrics
by Queen Pen.


Queen Pen Me'shell Ndegeocello play for me, c'mon talk to me 
Me'shell. Anyone know it never ceases to amaze me how everbody's always in 
Somebody else's buisness. Looking for something but'cha know 
For what it's worth. We could give a fuck 
 
Me'shell Girlfriend girlfriend. Yes, i had your girlfriend 
Queen Pen, If that was your girlfriend. If that was your girlfriend 
If that 
Was your girlfriend, she wasn't last night, 
 
Now how you just gon', be playa hatin' on me. 
Coz i got mad bitches. Just wanting me 
And. I got mad niggas, just checkin' for me, see 
I got more stock than you ever see. I be ... 
The, one that your main squeeze been diggin 
Pull, you out your closet, sex on weekends, 
It's, my buisness of what i do him or her. He or she inside you 
So, while you be yappin' and talkin to your friends, 
Beefin'bout that yellow chicken, the green benz 
I'll be havin'. All your people's info with the second part of my 
She slid the number what you gettin mad at me for 
She, said she was single when she closed my car door, 
 
Me'shell. So queen tell me: where did you meet her 
 
Queen Pen On the sunday mac she was walking out? 
I was just chillin mindin, my own business 
Sittin on the corner waitin for my sister 
When. She slid by maybe 4 or 5 times. 
Wanted me to notice the rythm of her thighs 
Oh boy, uh girls are just so funny to me. 
I can see how niggas get into these beefs 
She knew she had a man when she came up in the piece. 
She said she was a regular and how about me 
If she gave me her digits. Would i call her after three 
The way she fliked her hips made you move to have to see 
How these chinese jamaican tried to draw it by me. 
It never ceases to amaze me 
 
Me'shell Ain't. Nobody got ta know just how much you want me: 
 
Now, how i've ran you've only a few 
But. You can back track and ask them how i do it, how it is 
Who the flyest chick with the phattest whip 
And run her all night like a burger with a chip 
And. If it's all good, then i feature it again: 
Like a fix, remix 
See, you gots to be real. Like my ex beverly 
You, don't have your man just stressin out on me 
Coz. He can't control how you throw your pussy 
I'm a baller, and i been for a 
And. If i choose to jerk her off, then it's all on me 
See. You claimed that was your girl. Well, that's not how it seems 
Uh. It never ceases to amaze me 
 
Me'shell Coz i like to get down. So if you's wants ta, i will 
I love to love ya', baby 
 
