Give props Lyrics
by Punsy.


I love hip, hop, give props this, isn't a game
Homie just stop it's not really in your veins
You exist as a disgrace. Just to get some pay
It's like you're spitting in the face of the image of the greats
This, isn't just a phase man I live. This everyday
You were getting in the way now, I'm sitting in your place
I'm gifted in a way to what I've written on the page
Is. So deep. It'S like you've transcended into space
Is, so clean. It'S like you've, been swimming in a lake
Is, so sweet. It'S like you've just bit into a cake
And. This is just a taste of my lyrical display
If. I gave you any more you'd go mental or insane
All. The ignorant restraints would go missing in your brain
And, like equivalent exchange. All your images will change
From you listening to Wayne to listening to Dre
It's like inception. Minus crazy women and the trains
This is just a shame. Rap is different. Today
All, I'm hearing now is ignorance. How is this getting played
Every? Lyricists is plain. What they're spittin' is. The same
Rap has perished. It'S apparent now. They'Re pissing on the grave
Makes me clinically deranged cuz, I'm in a different lane
I wan na hit em in the face till they're limping with a cane
My mission, isn't changed: rapping sick. Until my name
Isn't Mentioned in the same frickin' sentence as you lames

 .... I feel the effort that I'm Giving is a waste
Just want respect for all the messages I'm Mixing to this tape
Don't wan na hear about your chain. You should slit into your veins
Just, So When you pass away., You won't be Getting in the gates
A warrior on tracks. I'Ll leave Any beat slain
Don't stand in my way or I'll make pure Calamity rain
Man. Is he sane? Every line is Damaging brains
 ..., Spitting ridiculous, lyrics till all Sanity, breaks
Your raps are pitiful. Your entire family's shamed
You're that despicable heard Better rhymes from danity kane
I Guarantee pain cuz. I will fight for everything
And. You will never see me stop like Final fantasy games
I'm killing. This session watch me rip it to segments
Every. Tenth of a second is, like september, eleventh
Don't enter my presence. If you're not getting the message
I'll, give you a present my hand in a fist where your head is
You're just a peasant a modern day, intergrader
A follower bitter hater, a model of imitator
I'll. Stop you from getting paper I'll, incinerate, ya
Add a bit of flavor, then I'll place ya. On my plate for dinner, player
I'll chow down like a vicious gator
Put, the rest in my refrigerator, so I can finish: later
Amazing writing form with the pens and papers
Shock value like lightning storms and defribulators.
 
