Give It Up Lyrics
by WordPlay T.JAY.


How you gone make them stand if you never had the luck.
And how you gone make them bands if they never gave a fuck.
How you gone wave them hands if they never show you love.
Easy and I'm glad you asked me, cause I never give it up.

I'd like to thank God for the talent.
As I stack it up so many cards that I balance.
Instead of me giving up yards I'm a challenge.
I'm a Push T and so far no malice.
These bars I average.
Sitting here way above the bars you gather.
Giving all the tool just to carve this pattern.
Put it mind that's all that matters these walls I shatter.
And winter's coming soon my dude.
I don't see another year where we could lose my dude.
Get ya dreams out on these fools my dude.
Cause you're the only one you got to prove it to.
You ain't bout your shit then I can't move with you.
And when we talking about needles I moved a few.
I'm tryna get a mill I can't afford to move.
I'm writing all these lines I can't lose the booth.

It's only but a matter of time.
And my value's going up when I'm harder to find.
Rather be myself because I'm smart and defined.
Treat it like clay I'm getting harder with time.
I'm just an artist with mine I'm ringing off like a chime.
Just to keep it real don't lose your heart and your spine.
Cause everything you want you can put it in line.
Even if you don't believe look for God in the signs.

Now they ain't taking me under.
I done came this far with my hunger.
Ain't no stealing my thunder.
So let them wonder.
Now they ain't taking me under.
I done came this far with my hunger.
Ain't no stealing my thunder.
So let them wonder.

Aww Damn now I'm bout to win in this bitch.
Cause I'm coming for the folks that pretend to be rich.
I been up on the map watchin' energy switch.
And when you start to get it watch your enemies flip.
Now they wanna be yo friends.
And now they wanna act like kin.
And now they wanna make amends.
They flock when you get them end's.
Now I'm done being bitter and I'm on to bigger pictures.
And it's no small talk getting on to bigger business.
I'm building on the map and moving on to bigger benches.
And I'm stuck doing me I ain't dealing with the censes.
Everything I write I'm hittin' multiple dimensions.
Riding on a new wave and you looking at the tempest.
Say they want to win but they looking kinda skiddish.
Call me 10 years later when I'm starin' at the finish and I'm out.

Now they ain't takin' me under.
I done came this far with my hunger ain't no stealing my thunder.
So let them wonder.
Now they ain't taking me under.
I done came this far with my hunger.
Ain't no stealing my thunder.
So let them wonder.

Aight.

