Globe Robbers
by TyC // 95 KiD.


I swear I love her like a summer breeze.
Search the hunger, - I chased you for a hundred weeks.
We share treats, was intrigued to even go get cheated.
But You, my Bella, are the reason I believe it.
Love, we don't need it, we dream of achieving.
Something so beautiful, in our eyes.
It is usually a blues - for the money.
Used to be funny when the federales roll up.
Remember when you shot that head, and almost made me throw up?
Know what? This whole situtation is similiar.
A couple robbing the bank, finger prints familiar.
In the interior, Yelling; „Yo Hurry up, Ophelia!“.
Plan is: Dissappear without a trace - living it like.
It's a - Cinema material Life - live the illegal side.
Of a modern, urban version of „Bonnie &amp; Clyde“.
While she caresses my thighs, I open my eyes.
To the sight of 44 uniforms.
\- The scope on their eyes....

My valor shall never travel lonely.
With you by my side, my girl, my best homie.
Solely your soul, on parole in the role of a robber.
Costapos closing in, but we too close to cop us nada‘.
Colladas, she grabs the prada, I grab the car.
Wind on our backs we fly on charters to targets so far.
They multiply, Never lie, I love you till I die.
Bonnie &amp; Clyde - till death we let our love apply.

She said; - Boy I love you like the winter freeze.
When you hold me in your grasp, I get thinner knees.
Symetries in the similiar mind is wonderful.
You sit on time, but you cannot decline the hunger's fool.
Colorful, another jewel who sparked my intuitions.
Truly, now I found a man in love of superstition.
Riley Smith I'm your woman, I'm your bitch.
I'm your lady I'm your wife, Ophelia B. Smith.
Carry the burden of loving is no reason.
I see your eyes, gazing at my consciousness.
Freezing, So I rest my head against you shoulder blade.
You showed the way for a girl who wasn't sure.
Of finding better days. While the rose pebbles fall into place.
We took the whole loot, all gold medals and plates.
Rebels of states will come look up.

As I look up – asking, if it ends here?

My valor shall never travel lonely.
With you by my side, my girl, my best homie.
Solely your soul, on parole in the role of a robber.
Costapos closing in, but we too close to cop us nada‘.
Globe trotters, she grabs the prada &amp; I grab the car.
Wind on our backs we fly on charters to targets so far.
They multiply, Never lie, I love you till I die.
Bonnie &amp; Clyde - till death we let our love apply.

