Go Away (Remix) Lyrics
by Woop.


OK, they fuck with you Woop.
Cause I live real life in this shit.
And yes I hit sacks for the cheese.
Just like some mices and shit.
All of my niggas too loyal.
Remember the Titans and shit.
And we don't put on for these niggas.
You will be just a stripe in this bitch.
All of my niggas bout checks.
Just like some stipends and shit.
And I go off the top.
Ain't no need to writin' this shit.
They say my bitches be dyking.
Low key I be likin' that shit.
Cause I'm just gone dick down this bitch.
And then you gone wife the lil bitch.
When I'm fresh off of a sack.
I put some ice on my wrist.
And all of my niggas hot boys.
So don't bring no ice in this bitch.
I ain't nothing like you.
You quit that fightin and shit.
I'll come looking for you.
With hunters and rifles and Sshit.
With ashes on bibles and shit.
With mags with the silence and shit.
Yeah you be talking that talk.
But you ain't bout that violence and shit, no.
All of my niggas real niggas.
So I fall back with my clique.
Cause every Glock here gotta dick.
Cause every Glock here gotta dick.

Niggas they fuck with young Takeoff.
I'm in the kitchen cooking, let's have a bakeoff.
Trappin narcotics illegally.
The block is hot, so I'm checking my radar.
Momma told me that the haters started.
Ever since a nigga was in kindergarten.
I dreamed to get a Porsche and valet park it.
I know I'm a lick, talking walking target.
Let a nigga think he see me slipping.
I'ma hit the nigga when he least expect it.
Heavenly father he watch over me with them angels.
So I know I'm well protected.
Sneaking and geeking, I'm geeking for weekends.
Wake up in the morning and say my blessings.
And I don't drink Actavis just to be cool.
Doctor prescription sipping, that's my medicine.
Smoking on cookies from the bag, no pelican.
Ain't talking bout money nigga you irrelevant.
They gone talk regardless I don't give a fuck.
They love when you down but hate when you up.

You a hustler, lil nigga?
Or a customer, lil nigga?
You gonna fuck with us lil nigga?
Get your muscle up lil nigga.
We be roughing Up lil niggas.
We be touching up lil niggas.
We don't fuck with them lil niggas.
Cause they be hating like fuck niggas.
Make all my haters go away.
But it feel better when they hate.

Feel better when they hate.
Make'em eat the cake like Anna Mae.
On the block gotta make some change.
Or in the kitchen whipping earth quake.
One zip of kush call it light weight.
Got a pound of that gas it's a heavy weight.
State to state drop the pack off.
Don't give a fuck what a hater nigga got to say.
I just might blast ya.
My guns do magic like abracadabra.
Quavo the huncho, the king whatever you call me better say master.
Shout to my nigga Woop.
He tellin' you 'bout these fuck niggas they fools.
Down in Miami they shot up the Sprinter.
For nothin' we bulletproof.
I got a question what you pressing for.
Pussy nigga get ya issue ho.
Pull up with the 100 rounds throwing.
Everybody screaming geronimo!

Offset!
You thought that a nigga wouldn't make it.
I know that you really want to switch places.
Grandma say talk to the lord and use prayer.
Walked on my patio seen all them acres.
Im a hustler nigga my nigga from the North.
Don't fuck with you niggas.
Hit em with the choppa and then uppercut a nigga he talkin like he know me I.
don't even know the nigga.
Haters everywhere you go you rockin' diamonds and the gold.
Dis one for my niggas with eggbeaters and the dope bowls.
Gas so loud get deaf like Sosa.
Offset come through dabbin' do the most.
You niggas really never seen the bricks on the boat.
Sippin' Actavis up out a Jones cream soda.
Just bought the Lamborghini the trunk got the motor.
Talkin' bout you bout it but you not even a soldier.
Niggas be acting like bitches.
Don't got the ambition to go and get Benjis.
Walk around the whole city your pockets on empty you don't got a dollar you.
gotta be kidding me!

