Go Head (feat. The Lox) Lyrics
by Ruff Ryders.


Ruff Ryder Nigga, Volume 2.
We show niggas the meaning of ryde or die.
So all that bullshit you talking, go head nigga.

You don't gotta slap me five or give me a hug.
And it hurts when you gotta kill a nigga you love.
But I'm gone deal wit my enemies sooner.

F**k crush ice, go head and get your shine on.
I'm bout to cop rocks that y'all niggas can climb on.
Don't worry bout why I ain't got mine on.
I want some new shit, I don't want nothing that you can tell time on.
Things ain't all good right now.
Cause before some more niggas die yall in the hood right now.
Y'all can stop acting like that nigga J gone squeeze.
Cause all I got is misdeameanors and some ACD's.
Y'all gon make me lay something down I promise.
And Puff wear scarmas and listen to Carl Thomas.
Puff running and hide and we coping more guns.
An we coming outside cause somebody gotta die.

You know we getting plenty of Dough.
You know we lighting plenty of dro.
You know we coming from Y-O.
Truly though  Really though.
You know we hitting plenty of hoes.
You know we ripping plenty of shows.
You know we coming from Y-O.
truly though  really though.

Sheek.
Now I warned y'all niggas that Sheek was the one.
Now I'm warning y'all niggas that I got my gun.
Rent to kill, don't worry bout no doctor bill.
It ain't gone be one of those just yo casket clothes.
Lox, nah you rather f**k wit the cops.
Cause I pop and turn y'all like the optimum box.
No pay per viev, it's straight hate wit dude.
So I'm hungry and let the morgue zip up your crew.
You wanna hope on our dicks and go whilly yo bikes.
And wear Ruff Ryder tees, motherf**ker please.
You a poke-a-nose nigga, want you stick to the skis.
And I don't hear it in your raps no more.
So I don't bother to go in the store an cop y'all shit.
Only time I cop y'all shit if Lox on it.
I shoot you in yo mouth ain't no calling the cops.
I want my shit back like cash flo and Elian's pop show.

Styles.
I'm always that, I'm always this.
But the flow stay nasty like hallway piss.
If you here the P spitting it's a deep ass song.
When I die mama bury me wit street clothes on.
Cause drama be the threapy, the beef goes on.
Shit i've been speaking out a bit makes it a lot.
But I was f**king wit the savages, kicking the drop.
Live for the money, die for my niggas, run from the law.
Catch me smoking my weed or f**king your whore.
Push my whip to the limit kind of hoping it flip.
Throw my clip to the tip kind of hoping you flip.
I feel sorry for the crackheads, but happy for myself.
So I got mixed feelings about this hussling shit.
I keep saying I'm gone quit after a couple of bricks.
But I can't stop building and I don't pop children.
But I got no problem kidnapping a bitch.

