God Of Thunder Lyrics
by Virtuoso.


The king on horseback draped.
in chain mail.
Swing a war axe, make it rain hail.
Shrouded in clouds I'm pouting the crowds.
With thunderous death marches.
Fresh carcass litter my path slit into halves.
Severian the torturer carrying.
the orchestra.
Burying a fork in ya, ya'll faggots are done.
Stabbing the sun with a harpoon.
Flash in a dark room.
You're overexposed, ya'll the cast of a cartoon.
I spark boom, smash the mizzenmast.
Slash your gizzard fast, crack your clavicle with magical wizard craft.
I sent apostles to slam dance with Pentecostals.
Sounds pound down through the ground denting fossils.

Slice through your tunic first.
Right around the crotch now you a eunuch cursed.
To a life of celibacy then I.
slice your wife's mammaries.
So she can no longer nourish your family.
That's the end of you, I don't.
care if there's ten of you.
Send your crew and tell all your men to bring a friend or two.
I bend a few bones like Plasticine, wrack your spleen up in knots.
Manning the cannon and start busting shots.
The war sniper, your fake hard rocks like formica.
The new God of Thunder body slam Thor like a ragdoll.
And bag y'all time for checkout.
Slice from your head to your shoulders and pull your neck out.

When the God of Thunder storms into the room.
Crack boom crack boom.
Come one, come all if you wanna brawl.
I'm the mighty Thor, who's ready for war?
I'm ready for war.
When the God of Thunder storms into the room.
Crack boom crack boom.
Come one, come all if you wanna brawl.
I'm the mighty Thor, who's ready for war?
I'm ready for war.

When I roll in the battle it's a real bad omen.
I slash through that ass, it's the masterous shogun.
Virtuoso and the Molemen, lurking in the Trojan.
Horse bringing the force of the Norse king Odin.
Exploding, shock-waves are unbelievable.
Your heads and necks rolling chop blades that's unsheathe-able.
Can't stop slicing, y'all can't stop lightning.
Hand box bison's and throw mountain ranges that slam rock titans.
Fighting prehistoric dinosaurs vicious aquatic carnivores.
Virtuoso flows it's like yo what the fuck you rhyming for?
I'm heavy and I'm if I'm forced to riff I have to warn you.
I'm deadly, thoughts will shift the sands supporting California.
Collapse the continents, perhaps my dominance is past your common sense.
That's the ominous task of a monolith.
This rap's so hard, kick it and your leg will shift.
Attack your squad, vicious on a Pegasus.
Convince Hera to bear a son.
A dark solar eclipse her stomach burns and so her lips scream, “Where's the.
sun?”.

My style of quotes will beam a vial of dopamine, I choke your team.

I wrote a dream, for your subconscious.
In which the big gorilla spills the blazing wax.
Impact from my slaps is causing waves to crack.
And transform into undertow.
While your blunders grow I humble foes.
My lung explodes and blows lightning as I sneeze through my thunder nose.
Gust of wind will crush your skin.
Thrust through limbs with tusks embedded in the head that is responsible.
For killing 150 constables in Bournemouth England, sinuous immune to flows.
like Walrus skin.
Virt read a thesaurus in the fourth grade.
Then used my knowledge to craft an orc blade.
And swing it leaving your thoughts slayed.
My war slaves, work collecting samples for.
The manticore with cancer jaws striking rappers with panther paws.
I crush hard rocks to pebbles.
Just for acting bolder and cleave a fjord in your shoulder.
When I swing mjolnir.
Hit em' then, Twist and bend the double helix's of your squad's most vicious.
men.
I transform their forms into bitches then.
My piston sends.
Thundering shock-waves to rock graves of soft knaves.
Whose Thoughts laid slayed when sprayed with my pistol pen.
My crystal lens, bifocals will fry vocals.
Virtuoso my chokehold's worldwide, you'll die local...

