Goldie Lyrics
by Z-Mane.


Royalty Gang, called that boy King Henry for this one.

Ok, now let's get down to business, time to see who's the realest.
My flow is the illest, you niggas just tryna catch the sickness.
They just fish and I'm reeling, sorry,.
did I hurt your feelings?
I cut you, then you bleed, you cut me and my swag is spillin'.
I don't trust that many niggas, only mess with a few women.
Cause they're attitude is sour, they lookin' just like some lemons.
Man, that was just the beginning, my swag go up to the ceiling.
Y'all say that Z-Mane ain't hot, well I guess you could say I'm chillin'.
It's just me, myself, and all these Royalty niggas I came with.
They claim their saliva new, but they still sayin' the same spit.
You say your flow is the coldest? Naw, nigga, its the lamest.
I saw your girl last night and let's just say she is now brainless.
It's crazy, niggas tryna hate on Z.
M, A, N, to the E.
Don't you know that I will T.E.A.R. you niggas up like paper.
Compared to me, you bugs, and, nigga, I am a skyscraper.
Hold up, that was 16 bars, but I ain't done yet.
They always tryna diss, so I ask if they havin' fun yet.
I'll knock yo lights out, nigga, you ain't even seen the sun yet.
Oh, you killin' the flow? Well, playa, I ain't seen the gun yet.
Me and my nigga King Henry stackin' up all this cheddar.
I don't text these hoes know more, man, they better write me a letter.
I said it must be cause a nigga got dough, see?
You still up in the bronze, but it's all about the goldie.
Nigga!
Z-Mane!

I said, it must be, cause a nigga got dough.
Extraordinary swag and a mouth full of gold.
Hoes at my shows, they be strippin' out they clothes.
Man, them college girls write a nigga's name on their toes.
Niggas talk shit 'til they get locked jaw.
Chrome to your dome 'til you get glockjaw.
Party like a cowboy or a rockstar.
Everybody play the tough guy 'til shit pop off.

Yes, I'm the king, tell me, did you know?
Everytime you hear me rhyme, you're gonna like the flow.
Why y'all niggas goin' slow? Yes, I'm sure you didn't know.
That your boy King Henry gonna take over for sho'.
I be peepin' on these niggas cause I'm always stealin' shows.
But after you hear me rhyme, you're gonna wanna hear some more.
Whoa, even though you don't know how to flow.
Each time you rhyme is like you made it long ago.
If you need help on rhymin', just go talk to a pro.
Z-Mane is the bro, man, you already know.
Royalty, nigga, that's the gang we reppin'.
So, if you tryna hate, then you can get to steppin'.
Don't hate on us cause we're the best, we're far greater than all the rest.
While we're in 1st, you're 2nd best, and now to us, you're just a guest.
Yeah, it's Royalty Gang for life.
No, we ain't gotta lie, cause we always shinin'.
Yeah!

Ok, it's Royalty Gang for life.
Z-Mane, King Henry, yeah, we reppin' for life  2x.
What up to J-Main? What up to.
Aaliyah?
L.B.A. and T-Rone, them my niggas, I see ya.
Caspa Loc, yeah, he the king of it all.
It's the boy Z-Mane, and all we do is ball.

