Good Morning Lyrics
by Xc.


I'm just a big city kid, small state of mind.
Had me on the road to riches ignoring the danger signs.
Nobody gave me nothing but tryna take was mine.
Had me staring at the clock, yeah I was facing time.
Try'd to stay away from jail couldn't stay away from crime.
As soon as they late me skate I'm looking for a place grind.
Switched up everything around that and watched the painting shine.
See I see the same picture a different frame of mind.
I did it by the book I'm tired of seeing paper slide.
They tell me take a cut I rather wait in line.
Been sick forever and I'm a patient guy.
But nobody gave us a shot and I was thinking why?
Now I start my own practice that mean I'm taking mine.
Can't give these haters a minute see that's a waste of time.
They keep on saying cause but they can't relate to mine.
See they watch they're dreams run shit I'm out here chasing mine.
Hope you ready cause here we go.

So I tell my niggas to stay up.
Cause we from the bottom so you know the only way up.
Its been a long time I appreciated the way up.
So when the world finally wake up.
You can tell em Good morning, Good morning.
And when they wake up you can tell em Good morning, Good morning.

And my nigga was is you waiting on.
Its been a couple months they tell me I'm taking long.
I came back, guess you gotta face facts.
Heard I was too lyrical but I'm probably not gone change that.
I usually like my girls tall plus I like her waist flat.
You know I like her dreams big now that we on the same track, I say that.
We on the road to riches you wanna argue bout bitches.
When ya girl is not enough, shit the world is not enough.
I need more, everything more.
See thats why I be working like I never seen more.
They telling me to rest what should I ever sleep for.
When I'm out here chasing everything I ever dreamed for.
So everything more and yeah it mean more.
So every track I get I gotta do my thing on.
Couple on the jeans I'm just tryna keep em clean boy.
Did it for my team fuck you think I rock Regime for, Sleep less Dream more.

