Goonie Flow Lyrics
by Zuby.


I be in the studio watching all these videos 
Budget, like it's movie, dough all these rappers booty, though 
Looking kind of fruity yo MC call of duty, bro 
Put away the Zuby flow kill ‘em with the Goonie Flow 
, 
Uh yo, 
Venomous, cyclone faster to flip 
Eminent Mic flow passion to spit 
Villainous psyche compassion. I skip 
Thriller like Michael jacked and I'm fit 
And, I'm quite sick. No venereal, iller 
 Got ta write scripts like a serial thriller. 
Better get rich like imperial scrilla 
Cuz. I make hits like a serial killer. 
Black on black, with the fashion to flip 
I'ma make stacks with a passion to quip, 
 Gim me one take and I'm back with a script. 
Leave me one break and I'm back with a hit. 
 Gim me one fake and I'm back with a stick: 
With his dome on a spike and a sack with his hips 
And, his back and his lips unattached from his wits 
Cuz. He gassed he was sick. So I smashed him to bits. 
Now he's dashed in the six and I'm mashing the whip, 
Doing one-sixty blasting, The Clipse 
Thrashing the strip hit a patch with no grip 
Spun around three times and I crashed in a ditch 
Act and I split like a slash in a stitch 
Got a gash that'll. Last and a rash from the hit 
But I'm faster than Vick, so I dashed to the sticks: 
To, a hatch in a patch where I crashed and I hid 
For 48 hours, where the roaches are majority 
Hate, hiding like a coward, but my freedom is priority. 
Said. They found two bodies and I'm wanted by authorities 
A rapper and a DJ who was constantly ignoring me. 
 
I be in the studio watching all these videos 
Budget, like it's movie, dough all these rappers booty, though 
Looking kind of fruity yo MC call of duty, bro 
Put away the Zuby flow, kill ‘em with the Goonie Flow 
I, be in the studio watching all these Videos 
Budget, like it's movie, dough all these rappers booty, though 
Looking kind of fruity yo MC call of duty, bro 
Put away the Zuby flow kill ‘em with the Goonie Flow 
 
Uh 
Y'all got a mil in dough. I got a million flows, 
Open a million doors and kill a million. More 
Pussy is power in back of the brain 
Pushing the power and packing the pain 
Sinister shower. To sadden the shame. 
Sinning is sour and sapping the sane 
People like “Zuby you're rapping insane ” 
Angry like y'all, took a crap in my lane, 
Ripping up flowers and smashing the pane 
And, I'm killing you cowards and capping the lame 
Flow like I'm boating and I'm openly gloating 
I'm openly Scoping and hope I'm provoking 
You hope that I'm joking I poke and you're soaking 
I'm choking your throat like the smoking, you're toking, 
I'm, dope and you're broken my flow got
you open, 
Industry, terrible rappers are hopeless, 
Focus and notice. I float like a lotus 
Above. The mainstream, while you ford, like a Focus 
You rappers are jokers, beat is complete, but the rapping is bogus 
Talk. All you want about me, but I'm killing it 
Want to not move to this beat but you're feeling it 
I'll get ahead of this heat till I'm winning it 
Stacking up bread, overhead, that's con-ceiling! It 
Wake up the dead with a track. They so riveted 
I make a bed for a beat, and I chill in it 
Skill is definitive. Never derivative 
Thinking, ahead, you'll rewind, it unlimited catch up. 
 
Are you down, Zuby 
, 
