Gorillas Lyrics
by Yung Trae.


Hey guys!
Well alright, Well alright, Well alright.
We out this bitch, yeah, nigga!

Grocery store line, mama countin' them pennies.
Remember them days had to dine and dash at Denny's.
Niggas wasn't eatin', when your.
stomach get that empty.
You might have to move and shake, just to get some Shake'n Bake.
Top Ramen; top off the coupe was a.
ghetto dream.
A thousand dollars cash was like a million to my team.
See that's the type of life we only see on T.V. screens.
Remember when my nigga had the stolen 3.D. one.
I was on the block with a stolen B.B. gun.
Robbing niggas with it cause I took the orange tip off.
Pawning all I had but that shit was such a rip off.
Sad cause my clique off, couldn't.
afford WMATA.
Doing what I gotta, my neighborhood was sorta like the beginning of Shottas.

Except a dealer with Impalas would tell me be a look out.
And give me twenty dollars.
But then he went to jail and the.
charges gonn stick.
So now I'm....

Cruising 'round the city, lookin' for a lick.
It was me and four homies all piled in the whip.
So we pistol in the draws, Swisher.
hanging from my lip.
Counld'nt afford nothing at all, but I ain't even trip.
Cause I'm riding with gorillas! The.
local somebodies.
You ain't nobody until you body somebody..
So we packed in the Rav4 then we hit the strip.
Cruising 'round the city, nigga lookin' for a lick.

Two banana clips, we gorillas in the mist.
Two banana clips, we gorillas in the mist.
Two banana clips, we gorillas in the mist.
Two banana clips, I hope my choppa.
don't jam, BAM!

Grocery store line, mama countin' them pennies.
If we come up we get McDonald's or Wendy's.
Or maybe Chinese; delivery from Yung Ho.
My cousin had the bitches, all I wanted was a young ho.
But pretty bad bitches never checking for a goon.
Who wear the same everyday like a fuck'in cartoon.
The block is hotter than June and that Lil' Weezy C.D.
We gotta go hard cause the shit is never easy.
All we know is E.B.T. and coming up illegally.
One day surfing through the channels I discovered B.E.T.
I was watching in amazement, like Damn that could be me!
I ain't got nothing to lose cause if they don't feel what I spit I'll be.
....

Ape shall never kill ape, Ape shall never kill ape.
But I will murder you for Bapes, nigga!
I will murder you for Bapes like rat-a-tat!

