Gorilla Position Lyrics
by Yung MillzZ.

I ain't even gon', wait on this one 
 
None 
Got this habit quite as impeccable 
With, the incredible dexterous I'm flexin on these lexin hoes 
So. Let them know they time is getting closer. 
They should go and plaxico they selves before I let em go 
They asking where his lettuce go. 
I needed to get some head, 
Niggas been tryna, get some blow 
But a nigga had to move that to get some bread, 
Them local niggas ain't fuckin wit me better. Go get the Feds 
2012 B.C. check the timeline. All I'm really tryna do is get a check. 
I'Mma get respect for my one. Twos 
Anybody disrespects get a one. Two 
I ain't lost a battle, yet you ain't won two 
But you wan na come and check nigga. You get one too 
Mayweather counter punch, but I ain't running from shit. 
I'M runnin, this shit, 300 throwin one at ya, kliq 
Drop hits web sling em peter park. It 
Been did it for the money 
Now. I do it to get Olivia Munn knees on my carpet. 
What you you talkin 
My, swagger out the orbit 
Word to martian gang. The spartan gang is gon retarded 
They talkin bout, pound 4 pound bar 4 bar I'm the hardest 
They talkin bout songs. I paint portraits I'm an artist, 
I, say Beauty on the beat the tracks. A beauty from the beast 
On active duty pack, the tooly blast, a whoodie at the beat 
Sharpshooter I be ret on them. Ciggas smoke, em 
Hope, is all but gone. I'M a T-Rex to you. Tiggers 
Corvette to siclists cyclists, 
Kratos flow Rap god of war, but the flow is righteous 
Bite this and fuck around and chip a tooth 
Paint, the track red. But the pictures blue 
What 
You forgot. You was fuckin with the militious crew 
Split ya, chick in two and bring you back half 
Try to front and catch a backlash. 
I'M a boss, y'all lucky y'all, don't get fired for that back! Sass 
Ol' sassy nigga wan na act like you charged up, but you a gassy nigga 
I'm classy nigga, smooth as a baby, ass 
What. I look fuckin with a ashy nigga 
Y'all antsy niggas, I'm chillin hard 
My fancy is tom: clancy nigga 
Rainbow 6. My aim don't slip: 
I bang at yo, dynasty, nigga 
Franchise. I am that flow flame, throw spit anthrax 
Steve Francis couldn't slam. This know the fuck who I am jack 
YM. You tried him. Yo story need a violin, 
Ma cryin fam flying in and I ain't dialed in 
Line em up I make corpses. Then I pile them. 
Annilhated red, spotted pavements. The street got psoriasis 
Probably shouldn't aim at a prodigy 
I aim at em And dot. The T make him cross his eyes 
Whenever. I drop this shit. Its apocalypse, you shoulda, bought supplies, 
Filet the whole block. A nigga shoulda brought some fries 
Now. They wonder why the hell he even make this beat 
When. We just turn around and say he ate. This beat 
Bar 6 rappers said man, he gon rape. This beat 
46 them niggas, probably finna hate. This beat 
The focus of niggas tryna make ends meet 
Mothafuckas, whose families ain't even ate this week, 
Even niggas, who yap about how? I ain't this street 
My hunger to lyrically. Puncture niggas makes this street boy 
This moth to the flame, I'm hotter, then a furnace 
My destiny in this nation is based in what I determine 
Face to face with some coke or something laced with a burning mace. 
I'M burning ya place and replacing your crib with a bird estates. 
You heard the great more hustle than Charlie in his prime 
300 horses on my brain stricken with audi at the mind 
Sick and retarded on the rhyme loud addict on 4/4 time, 
Yours homage a recorded slumber party thats full of mimes 
And. Even with that, last line being a bit off 
This song by your favorite rappers gon na get bit off 
Hope, he don't bite off too much more than he can chew. 
But shit! If this his competition ain't much more, that he can do
 
