Got It All (feat. Eve & Jadakiss) Lyrics
by Ruff Ryders.


Some people blonde peeps red benji something moving quickly.
Out of town, how they gonna find her moving swiftly.
5 steps ahead of the best, well that's nothing.
20 steps ahead of the rest they left something.
And I base not, want not, can't stand broads.
Ridiculous niggas practice for the title 'hard'.
Me, pick of the litter I was born to bubble y'all.
Born to chain game, shit born to stand guard.
Play games, you left nameless, fame ball.
Promise that it's never painless, nigga be hard.
Come and hope you can take the heat nigga, let's start.
Strong as a stallion, babe you got a dog.
And she feminine with pretty women friends, all dimes.
Timberlands is how I like my men in all mines.
Ruff Ryde, you nigga hard head soft spine.
Pass the word, must have stacks to cross lines.

Don't want your dough, I don't want your car.
Don't want your jewels, no not at all.
With them other broads you might rule it all.
Not with me, sorry boo I got it all.

A chick is a chick a nut is a nut.
And they always keep an attitude until you butter them up.
Since I ain't gotta buy you stuff.
Who's gonna hold you down if they try to run in here and tie you up.
Now don't start flippin it, everybody know.
We been had dough, ya just started gettin it.
Money might make you grown.
But you still need a dog to take you home and make you moan.
You ain't gotta see the bank for loans.
All I do is party and bullshit like when Frank was home.
And you got it all boo, I got it all too.
A four, five, and a six, and they all blue.
And I don't care what she thinks.
If I offer you any ice love it'll be in a drink.
And instead of talking about what you got and all that.
Just make sure when I hit you, you call back.

One touch will make a nigga blush on site.
Grown men create a crush, nails they bite.
It's a game, try to catch me, but only if you can.
Takes a lot to impress the bombshell, don't want a man.
And it ain't about the dough baby, Eve alright.
Cause if Eve want to fly away, Eve take a flight.
Eve hungry for a meal, baby Eve get a bite.
Be nice and you might get to see your daddy's life.

Ma, I'm glad that you got it all, more for me.
And I don't gotta pay for the puss I score for free.
And the same thing I pulled on them I pulled on you.
C'mon now, how you think I pulled your crew.
Got my own crib so you can't kick me out.
I call one of your friends to come twist me out.
If you know Jada- then you know what -Kiss be about.
Just for fun I hit the bank and pull fifty out.

