Got Dem Joints Lyrics
by Questionmark Asylum.


She was only 17, she had a freaky dream.
To get older guys she would scheme.
She wants to get in those pants.
To be involved with the simple dance of romance.
But there's one thing she didn't know.
That her man was an undercover ho.
I thought you knew.
That's the way it is I was told.
Everything that shatters ain't gold ya know.
Can you come closer she says.
He didn't really think he's in the pants.

She went in the Red Roof hotel.
Yet she had no ? motel.
Thought he was getting sicker cause he was contaminated.
Of course he wouldn't conversate a bit.
Now it's time to go to bed.

But you know that you got those joints.
Trying to front like you don't know the deal.
Trying to front like that AIDS ain't for real.
You play games who can get the most points.
But you know that you got those joints.
But you don't want your friends to know.
So you remain to be an undercover ho.
You play games who can get the most points.
But you know that you got those joints.

Check it out, check it out.
Another fly episode straight from the Questionmark cause this is worldwide.

Welcome to the world of AIDS.
It's an epidemic where the death toll is printed on the front page.
Looky, looky.
This cookie from around the way.
We be cool so I hit that everyday.
But since you can never tell from the outer shell.
Where the booty been, yo we wraps it in aluminum.
She says, I'm clean. Nigga is you crazy?
Last thing on my mind now-a-days is making a baby.
Just imagine the sexual assassin seducing the victim.
Ruining the immune system.
Cause you hit them skins raw.
You don't trust me Rosta.
No shit.

Cause they might just have them joints.

Interlude.
Rosta: Oow, oow, Mista yo. Look at her over there by the bar.
Mistafiss: Talk about mad sex appeal.
Rosta: Yo um, tell the bartender to send her a couple of drinks and tell her.
to come here.
Mistafiss: Gotta get with that for real.
Rosta: Aye man, she's winking at me, what should I say? What should I do?
Mistafiss: Thinking of a plan how to do this.
Rosta: Let me step over there and get her a drink. Let me just step over.
there and talk to her.
Mistafiss: ? let's let's do this.
Rosta: Yo man she gots to go home with me man.

