Gotta Groove Lyrics
by 4 Broz By Broz.

Dj Oatmeal 
La-Z-Boy back and enjoy
yourself 
Cause, just like soy, Oatmeal's good for your health 
Says, your physician, 4 Broz, 2nd edition on a mission, 
4th floor office door sign says we're out: fishin' 
And. I spread it on thick, like grandmas canned jam, 
I'm back in the saddle
like. The Son of Sam 
I am an appliance designed to drop science 
My bill. Paying skills is what keeps me financed. 

And. I cut up a rug like it's a dame and I'm Bundy 
This groove's got the back. That makes you shake your tush 
Fat Bass, line's thicker than George W's Bush 
Ladies. On the dance floor. We know you wanted more 
We're back on the wax- and it's time settle the score. 
Our funk's a work of art -and it's hanging in The Louvre, 
When the patrons walk past it you know they bust. A move. 
 
Cause I got ta got ta got ta, got ta groove right now: 
 
H nasty Bamboo, Shoots, a.k.a., Tangerines, 
I'm, farting out rhymes. All over your face, 
I'm the Rapping Detective and I'm wrapping up this case. 
If, you lost your daugher. I can help you find her. 
Phantom Menace puts the case files in a 3-ring binder 
There's, no need to call an ambulance, 
You're not covered in ants. There'S! No hot soup in your pants 
I'm, just slamming these rhymes down hard Like Larry Nance 
When, I get up on stage you're going to stand up and dance 
 
Tangerines and DJ Oatmeal 
We rhyme with speed nah. We don't fatigue 
Members of the Poetic Justice League, 
Tangerines and Oatmeal got nothing left to prove 
We're a great, a breakfast combo for those who got to groove, 
, 
Tangerines, 
Wine and condoms. All you need at a picnic. 
Let me flick. You, a quick tip. You can't handle this dick kid 
You're flaccid, I cum miracles on ice like Lake Placid, 
Shoot it in your eyes. It blinds like battery acid 
Oh. I got you pregnant. Well, isn't that tragic, 
Take my advice and go get an abortion 
And. Don'T you dare ask me to pay my portion 
'Caue, I can't cause. I won't 
Cause 4 Broz is back at the club, 
Making all the girls moist and all the guys get chubs 
Doing hip hop dances like Coach, Z and Bubs 
Now. Stop bothering me about child support, 
 
DJ, Oatmeal 
Screams, peel for Oatmeal, and they always be pesterin' 
Pull, a Charleston Heston 
fire, my Smith and Wesson 
And. I got a round left for a lucky-feeling punk 
Shatter, you like glass on a O'Neil, dunk 
3 sheets to the wind, half
mast, already gone, 
His partial got court. Martialed twas illegal public schlong 

He got a B in pleasure from The the School of Hedonics 
Now. It'S me and Tangerines, and we're on the scene and 
 Got ta Move to this. Groove, like you were bustin' a Keaton 
The Times headline's got
the full details, 
Oatmeal fucked up the track like a penny on the rails
 
