Grand Theft Auto Lyrics
by Swych.


Every day it's like GTA 
Bodies on the ground and the sirens going around 
Everybody, strapped up every city, every town, 
Every, corner bodies, dropping everybody, know the sound 
Cops killing no indictments. They don't even go to trial 
800,000 kids a year lost and never found 
Probably in the White House together running all around 
Find Saddam Hussein, but can't find somebodies child. I mean 
You got Bin Laden. Tell me where these kids hiding 
All these wire taps. You can't bring a child back 
Can't see why they gave us hope we can't reach 
Can't breathe. Well, you see where Eric Garner's at 
Mike Brown Trayvon no surviving that 
Where's the riots I'll be posted where the fire at 
As, a country can't tell you where we're headed, 
Even cop callers, stop and got to think of 9/11 wait 
People either stealing cars or they Stealing bars 
Not too many go to school or they get a job 
If. He ain't, shooting, 3's, probably shooting for the stars: 
Or shooting people on the corners and the boulevards 
They. Let Obama run the country, but they had to do it. 
Puppet master pulling strings. While he's interviewing 
On top of that, I got to look at what my cities doing 
Knowing that I played a part in why my cities ruined 
, 
People, drowning in a sea of police, arms, 
, 
Avoid, the jungle in the streets, because they mean harm 
, 
The, Storyline today could always be your last 
 
And. If you die in this game boy, ain't no coming back, 
, 
Everyday, more and more life is looking like a game of GTA 
So watch how you play it. 
 
Let me know when you finna bang, for something other than the side of the city
that, a nigga from though 
Let a nigga know when you gon' get a purpose paired with the .44 
Maybe. When you got a shotgun, you call Malcolm when you got a handgun. You call
Huey 
Assata's name on your AK Bobby Seale for that uzi 
You, just rolling around with that toolie ready to bust on injustice, 
Not talking no cop unless they crooked 
How about the pushers for needle pushers 

She. Another ghost in this ghost town and that's real 
 
Everytime, I see P-A, it's almost like I'm in a game of GTA 
Brothers want to come up on some money in a easy way: 
Wind up living on the run for at least three days, 
Better watch your Back with the cops on the hunt, don't be thinking that your
town can't be Ferguson. 
Phoenix P.D. told Rumain keep his hands up then to keep his hands down. And
They murdered him 
See. This ain't, no game, though it seems like that 
It is what it is man it be's like that 
Kiss your loved ones, because these kids got guns 
And. Your last words could be I'm a be right back 
How many got to die for some respect. Huh 
If could even be me next 
Until, then I'm still praying for a reset. Yeah 
 
Hold up 
Cold, cold world Cold cold world 
I could use a cup of hot cocoa girl, 
Ha corny, but the world need laughter 
City that I'm from they be running out of caskets 
And cemetary space, remembering
elementary 
Thinking, that this life was nothing but fun and Games 
Now, they 8 years old, running with guns and blades 
They ratchet no clank. They ratchets go bang 
 like it's GTA
 
You a man one day t-shirt the next damn 
Now. I just hope that t-shirt. Look fresh 
I got a right to live, but I'm obligated to death 
So my heart on my sleeve, like a tattoo 
Cliche taboo. Now everybody rocking vests 
God bless you bullets coming at you 
Wish you the best whether you ride for the South or the West 
I'm a rider 
New Bed Stuy-er. I ain't gon' tell you what sider 
I'm a rider 
New Bed Stuy-er it don't even matter what sider uh 
But. If you lose your homies rob, who you want? You'Ll never have it all
 
So many people dying in my city got me searching for the Dragonballs 
Eww 
 
*static* 
 
