Green Eggs and Swine Lyrics
by 3rd Bass.

You do not dig them, so you say: 
TRY THEM, TRY THEM and you may 
Try them and you may I say.. 
 
Pete Nice 
Slave drivers on your dollar bills that builds upon your ignorance, 
Significant. You never beat one-two one-two semblence 
Since. I ain't supposed! No boastin 
I'm keepin soaps in my mouth, like coke stem 
For, the silence of the swine sittin slick on my slim, chews 
Liquor on the lamp sippin booze as a cow moves 
Lose my head over speak of a censor, 
Morse code, but Three had no family credenza 
Friends of mine align swine on the backstab 
Grabbin greedy. Now it's Rikers or rehab 
My walkin stick just flips. It'S a stick up: 
Misdirected like Charlie Babbitt, mixed up 
Three-fifths three-fifths like this 
He used to roll a man with three-fifths a man without his soul. 
So is this equal or blowin up your ass 
Smoke sticks who got your vote and rather slit your throat 
 
Try, them.. Bacon, souflee 
No. I ain't gon na eat, none of that 
Try them.. Bacon, souflee 
No. I ain't gon na eat. None of that 
Try them.. Bacon, souflee 
No. I ain't gon na eat, none of that 
Try them.., 
, 
MC, Serch, 
No, no, no green eggs and swine 
But. They keep edgin to my plate. I step back and say 
Thanks cause I just ate, not that I would eat it 
Even if I was hungry -- all the ills of the streets. 
That could have done me in. I stay clear of all the evil. All the envy 
And ex-homeboys, who used to be friendly, 
Pretend to be down but changin real, fast 
So heed. The word heed the word of my FOOT up your ass 
Kickin a bone out castin a stone out 
Makin water ripple, but got nothin the middle 
So. Now you sit there makin big waves 
Talkin about my ancestors used to be from caves, 
It's time to wake up, bake the cake and turn the page. 
For now is the birth, the birth of the mind age, 
We you and me --, all in a new time zone 
And give you somethin much better to dine on 
 
Try, them.. Bacon, souflee 
No. I ain't gon na eat. None of that 
Try them.. Bacon, souflee 
No. I ain't gon na eat. None of that 
 
 {. I will not eat them with Prince Paul 
I will not eat them with Low Rawls 
I. Do not like green eggs and swine 
I. Do not like those 3rd Bass, rhymes, }, 
, 
Pete, Nice, 
My, loops and loops and rhymes you never censor 
I'm scramblin eggs on your family, credenza 
Attend to your owns or you're blown to bits, 
You're eatin, green eggs, while I'm swallowin, the grits 
You, sits on your Bony ass, I'm passin on the rhythm I give em 
Gassin me: you try to geez I'll SWING, em 
Like, a 40 ounce. The choice is constitutional solutions, 
Arrest in domes of ignorannce, full 
I'm, dickin down swine. I stick my neck out. 
Give, a slap here and shorty'll put your head out: 
Five G's explicitly you see, the story tells 
You put a sticker on my record and my record sells 
Sam. I am not with the not but Sam Sever is 
So. The critics all think they know. What clever is 
I never seen you 40'd up at the corners Pops 
So, what a Senator knowin about hip-hop 
, 
Try, them.., Bacon, souflee 
No. I ain't gon na eat. None of that 
Try them.. Bacon, souflee 
No. I ain't gon na eat. None of that 
Try them.. Bacon, souflee 
No. I ain't gon na eat. None of that 
Try them.., Try them.. 
, 
MC Serch 
Freedom of speech that is spoken in loose lips 
To. Those who appreciate large tips tippin the scale 
Slum is in favor of the man who can't stand the live, flavor 
Bob's, a jerk and he worked for the ex-friend 
Not X-Clan, but wax get taxed even if it's bland 
Branded for educated street credentials. 
And can't talk about life's bare essentials. 
Put it to plate cause the plate, they won't deny it. 
But won't, give you a chance or even a place to buy it 
Cry for freedom, but music's, not free. It'S choking 
Could, never could ever could say what needs to be spoken 
Put this out before I depart 
Before, I hit the Killdrews. He started with the arts. 
I got much much better things to do with my time, 
Than to worry about the green eggs and swine. Try them.. 
The green eggs and swine 
Much much better things to do with my time, 
Than to worry about the green eggs, 
The green eggs, the green eggs and the swine 
 
Bacon souflee 
No. I ain't gon na eat, none of that 
Try them.. Bacon, souflee 
No. I ain't gon na eat, none of that 
 
 {. I will not eat them here or there 
I will not eat them anywhere. 
I will not eat green eggs and swine 
Hehehehe .... But MY BALLS ITCH } 
 
