Greene Eyes Lyrics
by Quelle Chris.


Listening' to rachet.
Music made by niggas with bachellors.
Feeling some kind of way.
Really it's a mask or.
Masquerade, these labels are after slaves anyway.
You get what you paid for.
But launder what I take off.
They said if I switch up persona I'mma take off.
I said If I lift up this llama y'all will break north.
Pap-pap-pap-pap.
Y'all thought I was way soft.
That don't make me hard.
It either make me a liar or a felon.
But either way I'm rapping so it's not like I embellish.
BK is in my blood, not a Nets or a Knicks fan.
We the home team, I'm a checks and a kicks fan.
Never scuffing it, strip clubs on payday.
Chicks with fake asses, looking like Shanaynay.
Y'all prefer 'em in glasses.
Out of them spinning classes.
Got 'em singing in my living room like Ray J.

Mayday to the shayday, fall apart.
AM, humans, payday, me and you.
I'm tired of eating rappers, what's next on the menu?
If I don't think you fly then why would I pretend to?
Seems you into.
Ruinin' instrumentals.
Ew with all that doodoo coming out your pens and pencils.
The only sound piece of advice that I could lend you.
Is keep doing what you're doing, it makes me look better.
Ain't nobody even checking for you anyway.
See me out, you want to politic or spark a J.
I'll be like Too bad man, I just stopped smoking yesterday..
Now can my niggas just kick back and wax upon these random beers?

Discussing rare chandeliers.
I've been the illest even since I was a Pamper pee-er.
Don't need ? a so ?
I'm on my own shit.
Coasting up an lampin there.
Coastal of don't matter where.
East, west, fucking south.
Rose petals on the steps every time I leave the house.
Ay yo, yo.
I'm coming to America.
Long trip from a place where English ain't the standard.
Ah, fuck.
Forgot what I was bragging 'bout.
Woke up wondering, what the hell is swag about?
I guess I've got to gut the new nigga.
Stress about it.
I've been around since Steelo was a noun, shit.
Rap retirement home, yo.
It's a line to take a piss over Watch The Throne.
It's a line, not a diss if you watch the poem.
? And chill.
Eat 'em up Will!
Take a loss, learn the lesson every time that I fail.
Make a ? mistakes, couple stacks lost, oh well.
It's ? with the paper, break it down and rebuild.

Well I don't know about you.
But I'm Brooklyn to the core.
Only five minutes left and I'm looking at the score.
Cause I'm something like the Nets, always the underdog.
But always coming correct.
Highlight it and underscore.
Taking all bets, I won't fumble with the ball.
It's a promise, not a threat.
A lot of hunger is involved.
Mind your speech when you're speaking with the nobles.

Any day of the week, got freaks at my disposal.
I'm calling due, both the pepperseed, and the mogul.
The open like a oval, we roam like a mobile.
Phone, black fist, power in our vocal tone.
That's when you realize these guys got the key to life.
A alikes who Be alike and See alike.

Shouts to the brotherhood of not give a fuckishness.
Eloquent ignorance, cunts leave 'em succulent.
There's plenty in the sea, I just succumb to the puckerfish.
We naked blowing blunts in public.
Check the bucket list.
The emp wears no clothes.
My hemp odor allures.
The scent drifts, they get lifted.
Float and follow their nose.
My poetry and prose rife with trite.
Mary Jane.
Sayings and names names, blame the ways I was raised.
Said you were supposed to rise above.
Took that at face value, got high with a blunt to the face.
Session.
Coughed Wesson out on the block.

My eyes Raspberry Schweppes, concession.
For some it's too dense and too pungent.
Can't put they thumb on my gems or loose nuggets.
I know Zeus is Jupiter, cooning is Cool Runnings.
The wise fool.
Mule kicking the hood from the clutches of Klu Kluxes.

