Grimy  Rambunctious Lyrics
by SwitchMIX.

Grimy 
 
This is hip-hop., Kill a cop. Rappers know that i'm a super genius 
The meanest man since baby Jesus 
I'm, a God you're a fraud. 
Zero thinks that this is hard 
Here's. A couple bars cheating systems, you'll. Think it's a mod 
Super seasick 
Waves make you believe it 
EJ floating in the air. 
Izzy can't believe it 
Slick is making beats 
ClassE wan na do some feats. 
Nate is beating off with Lubriderm and shooting on his feet. 
Rek is watching 
Rapping like he's Hopsin 
Need. Some beats and feeling teats and balling like he's K-O-B, ... 
Add the E and fix your lip 
Fix, your face you stupid trick. 
Oops I mean bitch 
Now, you can't believe 
I'm the man goddamn. Now you see why I can jam 
Got the illest flows and always taking all yo hoes 
Sorry D, but you know how it can be 
Got these groupies next to me, like i'm dancing in K.O.B 
With the slippery feet 
Vans in 10, now watch'em leave 
Walking up To studios and setting them ablaze, b, 
Better than Chief Keef and mostly the whole GBE 
Not, a trapper just a rapper, barely that, but you can see 
Now, i'm cool, making girlies drool in the pool, 
Throwing up gang signs and screaming out What Up Fool 
Okay. This is wack going back to shooting craps 
Lost. My bet got no money riding off and smoking crack 
 
RAMBUNCTIOUS, 
 
My girlfriend thinks I'm good. I guess that's enough 
Killing with my lyrics and busting nuts in fucking sluts 
I guess. I shouldn't have said that now that she's coming for me, 
Coming at me, like a shark but armed with more teeth, 
I'm the devil, i'm God. Yeah, whatever 
Eminem with my synonyms., I'm Hannibal, Lecter 
Free Big Body, Bes Beast Coast, nigga 
FBZ with the DDT's. We grow. Nigga 
Always better than the rest 
Paying sluts, to see their breasts. 
Getting blown like i'm getting dome in a black-and-red Corvette 
We The Best.. That'S in my DJ Khaled voice, 
Getting bitches moist with my voice, like they ain't, have a choice: 
And. Yes, i'm fucking back spitting shit like fucking crack 
But, i'm fucking wack and you downloaded it 
Think of that. Let get your priorities straight: nigga 
I'm, important 
I'm, a big gulp 
Drink it up, 
Super discordant like i'm an orphan 
Nanookwaffe, bitch 
Sending you and your whole family to Auschwitz 
Feel, the gas. Your time has passed 
I'n on top now go back to cutting blades of grass 
Go back to class 
Stop walking the halls; 
Little black kids, 
Always being rambunctious
 
