Grind Till I Die Lyrics
by 5th Child.


You know who it is: man 
It's, the boy 3rd Shift, a Cincinnati monster, 
Mr., Shit-on-your-favorite-producer 
My model for the oh, eight is no sleep, 
My man 5th about to get them, and my man G-Eazy, is about to split them. 
 
Ho. I run this and I don't give a care about your flare or the dough or the
team that you run with 
‘Cause. I'Ve been on a roll, since I made my first hundred 
Anybody standing in my road to riches is getting done with 
Fiending for the green addicted to the skrilla 
Since. The lady with the wings put a quarter on my pillow 
5th'll, do to beats what fat kids do to sweets. 
What you're doing on a mixtape, I'm doing in the streets. 
Yessir playing for keeps dawg. I'M sonning cats running rap 
Never. Seen defeat like my stomach's fat run, it back 
 Got ta, keep it southern. I am from the Jack 
Brothas in the club chase, a freak that can make her cheeks thunderclap 
Proceed with caution or sleep in a coffin 
I'm, a walkin' BOLO BOLO. When it comes to this nonsense, yep 
Peaceful, often. Rap beef is not an option. 
Unless niggas heads is blown up.. Then we can get it poppin', 
 
Whoever said I ain't. The realest must be autistic. That'S ridiculous! 
I got bar style, artistic and meticulous 
I'm living this game. On my back and 3rd Shift with us, 
We got an epidemic washing tip. Like syphilis 
The team here this time, there's no stopping me 
To, say he's next in line is quite possibly 
In. Fact more of a prophesy 
If you ain't, getting dough! Well, then go rhyme harder is my philosophy: 
I'm taking shits on rappers, making a mockery, 
It's unavoidable. I'M next it's no democracy, 
How you own three chains and no property 
Homie you eating sloppily. I feast properly 
I, probably get charged with armed robbery 
Pistols to the rap game. 
Come out of everything that you got for me, 
You can try, there's no stopping me 
I'mma rhyme till it's a casket and six feet of dirt. On top of me, 
G-Eazy 
, 
That's right nigga, that's right. Nigga 
Till, the casket is on top of me baby 
For. I'M going real hard 
Like. My man said real hard in these bitch ass niggas 
No sleep. I sleep when I'm dead 
And. Until then, I'm on the grind hustling 
Trying to get it baby, 
From the N-O to Cincinnati and to the bank to the D and everything in between 
My bad 5th, can't forget about Jackson, 
 3rd Shift, 2008 baby, 
Cincinnati monster 
You know what I'm changing my shit. This year, 
Instead of Cincinnati monster, I'm Mr. Take-a-shit-on-your-favorite-producer 
 and if not its a motherfucking crime, a felony and tear stains 
 
3rd Shift
 
