Grind TIme Lyrics
by Vizzi.

It's Young Vizzi in this bitch.
It's S.P.'s in this bitch.

Fuck ya', stakeout, nigga it's steak house.
We grind time, we know about that steak's bout'.
Nigga we state facts, nigga, we laid back.
We been going hard, been doing this since way back.

Give and give and go.

Shawn Prez.

Fresh Timbs, NY fitted.
And them Bronx Representatives about to kill it.
If you think you're doing numbers then you're fuckin' kidding.
Straight crack flow, whipping in the fuckin' kitchen.
YL Edition, this is the takeover.
You pussy niggas sweet, just like some Grape Soda.
She wants a real nigga, no not a fake Hova.
She begging me to stay, call it a lay over.
Grind time bitch &amp; I'm about my paper.
Fronting on my team, it's going down like elevators.
Getting that green, I can see how you wanna hate us.
But don't you see, jealousy is never gonna break us.
That's real shit, hate a mothafucka who steals shit.
Make a mothafucka wanna kill shit, ya'll ride dick, I kill clips.
My flow's sick, my shit's dead,.
every bitch I know, a nigga gets head.
Everywhere I go, a nigga gets bread.
Hashtag, Young Legends Is The New Trend.

The Devil want our souls, so he coming for our lives.
Deep inside that coma, God once took me for that ride.
My visions come in like meanings in a dictionary.
Wanna read on more success than reading these obituaries.
I work out to my music, symphonic body builder.
My time is getting closer, musically a body killer.
Live inside this careless world, full of greed &amp; hate.
Came back from the bottom, build up to be a great.
Wrote down my thoughts &amp; feelings to become a King.
Why hog it all if we just want the same thing?
Yellow nigga, kicks harder than Bruce Lee.
Me then compared to me now, I don't think you knew me.
These niggas can't hold me back, these broads can't hold me down.
Making money with the money team, shark in water, better pray you don't drown.

Deuce Mob &amp; 45 with a 45 to your dome easy.
Blow the smoke, I walk away, forgive me Lord, you RIP.

No rest, no days off.
Triple shifts &amp; on pours.
No slipping here, we don't stall.
Above your level &amp; won't fall.
No runways, just liftoffs.
Take a few trips, put my mix on.
Get the crowd right, got the loud high.
We got Elus to keep the sound tight.
Boom bass with a loud bite.
Put the pussy on Cloud 9.
Got more style to match profile.
Going worldwide, that Vizzi Raw style.
Caught the flake, we on miles high.
Moving packs, we got pounds high.
Tryna skip trial, don't be judged out.
Cause we going wild, fuck em all style.
In the race &amp; I'm leading, time to click it up, it's Grind Season.

You a pussy nigga, I'll leak you, my dawgs hungry, they'll eat you.
What you talkin' 'bout ain't word to mouth, shoot it up, that's a word to.
mouth.
Fuck this world, come punching out.
Can't stop the grind, still cashing out.

