Grippin Grain Lyrics
by Yungstar.


Grippin grain grippin grain, 
We, grippin grain and poppin trunks upon ya, 
, 
We, roll thangs, sweet reeling round ya, corner 
, 
We, grippin grain and poppin trunks upon ya, 
, 
We, roll thangs, sweet, wheelin round ya, corner 
, 
Well, I'm grippin grain candy, stains, presses cuts and Pinky rings 
Viper jets and choo choo trains. It ain't my fault, I hog the lane 
 
Living life. Well, give me a call 
Blind. The guard whats happening boys, 
Fancy toys. We bring the noise 
C-Nile flipping youngster star 
 
We got candy cars, body guards, walkie talkies cellulars 
84's remote controls TV with the VCR 
 
Watching, a flick, school or click 
Drop. Another platinum hits 
Watching my weight, get back and braid 
Got em, all like halamade 
, 
Millionaire, rapstar billionaire with Jaguars 
Beauty queens with no flaws. When I pass, they show bras. 
I'M lil made sashay shade all my clothes Taylor made 
Lorenzos and razor blades flip and Yungstar. Getting paid 
 
Dropping our weight chop, a blade 
Blaze, the hay got hoes for days, 
Acrobats Bentley and Jag Bentley, with the paper tags, 
Me and ducoup in the coupe drop the top and raise the roof. 
Diamond rocks in every tooth c nile. All about the loot, 
 
Now, I can't sleep at night 
Pulling out my ice. The day will come for us to ride on leather 
I'm, not worried bout, a thing popping diamonds on my pinky ring, 
We, grippin grain and popping trunks upon ya 
Now. There was playa plex with the Eastcoast 
But, the Southside, holding it down. We grippin grain, 
We, grippin grain and popping trunks upon ya 
I. Just wan na roll with you, 
 
We grippin grain down south cause its time to get paid. 
Big willie new come phillie money hopping on blades 
Ass sinking in leather, but there ain't nuthin, better 
Than, a top dropper trunk popper Down South go getter. 
No chasing cars in the sun rocks, go rockin, no fun 
Now im waving my one cause. My job is done. 
Nationwide here I come praise wood in my trunk, 
Swinging wide bubble, eyes, banging screwed or funked 
They didn't believe I can wreck it, but I don't no what they expected. 
From a nigga whose neighborhood is strait drug and Benz' 
Holding down our plexes swinging wide. In my Lexus 
Smooth spot haters crawl, as I floss through Texas, 
Feelin good on the lean tossed up looking clean, 
Baggettes bezetines 50 rocks in my ring 
Though, my diamonds, don't glitter when I'm up on the scene 
And they be jockin but lockin Kool-Aid. Looking clean, 
 
They telling me its going down on the southside of town, 
We, grippin grain 
We, grippin grain and poppin trunks upon ya, 
I, just wan to roll with you 
 
And. Now you see just how it goes 3rd coast, throwin down for sure 
Ain't, a roley on the hoes. We throw got wheels and dough 
 Got ta gleam some more. It'S 3 or 4 CD, blowin 
My, ac, blowin candy glowing all across the nation 
Drop my weight. Somebody hatin 
 
I'm lil, pat carrying yung grippin grain, just for fun, 
Candy beatin me in the sun hop out the truck called number one 
Playa would feeling good showin off. You wish you could 
Diamonds up against the wood 
 
Does his thing near. Every hood, 
 
Showin up skated up 20 inch on truck to truck pinky close to clut 
 
You. Looking real good keep showin up, 
 
Jump in the hearse driving in circles. Dropping screen watchin Urkel 
Turn, the channel now im watching Kirk 
 
Still two corners round. Mr. Crat 
Slangin gots a hun' showed sum yung 
And, the niggas all got lil Barbara sprung 
Raise the wheels ain't fuck with the real 
Flipping double 0 seal in the racer feel 
Blaze to kill, buy some here, candy red they gots to spill 
 
