Groupie Ass Bitch Lyrics
by 415.

Richie, Rich 
Yo man, what we gon' talk about next 
Man, you know what 
I think we should talk about these groupie-ass bitches 
You know what I'm sayin 
As a matter of fact. Jed guess who I seen the other day: 
 Jed, 
Who, 
, Richie, Rich 
Man. Remember that bitch we seen up at that picnic 
The one who was campin like she was down with Bobby Brown 
 Jed 
You mean that punk bitch that wish she were like on your album 
 Richie, Rich 
Yeah man. I seen her the other day, man down on the track. 
And guess what the hoe was. Jockin the gold kick spins 
 Jed 
D-Loc. We need to put somethin out for these fool, bitches 
And, let em know what time it is. Man, 
, D-Loc 
Man. It'S like this 
When, a bitch fuck with a young vet. Like me, I treat her shit. 
 
 D-Loc 
You know the silly bitches I don't like 
The Michael Jordan-New Edition-get, with a star-type 
I used to have one with ass, like a whale tail 
Wanted to get on my team cause a nigga had mail 
For, those that don't know mail means money. 
But. No, I don't pay for pussy honey. 
I might do the pimpin. If you can do the dishin 
Cause stackin up dollars is my number one 
In this society in which we're livin, 
If you're gon na, have a bitch. You got to be spendin 
So to the ladies on the b.s. tip 
Sing along fellas you're, just a groupie-ass bitch 
 
 Richie, Rich 
Haha. That'S it 
Let them. Hoes know 
D-Loc peep! This out, 
I got with a bitch about a month ago. 
She ain't called me. Yet 
And, I know when she peep the video 
She gon' be tryin to get with me 
But. What would you tell a punk-ass bitch like that? 
 
 D-Loc 
Don't even call I played ya like a foul ball 
In a month or two you'll, be through 
Schemin on my label for a story or a fable 
You just caught the vapors and nothin can save you. 
We used to be together on the 9 to 5 
But. When I stopped spendin money, you stopped spendin time, 
It's sort of like a game, so the story goes. 
I was once told you reap what you sow 
If, that's true. Let me phrase this statement 
Suck my dick cause. I ain't takin it 
The stories, the lies, the alibis 
You see I'm only 19, but I'm livin the life 
So to the girlies out there. I can't get with 
Men. Let'S come again: you're just a groupie-ass bitch 
 
 Richie, Rich 
Haha, let them hoes, know 
 
, D-Loc 
The, subject of this object, if you object 
Is to get my point across as clear and correct 
As, I can get when I'm talkin this shit 
Therefore. I must ensure explicit lyrics: 
Like shit, bitch fuck, with this 
Put, your muthafuckin stankin-ass pussy on my dick 
Ride. It like a jockey in a horse race, 
You, better get buck wild. Before I bust you in the fuckin face 
I ain't soft on a bitch, I'm quite mean 
Fuckin up the doggy style, with no grease 
Peace to the homies. If you know what I'm sayin 
And, if you don't understand, you're, not a man 
You're, just a hound loungin around 
Waitin to sniff some dead presidents 
I know the sex was just a collect. 
Men. I tell you, we gets no respect. 
Things can change. If we do it our way, 
You see in'89, a bitch was made to slave 
So homies for the last time, use your mind: 
Get, a grip boss and like a pimp, 
Tell her to back off cause she's a groupie-ass bitch 
 
