Grown Simba (Fuck Pretending) Lyrics
by Uniq Mic.


One time.
Its for the realest.
Realest shit I ever wrote man.
Shout out to King Cole.
I just had to jump on this beat man.
One of the realest niggas I know.
Lego.

Tell my girl not to play this, she will lose her mind.
Tell my momma not to play this, she will not find.
Wisdom within these lines, but G's Will like thugs intention.
Should I mention? U bout to hear my confession.
Still going to school but sure if I wanna.
If it wasn't for the ulcers I would be on Hennessy and Marijuana.
Forgive me mama but the world has to know, am not The Son of Man.
For those who think a condom would av prevented this, u dead wrong, it was all.
a plan.
I'm God's Gift, and a pain in the ass like anal sex.
Young nigga but rap like I got the six.
Written on my forehead and on my wrist.
The only nigga who's seen the sun set in the east.
And still exist.
Got a twisted a life, way it seems God never took a rib from my pack.
Coz all my girls cheat, fuck.

Don't confuse me, am not cursing coz am tryna fit in.
I'm jux pissed, u know feeling.
Fuck pretending.
Why you looking at me like that? U know the feeling.
Fuck pretending.
If I die let it be known.
Fuck pretending.

Am never tryna fit in, am too big for this world.
I know how Hulk feel, Grown Simba, the world too cold.
Its why I'm riding on a Cole beat.
Still ain't got cold feet, nigga got happy feet.
Cut my wrist and no blood come out.
Without a doubt.
Am cold, and bold.
And still raise hell like continental drift.
Like Tailor, I was born swift.
Bout to take the world by surprise, its my shift.
Got a life that can't be described by a metaphor.
Plus a girl, I keep asking why I met her for.
I met a lover, but sometimes its like I met a foe.
This the typa life a nigga should get a medal for.
I reached the end of the world, and jumped right off.
Into the abyss, landed in 36.
I jux record, my life, I can never be off.
Point, tell Genius to decode, the torch about to pass.

Don't confuse me, am not cursing coz am tryna fit in.
I'm just pissed, u know feeling.
Fuck pretending.
Why you looking at me like that? U know the feeling.
Fuck pretending.
If I die let it be known.
Fuck pretending.

Why u judging? We all know u just lying to yourself.
And I ain't budging, coz I know exactly what am worth *2.

Freestyle.
This is like Jay Z talking about his cars.
This is like Kanye ain't caring bout your mental scars.
This is the truest that ever came out of Malawi.
I'm taking my time with this just to sound sawi.
Y'all already know we taking it over.
With only a freestyle ama make take your careers over.
The edge.
And make sure you niggas never come back.
I'm taking my time every time that i rap.
Illest nigga alive, that's how am feeling.
Thinking, what if I was the realest nigga alive and not knowing.

Don't confuse me, am not cursing coz am tryna fit in.
I'm just pissed, u know feeling *2.
Fuck pretending.
Why you looking at me like that? U know the feeling.
Fuck pretending.
If I die let it be known.
Fuck pretending.
*2.

