Halo Lyrics
by 3 Melancholy Gypsies.


We are.
3 of the most talented individuals to ever surround a microphone and bring.
what you deem lyrical.
The spiritual, flawed. The audio immaculate.
You'll never be this fresh no matter how many raps you spit.
I'm passed your shit I've mastered it.
Get blasted by a faster wit.

And the footnote reads: Anyone found listenin' in opposition will be afflicted.
with a condition and internally bleed.
Proceed.
Into the magic of the 3.
We authentic in the game you a facsimili.
I just have to be me.
I'm a bastard you see.
Not happy unless the battle ends disastrously.
That style you just shot: Bulls number 23.
Meaning what you think is new is just a throwback to me.
I rock that, drop that, go back to me.
Which is lightyears ahead.
Mic searin' red.
Borderline telepathic meaning if you get swift.
I can hit the right switch from, right here in bed.
LIGHTS OUT!
From the youngest in the bunch.
Since then anybody wanted battle brung a lunch.
And if I swung a punch cooler heads prevail.
Cooler than whale dick, slower than snail shit.
Time.
That it took to get here.

MURS x Eligh.
3, M G.
We here to caravan the globe until we set the world free.

Yo, we started in the L.A. scene.
A cool ass team of kids cuttin' school like guillotines.
Skippin' classes hoppin' fences for the love of MCin'.
Writin' raps while you was runnin' laps in PE and.
MURS and E and Me see we is what your callin' clean.
Category of allegory, we 3MG'n.
Submarinen' on the under like your arm broke.
Surface to air missile a riddle that'll leave your perception of what's fresh.
ripped and rittled.
So you can poke your eye through and view a clearer picture.
Get a richer sense of scripture from the rhymes we spit ya.
Now picture this: The world is a field of dreams.
And we up at bat like the police vs. Rodney King.
3 L.A. kings with the means to bring a new ring to this musical thing we all.
know and love.
Ya'll need to bump this loud.
I push the pen like the birth of a child.
Bring a new born sound to the crowd.
Digest this here as if it was your last supper.
Then hold it tight like your deepest secret.
Or how my sneaks fit.
Grand Caravan is the movement.
To the Rim of the World is the destination.
With skills that fuck with ya like fornication.
It's all beat all heat 3 wise men on the grind.
This just the first step in the journey the fortunes soon to unwind.
The futures ours I know it's hard to believe.
But it's all there like the reading of palms.
I'm gone 3MGeesus.

MURS x Eligh.
3, M G.
We here to caravan the globe until we set the world free.

Never been so addicted to the microphone like right now.
Injecting heroin, directly into a jet engine.
Blow back wigs of you throwback kids when I show that sketch of the style.
Stretched over time.
With a rhyme like mine can't help to define a mind like mine.
It's an intellectual extraterrestrial celestial body of mist.
With a twist.
Open your bottle cap.
POOF.
Emerge a gypsy tipsy with urge to surge a fist.
Into the urgent-ness of the situation at hand.
What could it be?
Who could achieve anything that they believe.
They could if they say what they meant when they needed to say it.
Play it loud.
Say it Proud.
The tightest and the brightest star in the hemisphere.
Lightest bars for the heaviest ears.
Got this far might as well clear.

Doesn't matter what your status is.
There's badder kids from the front to the read.
Especially one of these 3 here.
Next generation flex penetrations.
Same motherfuckers like tuna appear on the dock of the bay like a catch.
Of the day.
Which way you wanna see it  when I prefer to marinate.
They cook my style by the rays of the sun.
Sometimes I play for fun this time for keeps so release my livelihood.
I'm highly lowdown.
With a rhyme patter that accelerates then slows down.
Which one of you wants to see first hand on the Grand Caravan to the land of.
the lost, and found.
On the rebound.
Scientific measurement put into every word in my regiment.
As if it's not so evident when I rip it down for my president.
The green ones not the demons.
Not from the seaman of a he-man or a wee-man.
But an alien.
Alias Gandalf the Crow.
Why is it that way? I say so.
You say you can flow I say No.
Opinionated prophet proving your proverbs like Plato.
Melancholy will never folly 'till brain covered by halo.
HA-LO.

