Hands in the Air Lyrics
by XFlo.

Nigga you trippin you testing your luck.
Scary ass niggas we making you jump.
Winning ass niggas we don't give a fuck.
Rolling two up and I'm pouring one up.
Everyday shit if you fucking with us.
We having some fun and paying for funds.
Getting the paper till it looking dumb.
If you looking at me you should look at a gun.
Going to war with these niggas fuck y'all.
I'm a beast I'mma dog I'mma give you the paws.
Cracking yo jaw i been breaking em off.
Dumping off work leave yo ass with no job.
Wait, pause.. kiss ass don't slob on my knob.
I am the knight, i stroll through dark.
Shining my light, i done broke off the knob.

The game in my thread like I'm sewing up knots.
When running to bread i got two pairs of socks.
Double my work like I'm raising.
the stocks.
Talking bout work I'm rarely not.
If life was business then you should just stop.
Cus my work is hot, and yo shit is not.
I'm popping like rocks i can make yo teeth rot.
Grind on my words cus I'm spitting that rock.
All in yo system you feeling me knock.
I ask for permission when spilling my thoughts.
Ask for forgiveness when picking this lock.
I'm killing oppression and dodging these thots.
Sending out shots while gripping my cock.
I follow my happiness word to John Locke.
Tell me what's happening I'm lost in the sauce.
And niggas you know it cost to be the boss.

Baby I'm gravy I'm not with that talk.
You are way sexier walking that walk.
But ladies ain't shady these hoes love to flaunt.
All of their body but mad when talk.
Mad when we taunt.... they're full of that shit, i put in font.
You should read it out loud so they ain't lost.
I'm shaded and faded but not feeling dull.
Sharp as a tack i could never be null.
Bitch I'm awake, i used to be lull....
Learned to push, so i never pull.
Any strings, or get rich schemes.
About my own knowledge and my own dreams.
So you should pay homage when you notice me.
And carry my name down in history.

She's backing it up while I'm racking it up.
Just sacking it up while she's acting it up.
If she's acting it up then I'm drafting her up.
Just clap-clap-clapping it up.
Club anthem we rounding em up.
After party we turning it up.
Good trees stay burning em up.
Hidden keys I'm stocking em up.

Hands in the air if you don't give a fuck.
And if you do then you just fucking up.
Off the dome bitch i got lean in my cup.
Weed in my blunt, three G's getting stuffed.
Hands in the air if you don't give a fuck.
And if you do then you just fucking up.
Off the dome bitch i got lean in my cup.
Weed in my blunt, three G's getting stuffed.

Flowing like epilepsy, electricity, XTC.
X too crazy, what they say to me.
Freestyle frenzy, that's OTD.
We the new best, fuck that old team.
On some acronym shit, I'm boutta OD.
And hopefully, i'll finally rest in peace.
And pray to god my soul to keep.
Peacefully, I'm the missing link.
I could fit in but that wouldn't be me.
Stuck in illusions of reality.
So i stand up and out, so i can be free.
To do as i want, and do as i please.
And you can trust that bitch no make believe.
What ever i think, my mind can achieve.
Real nigga speaking bitch fuck yo speech.
MLK i dreamt yo dreams.
I spit some shit that you'd never see, underground I'm planting seeds.
In yo pores like mabelline.
Getting caked up's the recipe.
And getting baked up's my specialty.
Skywalker that's oG.
You niggas ain't know me.

I'm searching for spiritual remedies.
Instead i see criminal felonies.
Reciting habitual melodies.
Until i feel people is feeling me.
Right now niggas belittle me.
Bitch I'm a trill-oG, you cannot riddle me.
This or that, no balancing beam when I'm scaling these fiends.

Hands in the air if you don't give a fuck.
And if you do then you just fucking up.
Off the dome bitch i got lean in my cup.
Weed in my blunt, three G's getting stuffed.
Nigga you trippin you testing your luck.
Scary ass niggas we making you jump.
Winning ass niggas we don't give a fuck.
Rolling two up and I'm pouring one up.

Hands in the air if you don't give a fuck.
And if you do then you just fucking up.
Off the dome bitch i got lean in my cup.
Weed in my blunt, three G's getting stuffed.
Everyday shit if you fucking with us.
We having some fun and paying for funds.
Getting the paper till it looking dumb.
If you looking at me you should look at a gun.

