Hang With Me Lyrics
by Ty.


Ex see im guwaped up she wonna hang with me.
But i'll spend it all in one day it ain't a thing to me.
In that bendo van ridin' out west brainin' me.
She told her whole crew Ty was bang bangin' me.
Chicago is my city yeah but mason thats my hood tho.
Trinna get me jumped on man i wish you wood ho.
Now im makin' songs about these niggas in the studio.
Playin' my shit up on they phone and plugged it in the radio.
She like the way i grab my dick now she wonna fuk me doe.
Smokin' on that green damn im feelin' like piccolo.
To me is halloween but ain't a muhfukin' scorpio.
You gone see sum thots with me every where i go.
They be showin' me love in the hood they call me folio.
I fuked that bitch every where her hair look like coolio.
50 my favorite rapper hope he sign me up to interscope.
Fuks with Beats By Dre fuks with SMS Audio.
Never talk to opps man fuk the CPD.
You think i care about these bitches they can catch me in the streets.
I'mma fukin' solider camouflage on me.
But ain't tappin' out intill my mission is complete.
Off the lean and im smokin' man it's all in my vain.
Feel like im goin' 100 bars and runnin' feelin' like the game.
She fuked the whole crew god damn thats a shame.
Whole time she a thot fukin' for the fame.
Long hair thick red bone from puerto rico.
These niggas lion ain't talkin' bout a leo.
Ridin' with a bad bitch tatted like amigos.
Bitch I'mma taurus and it time to get trio.
I kno that she thotin' but she keep sayin' she lovin' me.
Hand cuffs around my wasted now all these hoes shovin' me.
Gave her ass my # now she won't stop buggin' me.
Runnin' trains on her she say T-Y you conducting me.
Kezzy F and Dlo they will ride for me.
Call my homies tell em call they homie come slide on me.
Im bout to insane cuz these niggas done lied on me.
Call my manz up it bout to be a homicide homie.
Bendo behind a bendo man it's ova with.
Ridin' like safe auto just-in case thats who im beefin' with.
Silver and purple on call me freezer cuz im freezin' shit.
They treat me like tha army cuz i just keep achievin' shit.
Own save money thats why own fuk with geico.
All these niggas movin' out my way like a iso.
All my niggas posted on the coner like a light pole.
Link cards and them master cards i dnt swipe those.

