Hardcore (Yeah) Lyrics
by Viva Fidel.

Gigalo JG:.
Gigalo JG I gotta get it in.
Branded by the OGs my fraternity in the wind.
And I ain't gotta try to live out my raps nothing fabricated.
Inner city raised I get around the map.
The game came in one ear I let it settle in.
And now embedded in my skin with the melanin.
Great lake game spitta aiming for the top pillar.
My mental hot, double barrel with the crabs in'em.
Doin my damn thang, did'nt do the dope mane.
Drove down the driveway got double on the dope game.
Thats how you living when decisions have you moving fast.
And I decided on this here grind and countin' cash.
But ain't knockin' like I heard , hustle with a plan.
And be prepared cause every plan run into a jam.
And every friend ain't a friend when he facin' 10.
And hoes disappear when ya running low on ends.

Vivafidel:.
Wake up, wake up to win put myself in a better place.
No short cuts gotta keep a steady pace.
Breathe Deep, don't blink, can't think about sleep.
Stay focused on the finish line.
I know I'm gettin' mine.
Destined for greatness , no matter how much they hate this.
Read the signs , you can have heaven or hell.
Will this currency collapse?
Whats gone happen in 2012?
Time will tell , or Fidel will reveal.
I can barley pay attention trying to pay all these bills.
Listen, niggas keep it real but its really all relative.
And its all related, replayed and relived.
You get what you give but don't fuck up the rotation.
Thats the universal law.

Let ya thoughts flow, let ya self go.
Uplift the ghetto from the boombox perspective.
The world was watching when we was poppin &amp; lockin.
Now the elders is listening and our children paying attention.
And Hip Hop has just about replaced religion.....
Did I just say that?
They ain't gone play that....

Gigalo JG:.
No one really knows when 'illuminati' gone strike.
So free is how I'm living my life.
Never changing feeling like an ambassador for 414.
The way I love the 808 quake bang thru the floor.
I'm a guawp chasing monster on a track I spit my life.
I was down from the jump thats how I earned these stripes.
Who said the only thing they wanna hear is how to move white?
What about the ones graduated made it out doin right?
Only a 4th of yall dealers.
15% snitching.
40% square.
20 dead or in prison.
The hood outta control.
Its Poison like Michael Bivens.
The kids know Ieasha but don't know they 'ABC's'.
This is audio perspective my observation of things.
Tell me, when you get the green is it everything you dream?

Vivafidel:.
We gotta make the most out the time being.
Look at what I'm seeing.
Signs of serious things not to be neglected.
We gotta make sure that the fortress is protected.
Con artists and infiltrators desguised as friends.
Family keep it fake.
Everybody pretend.
When the lines is crossed, I chalk up my loss.
I don't have to floss, cause we paid the price, reflect the results , put some.
years on ya life.....
Past , present &amp; future all in one line.
Oh the places I've been to by the time that 16 thru.
Ohh, don't let me get started.
I need these beats to feed these streets.

Bring that feeling back fast forward past the foreplay.
We instantly build, instinct in the Murder Mil.
You don't say, cause nigga thats my job.
Substance and stamina they whippin out they cameras.
Upload my lifestyle - download my G-Files.
Catch me between clouds and you might see a smile....

Yea!

