Hate Me Lyrics
by Z-Mane.

King Henry Sample from Dial Tone.
Haters gonna hate but they ain't gonna hate me.
There's just gonna hate cause their girls wanna date me.
I had dreams of gettin' signed, so every time you hear me rhyme.
I guess you're just gonna get jealous every time.
Hey!

This a message for my haters!

King Henry Dial Tone  Sample.
Haters gonna hate but they ain't gonna hate me.
I've had dreams of getting signed, so every time you hear me rhyme.
So every time you hear me rhyme, get jealous every time.
Hey!

I guess these haters ain't get the message, they don't respect us.
I try not to worry bout 'em, but they just make me reckless.
Nigga, I'm restless, I'm up at 4 A.M. making breakfast.
Plotting how to kill these haters, ain't just gonna snatch they necklace.
Nigga, I'm crazy, yep, very loco, just ask Jimena.
Y'all can hate me if you wanna, but I'm gon' stay a winner.
Little bustas get busted on 'til the break of dawn.
Break a bone, take the throne, take his lady, make her moan.
All these haters talk and say all I can do is make a song.
All I go is rap and talk but all y'all niggas thinking wrong.
Yes, I'm only 17 but I can twist these niggas dreams.

I don't really care if you hate me or not.
But if you try and step up to me, then they're digging your plot.
So just stop and just accept the fact your girl wanna date me.
It's crazy how much all of these haters wanna hate me.

Niggas know that I'm just too cold with the flow, have them begging and asking.
for more.
Don't mess with me bro, the less that you know is the best way to go when.
you're sexing your ho.
She texting me, though, but I don't reply because I'm too fly to be that type.
of guy.
And I don't know why all these haters wanna hate me, but they can just get in.
line.
So vicious, I got the slick spit, I can put any hater on my hit list.
Aim right for the head, leave a nigga brain dead, yep, his cap, I split it.
Niggas jealous, you poor fellas need to stay off the cellular.
Haters gonna hate us but I bet that they'll never tell us.
In the cellar is where they be at when the twisters hit.
I'll poke these niggas eye out if they thinking that they're slick like Rick.
Hater, hater, go away or my niggas will start to spray.
I would say come back another day, but ain't no other day.
Haha, you niggas weak, I'll start calling y'all 7 days.
One hit to the dome and then you  a memory.
Only way I'll miss is if one of your friends is in the way.
But I ain't worried bout you niggas, so I'll pass to King Henry!

Haters gonna hate but I just say fuck 'em.
And every track that I make, yeah, you know the girls love 'em.
I got diamonds on my wrists and my neck stay shining.
And these niggas tryna be like us, who knows why they trying?
Man, I got all these haters but they're just motivation.
And I'm feeling so high, I could start levitating.
Boy, I'm high off life, I don't need no drugs.
I'm above all these niggas, I could squash 'em like a bug.
Yeah, collabing with the boy Z, yeah, you know who we be.
Repping R.G.O.D. 'til the day we D.I.E.
Show no mercy, kill 'em all, we'll do that 'til the day we fall.
24/7, we above all, we stay high, I don't know about y'all.
Haha, So Royal, that's how we are.
There ain't no need to compete cause we're the best by far.
You must be blinded because we are as bright as a star.
And all these haters hating cause I got some insane bars.

KING SHIT, NIGGA!

