Haters Gon Hate Lyrics
by 504 Boys.


When I pull up at the club in a big black 
Truck on dubs 
Cause, I'm doing big thangs and I got a lot of ice 
In. My chain 
When. I come through the door and take all the hoes 
I know: 
Cause, I'm playing with some chips, and I make a lot of hits. 
I know: 
, 
Curren $ y 
I, don't know if it's the Porsche or the Lamb that make these niggas 
Hate me like. I'M a member of the Klu Klux Klan 
I mean god, damn how much money I got in my hand. 
Really! Don'T concern you, man 
But. I know why you niggas boot me up 
Cause. I come through pushing brand new, Coupes and stuff 
You say you wan na shoot me up 
Because I got a pair of Jordans won't be out for at least two months. 
They call me Curren $ y, the Hot Spitter 
And, that's cause. I keep my money in stacks. 
I know they got hatas out to jack niggas 
So. That'S why I ride with my gat 
A Glock and a mask in the dash of the Jaguar and that's a X-K-8 
And. If you cross me, you'll die dog 
So. I advise y'all, please don't hate 
 
When, I walk in the club and the bitch 
Touching bread starts smiling 
When. I buy the bar hit the flo' just start. Wilding 
You feel that 
When them tires on the Navi. Just keep on spinning 
Look at that shit. Man 
In the club thugged out with my P. Miller, denim 
Nigga, see that 
 
Krazy 
With a high rich. I get I
still, remember the bad times, 
In the Ville rock hustling, with a loaded, nine 
All, the niggas said I'd, never make it be friends. Now 
All the dick-riders see this bitch take a while 
All the hoes that never liked me wan na fuck me 
I'll, two-way you for some head. You can trust me. 
It must be this tank or the shiny gold teeth. 
Make these hoes get wet everytime. I speak. 
These streets, I push weight silent, nigga 
Unless. You turn me into a violent nigga 
Smiling in my face nigga hate behind my back 
And. You wonder why these bitch, ass niggas get smacked 
No fear of the police. Only the feds 
Catch him snitch late night I'll bust. His head, 
No love for these hating niggas or the informants 
Ask bank, run about me. My account's enormous 
 
When, I'm walking through the mall I'm chilling with my dogs 
Or, my girl, 
I, don't even notice nigga. Why you spoke to this 
Nigga got a choke me. A hater, 
This 8 is beginning. This 8 
no gimmick 
This the New No Limit 
And. All the ladies love Choppa cause. They know 
He's such a poppa, but all 
 
Choppa 
Niggas gon na hate, no matter what you do, 
So, if you don't fuck with me, I don't fuck with you 
And. I could care less. Who did what, with who 
See? I love when you hate, so do what you do 
Rolaid I understand. That'S your crew, 
But them cats. Ain'T got no love for you, 
Y'all! Wonder why your careers and you died. 
Cause your songs, sound the same. Like you doing a lie, 
Don't wan na do nothing else, then shake the streets 
That's. Why? I'M glad big rap gave a dang to me. 
And, my nigga Master P gave the flame to me. 
Making hits after hits what it came to be 
Not, just a boss. Rapper but a hot m.c 
All them other niggas sound like me, think about it. 
I'M Choppa that Westbank show stopper 
If you sick of me, then nigga go see a doctor, 
 
When. I pull up at the club in a big black 
Truck on dubs 
When. I buy the bar hit the flo' just start. Wilding 
You feel that 
This 8 is beginning. This 8 no gimmick 
This the New, No Limit 
Cause, I'm playing with some chips, and I make a lot of hits. 
I know 
, 
