He Wantz It Lyrics
by Twisted G (aka Gangsta Fag).


See I was getting high with my boys one day, 
Just kicking back hanging out in L.A 
When. This dude drove by in this really funky Benz 
I could tell right away this motherfucker had AIDS. 
It was a White dude about 30-something 
He kept staring at me like he wanted something 
He pulled me over and he asked for directions. 
I saw his dick was hard, so I peeped his card. 
I said you're lying you. No, you ain't lost 
You want to suck my dick while I'm jacking you off 
And. He said, Oh, no, there must be a mistake. 
I got a wife and a kid, and I'm very, very straight 
So I said take my number and my name. 
You can call me up when you're sick of playing games 
As. I walked away yeah. I knew he would call 
Cause if you've seen one fag, then you've seen them all 
 
So. I knew that he'd be climbing the walls 
One week later and he finally called 
He said his families gone for a week or 2 
And. He was really bored and needed something to do. 
So I drove to his crib up in Beverly Hills, 
A bomb ass house worth a couple of mills. 
He said he wasn't gay. He just wanted to chat 
And a half hour later he's massaging my back 
In his wife room. He gave me some head 
When in the next room, fucked on his kid's bed, 
We fucked and we fucked, like bitches in heat, 
I, came on his face and all over the sheets. 
I knew. I was done when I started getting soft 
I grabbed the kid's toy, and I wiped my dick off 
He's lying on the bed still trying to recover 
I'm dressed and I'm out as my car burns, rubber, 
 
The dick was so good that he just couldn't pass Up 
So all that week, yeah I'm tearing that ass up 
Cause, he loves to ride em and he loves to suck em 
And. After I was done, I let my homeboys fuck em 
Now. His punk ass calls me every day, 
I told him we were through. Then he said he would pay 
So now twice a week, I'm getting paid to tap him. 
He laced me with the cash and the Visa Platinum. 
One month later, the cats out the bag 
Cause this motherfucker started dressing in drag. 
I did my thing now: I'm done with him 
It's time to cut him off, because I'm done with him 
He's crying like a bitch and he's starting to beg, 
He's falling on the ground. Holding onto my leg, 
He's screaming. Don'T leave please Twisted G 
But. This is what you get when you fuck with me: 
 
WE have a family and a son and life together, 
So just stay away from him. You SON OF A BITCH 
 
