Heads Or Tails Lyrics
by Unorthodocks.


I hang with wifey and chronic growers, sonic harvesters.
Hardest demonic flowers,.
atomic artist; keep articles laced.
Erase entire auras and leave particles your place.
Carve cartilage and make Scarborough tomorrow.
Articles crawl across headlines, cross hairs are placed.
On the face of the menace but a Moss-burg on your waist....
But a Moss-burg on your waist... Check it....

Boss hogging it cross country, what could the cost run me?
Couple plane tickets, some sticky when we kick it.
A kid to hold me down when I'm out of town, OT.
Like twenty bucks for stogies, stuck living off of hoagies.
Rogue homies roam aimless, toting chrome and stainless steel.
Homeless, not brainless, never new a painless meal.
Rainless land where white man let red blood stain his hands.
So I reside wherever my cadence land; Radiant vagabond.

Peel a Dutchie with my finger tips, a singer's lips clinging.
I bring in a grip slinging and dip when the flip's ringing.
Equipped with a wicked wit we'd equate to a whip stinging.
Sick of scnicklefritz nickel trips, he dips at the sixth inning.
Never stretching, keep it raw and pure; that's why A&amp;R's hate me.

Even homies on my dick for the way I'm saying bars lately.
Conspiracy theorists hear this and start rewinding.
Tryna find a line about the diamond in my army lining.
My style's unorthodox like Shawn Marion jumpers.
The pen does Arian numbers when it's running amuck.
Stuck at rock bottom like '03 Saddam Hussein.
These 2016 Hillary Rodhams rotting your brain.
Docks for President.

Excitedly pacing in grape, emerald J's with ivory lacing.
Vibrant coordination,.
violent subordination.
In a self important,.
whore supporting, war.
supporting nation.
I promised my Momma that I'd take it easy on the L's.
But I'm seventeen now and I said that when I was twelve.
But she won't really give a fuck if my record is on the shelf.
I keep my record clean and don't make an example of myself.
I'm hazardous to your health, I'm spazzing and it's for delf.
Leave chams and muscle spasms bedazzled above your belt.
Your ass isn't in it's element, tell 'em that it's in hell.
This is a felon selling melodies staying out of a cell.
I'm proud of a hell of alot of what I've done in the streets.
Rolling with a quarter-p without a gun in the seats.
Not so much of times I wish I had a double barrel shotty.
Shotty with shorty pushing pounds probably smuggled here in bodies.
Juggling hobbies so I obviously had to drop one.
Playing Russian Roulette with a double-barrel shot gun.
Heads or tails.

