Head Count Lyrics
by 67.

ASAP.
Dem man are other side I can't trust my cousin.
I will smoke opp on my fuckin' brothers, my mothers.
I got mad hate for dem under covers.
Tryna lock man up til mans 30 suttin'.
I got bagged of grub told the officer I weren't serving nuttin'.
Bare talk from dem bitch boys, when they see us they're cuttin'.
Chef man up on the main road you know Asap loves it.
Free young M he don't listen, he's so fuckin' stubborn.
I'm tryna go ham.
25 shot's in the mac, that's for your whole gang.
Skeng in the 4 door truck, I'm tryna go ham.
25 shot's in the mac, that's for your whole gang.

Monkey.
Fiddy shot don't play.
16 man are still OJ.
If it was not for the chro and yay.
Live J that's bro from day.
Live corn when I bang that tre.
In skengs we trust when I rise up suttin got dead up today.
Suttin got dead up today.
Why niggas adding that K.
Got 6 shots in that spin spin long, you don't wanna come my way.
In Felts got my man wrapped, all that we did was pay.
Made some next boy squat, wanted that pack that day.
Finessed that pack that day.
Role up smoke up where you stay.
Skengs out smoke him Skdrr, then I go chill with bae.
Take a trip to the 8 with gang.
Bro like where are they.
Take a trip to the 8 with gang.
Link CD and K.
You don't wanna get dip by dip dat on the back road it's cray.
Skeng can't fit in the pocket long chopper, look like a cane Fiddy Shot ?
guns that's why they betray.
Roll and smoke with gang, suttin got dead up today.
Suttin got dead up today.

LD.
\---- Got a shank by his arsehole.
Flip that shank mans face now he got shitface for actin a arsehole.
I wrap that box, smoke amn when I bust that parcel.
I'm a king in the 6, and the whole of Brixton my castle.
I mean the whole of south west my castle.
I got boxes of amn plus skengs on the block with gunners like Arsenal.
I ain't tryna go back jail man my Thameside days I was chillin with rascals.
Smokin all of the amn, done a whole load of road for the gang.
I smoke man in the face with a coat.
3 2 same size as a can.

Dimzy.
There's bells in the dots, there's crayons in the mop if you lack that's long.
When manaman turn up with the dots, I see man run, chip up and jaws.
Still OT with that white girl but this white girl ain't your average blonde.

Crash man down on the backroads speeding couldn't give a toss about humps.

Nuff amnesia in my rizla, rass that now manamans all slumped.
I do nuff road with the bros but I fly OT and I'm 2 packs up.
I remember young days those push bike days like 2 shanks up.
Get the job done with skengs in a 4 door truck it's a must.

