Head Turner Lyrics
by Yung Ro.


Come on mayn huuuh, head turner, 
Geah feel it. I turn motherfucking heads 
When, I walk in. I don't know about you. 
 
Swisha sweet burner big face earner: 
Boy I's a fucking head turner, 
 
Big, Pluck 
Swinging in the Benz swinging through the lot 
Fo' niggas in the back bout to punch the roof out, 
Getting crunk then thoed. Nobody through the do' 
Big Pluck I represent it. Bitch, you already know: 
Niggas get mad and wan na knock me like a do'. 
Nigga, don't get mad cause. A fat nigga took your hoe 
She's, not your dame, though she's your main hoe, 
I chunked the deuce and took your bitch to Shanango. 
Bitch turn your head. When you see a head turner, 
I got your bitch deep throating, sucking she's, a head turner, 
So I'ma go ahead and turn her into a freak. A head hunter 
I got her neck, her hair done on my nuts and my bed's gon na 
Break soon like boom. I got my camera on zoom 
Don't disturb me. I'M in my room, Yung Ro coming soon 
 
Yung, Ro 
Here. I am the one and only pimptastic, with tenderonies 
Got em regretting what they did compared to how long they know me my homie 
See. You can't clone me, you only wan na cut she lonely 
I fuck, her tell her to phone me. Then fuck em, my number's phony 
But. If I tell her to turn her head and I get a light turn up, 
I'm subject to might turn up and flip into Ike Turner, 
I'm, a head turner, big faces counting these heads turning 
Now these boppers heads turning smiling at me, my head turning 
Head burning Chest burning cause, I'm feeling this X 
Bitches looking for me in a Lac, but I'm still in a Lex 
I'm still with the Flex D. Black B. Booker ain't, late, 
We, reminiscing and listening to karaoke tapes. 
Life is great. I thank the Lord when I get out my bed 
Even hoes, who don't know me curious. Could I turn so many heads 
Like, who is he Yung Ro? Oh, that dude, that rhyme tight, 

baby, 
 
Sipp 
I'm a head turner, because these hoes love the whip? 
My game's a overdose and that's why hoes love the Sipp 
And boy I's a fly smooth, talking, goon, sparking 
These bops flock when they see me in the Platoon parking, 
They, see the car and think MJ. That'S just the shoes talking 
I'm on 23's, but look like the rims. Is moon, walking, 
My car's a tomboy bitch. She wears skirts and shoes 
But. If you touch her man, I'ma have to hurt you dudes 
Look, how they stare and shit. This is what I got. Ta bare, with 
She kissing on me, damn girl, you fucking up my velvet 
But she's on this one man thang, but can't get one man brain 
But. She know that I can fuck like a one man, train 
I know you going hard on me want my dicks and air 
But. Your job is done. Ma now go fix. Your hair 
This is for my thugs who let they bumper drag down the break. 
You ain't got no candy on your car, that's a flag on the plate, 
 
L., Dogg 
Well. I jump out the six grinning hating niggas can't stand it 
I'm in a car that look like something that came from a different planet. 
I got a jet. That gets me to L.A. in twelve minutes. 
And I'm young, but got money long as a rapist, jail sentence. 
You can call me the hardest: the rap game, land, lord 
Them boys, rapping bout Jags, but driving'92 Fords 
And, I'm the head. Turning y'all boys ain't messing with me, 
I'm getting Paid In Full y'all making cents like 50 
And. I dare y'all to label me as a commercial rapper 
Piss my little ass off and I bet you. I hurt a rapper 
Shotgun in the trunk 22 under the seat. 
And Sprewells on the Benz 22's under the Jeep 
And, I'm the rawest nigga rapping on these underground tapes, 
I'm trying to handle more weight and put candles on a cake 
And. I turn heads with the big heads I earn 
Just call me neck and shoulders cause. I'M the reason heads turn 
 
