Hearts Up Lyrics
by NuLOVE.


Let me talk about something that's important to you: 
You selling, weed! That'S the reason why your Jordan's are new 
You know you ain't perfect, but shit you're like that on purpose. 
And, you don't call women hoes unless they fucking deserve it 
But to you most of them. Do in which I agree: 
Cause geez, these H-O-E-S really be eyeing. Me 
You had your third eye closed. Well, its finally time to see 
You soft niggas, grippin' iron, I'm seeing the irony 
I'm feeling super 
Doing, dumb numbers on you. I need a tutor 
Spending, every nickel and dime like fuck, a future. 
If. She ain't cool with nuLOVE. I throw the two up 
Who up this late. I was prolly a mistake: 
Sexual display pelvic thrust, her hips brake 
Damn, I'm in my zone, getting gone. Call that burglary 
Ride around the town in this broken down. Mercury 
Girl just have some courtesy like who am I 
If. You knew this life. You would've committed suicide. 
You would've committed suicide 
If. You knew this life. You would've committed suicide 
Stare into the eyes of a nigga on the come up, 
Be a witness to my story, I'm a victim to the glory 
Now Imma empty outta, forty 
For, all my niggas that won't live to see their forties. 
Your status said that you ball hard 
Next day, seen your dumbass in the back of a squad, car 
Oh, but I forgot you really'bout - that life and shit 
Naw, my nigga, you just ruining your life and shit, 
But Imma, let it be cause. I ain't the one to preach 
You niggas out here in these fucking streets, 
You can't change the ghetto. The ghetto will change. You 
Have you ever witness angels and demons in the same room. 
You ever play a game of cards and your hand. Change suits 
Like, a white man, change suits And your chain hang low. 
And that girl about to blow like Kurt Cobaines brains, go 
You tryna get a taste of fame. I want my name stained gold 
Girly I'll blow your mind. Surely we on the grind? 
What, you think, is the reason that we putting in overtime 
Don't, keep it on the DL. My shit is up for DL 
All, my niggas and the females. I wan na see you all 
 
Throw, your mother, fucking hearts up in the sky. If you can feel it 
Throw your mother, fucking hearts up in the sky, if you can feel it 
Throw your hearts up in the sky, if you can feel it 
Throw your hearts up in the sky, if you can feel it 
Boycott nuLOVE 
Thats what it is! 
Thats, what it is
 
