Heated Lyrics
by Twisted Artistics.

Yo, what you doing?
Take it easy, man.
Relax, it's cool.

I recognized this cat with his face all twiched up.
Involved in some kind of mix up, straight brawling acting  a big-shot.
We used to go to the same crib, he'd be in the corner.
Struck me as a strange kid. if he was asking me for the.
Time I couldn't even tell, he didn't speak norwegian well.
I didn't know what to make of him, wasted, dancing with himself.
I came to know him better, we had a lot of fun together.
But of course good times like that can never last forever.
Now I spotted him in the street, apparently on.
Heavy chemicals. probably just for staring him wrong.
Getting at this dude. Dude wanted no trouble.
I knew how quickly blood could leak out of bodies and form whole puddles.
Next thing I knew, he and some dumb brute swung.
Pounding his face, two-to-one. Dude's down for counting, gazing over.
I began running, stepping on red concrete.
Kept 'em from jumping on his head while he still had some teeth.

You can't surrender to your temper.
anger's got you not thinking straight.
need to count to ten, what.
Put your self discipline in practice.
It takes a cool head to put things in perspective.

Index-finger to the chest when questioning his best friend.
Trespassing on that rule he passed among his brethren.
Dissapointed to the point  he'dd like to swing a fist to.
The chin of the scum who gave drugs to his sister.
Shaking with anger, wilding out, yelling in the street.
Demanding answers as to why he gave her LSD.
Talking 'bout how mad he is and 'bout the malice he.
gonna bring upon him for contributing in her fallacy.
I've seen him often with a blue tongue.
He's far from no angel himself, but her; she was too young.
Iguess, he thought, to follow in his footsteps.
Too young for regrets from booze, drugs and cheap sex.
I told him: I know you love your little sister, but cool off a little.
If you shove his teeth all out of place, what does it settle?
Our own mistakes and weaknesses, they have an ominous.
Way of increasing in the lives of those looking up to us.

My dawg's got a habit, that's why he came to your crib.
came to me like: I can't believe the brains on this kid!
You used to party-rap, I came to your show once.
You got on stage and spat for practically no one.
seems all unreal looking back, how.
My dawg's telling me that you're cooking crack now?!
So you got your bulletproof vest, your sawed-off-shotgun.
Day to day, living ruthless, straight getting your drug on.
So your a solider, life on the line, pride galore.
get it. I just can't figure out what cause you're fighting for.
Is it the cash-money? the rush? are you tired of living?
Or have you just got a thing for these scrawny women?
Look man, I wish you well. I really do, kid.
I just can't help thinking that you must be really stupid.
Pluss I oughta smack you for offering crack to my man.
That just don't fly. you oughta know that like the back of your hand.

