Hello
by Swerve & SYG.

Radio Scramble.

Swerve &amp; SYG, back again, cold winters &amp; warm whiskey 2...

..and the winter's here now.
Energy in us, slows to a simmer.. grab those that are close.
Cause we in this together, vibrations move to the center.
Find that somebody to settle with, and let your left brain start to meddle.
with the melody's, celebrate to celebrate, you can feel it settled in.
Outside is bone chillin cold, come inside to a wood fire, food still cookin on.
the stove, whiskey on deck, take another swig &amp; feel it your soul.
Serve it hot, not cold.. something I picked up out of a book about Europe.
Probably leave in the spring, follow the current.
Soon as the summer comes, I got a lot to see when the money comes.
Can't stop something if that something is where love is from, not when its.
pure, whats done is done.. for now we gotta map it out, and gotta find some.
funds to make it happen and I can imagine now, takin' a ship across the.
atlantic, to walkin' across barcelona, backpacking' across spain, and stop in.
Portugal.
And smoke a blunt on a beach with a people i've never seen before.
A sunset thats but a dream to me, but to them it's the normal.
Now think of the friends that we could meet if the world was borderless.
In a borderless worlds war's a myth, and I know there's more to this but.. for.
now.. lets just vibe, vibe to the beat.. let just all get in sync, so, vibe to.
the beat now… let all get in sync now...
Smoking, like hello irene ma.
Spittin' on my heat rock, sippin' some, mellow my steez.
Bumpin that D-Rock, Melodeez, like.. Melodeez nuts!

Radio Scramble.

Every time, I open my eyes, I see a new world, that's changing everyday ,.
every time I open my eyes, I see a new world , and it's a beautiful thing…
I'm lovin' my life, I'm lovin my life, I lovin' it,  if you're bringing me.
negativity, well i'll tell  you where to shove it yo, i'll tell you what kid,.
fuck it, toughen  up a bit and suffer, try and suck it up a bit  and quit.
fussing… cause I know that this life can be hard you can have a look and see.
the size of  each scar and read me like a book onto a T, and find out who I.
be, but lately i've been  changing the views that I see..cause.
Every time, I open my eyes, I see a new world, that's changing every day.
every time, I open my eyes, I see a new world, and its a wonderful  thing.
Just give me a mic, and give me a woman that's  some what alike,  a similar.
type, to cuddle and bite, and tussle and fight, with every night, i miss it,.
oh do I miss it, from blowing a kiss  to the blowing up friction, then go in.
the kitchen  and throwin them fists in my face,  but I don't wanna fight.
anymore,  go ahead and leave and leave me left  with these scars  but really.
pretty baby could it be? the end  of you and me? well luckily there's  plenty.
more pussy to see….yeah…
Every time, I open my eyes, I see a new world, that's changing everyday.
everytime, I open my eyes, I see a new world, and it's a beautiful thing…

Radio Scramble.

