Hellraizer Lyrics
by X-Raided  (a.k.a. Nefarious).


Cash was on my mind at an early age growin up too fast.
Looking out for ways to stay paid.
God bless the child that has his own I was told.
So every single day the dope was sold.
I never liked school cuz this shit was never real for me.
I rather hang out with niggas that was down to kill for me.
Never stood still long enough to have stability.
Never took advantage of my athletic abilities.
Only way up out the ghetto for a black man.
Is to either play a sport know how to sing, rap, or dance.
The only other option is to join a gang or slang yola.
Hanging out with the other high rollas trying to get your pockets swoll.
Look at the competition, the mission is to get rich.
As quick as possible and turn your cash legit.
But the you make could be your last.
You'll always have the jackers and crackers out to bust your ass.
So don't be slipping.
Living the life styles of the rich and famous.
I keep my hands clean staying blameless it's scandalous but I'm shameless.
All I want to do is stack the cream.
Ever since I was a little nigga that was my dream.

Pants been sagging ever since I was a seventh grader.
Pocket full of rocks and a Sky pager.
A nigga had dreams of coming up major.
Nothing but a little ass hellraizer.
Been sagging ever since I was a seventh grader.
Pocket full of rocks and a Sky pager.
A nigga had dreams of coming up major.
Nothing but a little ass hellraizer.

Fucced around and caught my homegirl ovulatin.
Threw a cold twist on the whole situation.
Now I got to figure out a way to break the Genius.
World record for makin cash.
Cuz now I got a baby in my business.
Call up the essay.
Go down to Toccton say.
Throw it on the scale.
1000 grams is what it weighs.
Getting 10 g's cuz he shows me love.
Mucho gracias senior.
Adios, and then I'm up out the door.
It's bacc to Sac, time to make the paper stacc.
Standin in the kitchen, palms itchin cookin up the chiccen.
11-3-51 narcotic.
85% pure product, let it rocc up.
My stoccs up a grip.
600 buccs a zip.
Fucced up and slipped and the taskforce dipped.
Caught a young nigga with a quarter pound of D.
Got a deal for 3, entered a guilty plead.
Now I'm in the Pen stressed out San Quinten.
Lady bout to have a nigga baby any minute.
32 months I got to do.
Then I'll be bacc on the streets with my crew, thought cha knew.

Fresh out Pen once again on the loose.
My lady had my baby and she's already duce.
Bacc in the hood and ain't a damn thang change.
All the same niggas stugglin tryin to survive in the game.
I got to get mine but is landmines in the streets.
Take the wrong move and get swept off your feet.
My baby got to eat and I'mma provide.
Even if I got to ride or die.
I ain't down with minimum wage so mutha fucc a 9 to 5.
I'm duccin the cops like Marco Polo.
My tightest dog died when I was a mobile.

Loco in the membrane never been tamed and never will be.
And I'm hustlin to the day a nigga kills me.

