Hemingway Lyrics
by TyC // 95 KiD.


Flying like Manta Rays in animes.
Brunetti, that was the tip here's the rest of my dick.
Giant Marlin is thralling up on the upper deck.
Caught a sec‘ to listen up a minute.
\- Check it – Dig it.
Like quarter Rex, a quarter mess.
Just a quarter mile away from your daughter's nest.
Rest is extraterestrial, Incest of something nasty.
Desicions that dun brought me here.
Experiment went badly.
Y'all don't get my fucking lingue.
My tongue numb though.
Cause every word I‘ve sung.
Was a smite on the Son of jungle.
Killin‘ these cats, I call it my cat cradle.
Fuck your stable mind nigga, I'm grinding.
In on my grinder ring sticky finger sticks a bitch named Mary J.
No Blige, ain't no courage, to just cross her off a single day.
Shou‘ never lie, a thousand miles like.
Shaolin who Devour smoke, I'll see you in an hour folks!

This is Ernest Hemingway...
Telling you niggas to cut off your fucking arm.
Like the charm of a big head of a marlin.
Death of large assault of spartans.
Who treaded with caution.
\- Justify through our eyes, but shou‘ never lie.

In the deep, that fucking Marlin is making me weak.
The boat creeks, I really need something to eat.
But it's been since a week on the bait.
3 weeks since I have ate.
Yo fuck your food stamps I see a.
Big ass fish on my plate.
The poison, Joy for a Poissons.
\- Never had a croissant.
Flamboyant, flambés en entrées, its a passiôn, please.
Its boiling, the fucking tension to get it out with ease.
I feel a Summer Breeze, thinking of my wife and daughter.
This fucking bitch is my only chance for food by water.
I slaughtered all of our animals like a predator.
Cuttin‘ em‘like an editor.
Gutted em‘ with machetes for cheddah.
I ate em‘ later, but didn't like the flavor.

This is Ernest Hemingway...
Telling you niggas to cut off your fucking arm.
Like the charm of a big head of a marlin.
Death of large assault of spartans.
Who treaded with caution.
\- Justify through our eyes, but shou‘ never lie.

Through the ghost of a higher author I speak.
Weak, comprehension of the inner mind is pityful.
I pull the string, I pray to god for a miracle.
And even though I'm just a man with nothing but a wish.
To stay man, in a boat, pulling on a fish.
Till I'm home, and I see, the damn sharks ate my fish.
Damn, this fucking booze got me Hemingway.
\- Anyway..? -- My hemming's way too loose to represent a Denim.
From ages back like Lenin‘s, crazy stans like Lennon's.
Everyday there lemons, and everyday there peaches.
But that's been a fact ever since you were a fetus.
Representing the Z, yo please Check the sequence.

This is Ernest Hemingway...
Telling you niggas to cut off your fucking arm.
Like the charm of a big head of a marlin.
Death of large assault of spartans.
Who treaded with caution.
\- Justify through our eyes, but shou‘ never lie..

Telling you niggas to cut off your fucking arm.
Like the charm of a...

