Herb Shuttles Lyrics
by The Underachievers.


One mic in the mothafuckin' studio, 
Spit gold, when a nigga hit this flow 
You sink. We float no heathens on my boat 
Sour diesel when I hit good smoke 
Guided by the light. Nigga keep your dark 
Third eye sharp like a mothafuckin' hawk 
Heart stay mellow like a fuckin' meadowlark 
Better play smart before you get eatin' by sharks, nigga 
 
Enter, the game know. What'S up 
Little bit of fame little bit of drugs. 
Shawty see the chain same night. In her guts, 
We don't play UA
that's us 
Smoking, sensi high
sensei in your membrane, 
Men slay everyday for the means of justice, trust it 
Be. The reason why I say Fuck this Fuck, This 
Elevate my mind: I'mma push it 
 
Ok, I'm smoking up on my herb shuttles. 
Elevated nigga, that's the motto: 
Floating up a nigga live full throttle, 
That, pink moscato. She drink the bottle. 
Knowledge nigga crown the kings 
Got the wisdom from the light, like Socrates, 
You ain't about that life, nigga drop to your knees, 
In the presence of mothafuckin' legend. My G 
 
G, I'm a legend. My G 
Reefer blowin' sour diesel, potent 
Got my 3 eyes open Pineal gland is swollen 
Astral Planes, I'm floatin' Goddammit, I'm free 
I, be GOD please, you are not in my league 
Got the spirit of asata honor. I be gavel. Free 
Battle scars in my bars red star, I'm elite, 
UA elevate, feel the mark of the beast 
 
Herb shuttles, I'm gettin' high 
In, the solar nigga fuck, the skies 
Beast Coast. We on the rise, 
We resurrected from out your mind, 
Nigga from out your mind, 
Mothafuckas think they good cause. They livin' lies 
Oh. Oh you livin' lies 
But. We killin' these niggas. We ain't even trying 
Bow down to the pharaoh. 
Only got time for that. Good shit and my cashflow 
UA niggas save souls 
Mix the dream with the mothafuckin' hash, so it burn slow, 
Kick back counting pesos 
Do my mind a little different, so my mothafuckin' brain grow 
Two L's. When I take off 
You ain't about that life. Get your mind up times up: 
Elevate you lil' niggas, hella fake 
I'm, on my shit like toilets, 
UA gang banging shit like chip, throwing tantrums 
Motherfuckers, can't hang with us 
Enlighten like thunder and rain 
Fuck America New World freedom reign 
Enlighten like thunder, and rain 
Fuck America.. 
 
This that indigo anthem 
Fly like passports, no randoms 
Searchin' for that purpose, merge with 
A little bit of piece of mind on this earth. Bitch 
Earth shift of a kind esoteric tattoos, 
Mad jewels cash rules, nothing to the blind 
I'm on another plateau. Camels get the cash ghost 
How. I rose Derrick in his prime 
Climb to the top of a mountain top of your dreams. Chop-Chop 
Then, you find a fountain of gleam fear, not 
You. Don'T need a pocket of green 
Just, the gold in your heart and your eyes Supreme King 
Like J's, beat game and receive ring 
Metaphor for the lord and I'mma deploy 
Trap jaws on the holy Cross, 
Lights stream nigga all aboard the world's yours 
So. I puff the herb to levitate 
Living my life, a God. I got faith 
Y'all nigga faker than making your own bait 
Flatbush Beast
Coast nigga all day, 
All about peace and love, of course, knowledge 
Spreadin', they own peace. They lovin' it cause, I'm God sent 
Ever. Since a kid, I was never one to gossip 
So watch how you talkin', when you talkin' to them prophets nigga.
 
