Hero Lyrics
by Punsy.


When, it's rappin' time I'll grab this mic thing to smash your spine
And black, your eyes, til. You can't see me like Mr. Fantastic's wife
I'm johnny storm, so don't assume that Have the torch
I'll smack you back and forth. So what are you acting fantastic for 
My demand? Is you find a plan and just try again
I fight with fire hands that'll blaze from the palms like Iron man's
I, have enough power capacity to fry the lands
Destroy, the skies and sands, and evaporate every guy that stands
I'll drop from the ceiling like spider man, punch, into
Your, diaphragm And beat you til you'll, never wan na rhyme, again
Like Thor I'll smack you with a huge hammer, then I'll
Rip you out of your clothes in a rude manner like Bruce Banner
Unstoppable war, machine firing, rockets
Pulling eyes out of sockets of the wackest rappers and snatching their profits
I've pondered. An action to conquer this rappin'
Call up Doctor Manhatten and blow all your asses right off of the atlus
I damage, guys with the blade, like I'm silver samurai
If. There'S a demand to fight I'm not leaving a man alive
With enough force in my hand, applied. I can take a clan
Of guys out with one swing in seconds span of time
More weapons than Cable to wreak Havoc for five blocks
You, better find cops or you'll be seeing red like Cyclops
My storm will bring about an ambient fog. So you can't see
At all And slice you with my adamantium claws
With those said tools, i'll spread doom and shred fools
Throw a hundred bodies in the water and make a Deadpool
You sucky geeks can't run with me or my justice. League
You. Don'T have the guts to see any one from this rugged. Team
I'M a beast boy: the critics are ravin'
Other, rappers were hatin', so I came in like Robin and slayed them
My starfire, a blazin' not hard to find. I'M amazin'
You guys are like cyborgs waitin' for crucial parts to be placed in
 ... I profess to X, men
I run this class., I'm Professor X, then
 .... Would you believe that I'm the juggernaut that wrecks mics 
You will meet an angel? When I give you, ladies death? Strikes
The mystique of my grooves is the proof my rhymes slaughter
Beat em black and blue til. They poof like night crawler
You bitin' lines I was told, and it makes me want to beat you up
You're kinda, like that girl, rogue, cuz you're taking other people's stuff
 ..., The multi man, that's harder, then emma frost is
You'll need ice man after taking these cold losses
Think you're An ace i'll light you up like gambit
This man's sick, bringing apocalypse to this planet
All I hear is blah blah blah. When you guys come to me
My claws are piercing all y'all broads times 23
 ... Did you get it? Well
My flow is like those robots. Opponents will be sent an L
 .... The killer, with the gift of the pun, is sure
To rule the game with an iron fist and run the earth
In. A flash like I'm super man trying to crush a perp

A sentry of onslaught by a backbacker
My list, reads: kill wack rappers. task, mastered
 ..., Talking crazy, gets you capped in america
 ..., even with the sheild You'll, get massacred. Check it son
Even with the S.H.E.I.L.D, The organization 
You. Really need to hear all these words where I place'em 
The vulture, that's Cravin' for dope rhymers
Some spit venom, but mainly through ghost writers
 ... watch men., The carnage is bout, be start when
This brainiac creates a doomsday of darkness
An endless abyss. I'll. Send you to hell boy
Where. You can meet spawn., I bid you farewell. Boy
 ... I'll bruise Wayne in a hard fight
Knock him unconscious and leave him in the dark. Night
Wing can't see me either he will die. Today
I'Ll toss him off a building just to see if he will fly away
 ... I'll face two face face to face
Til. I break his face and scrape his face with a razor blade
I'll, stomp penguin and his boys with my feet
 ... And if he survives he'll get a poison, IV
 .... I know I'm cold at these written schemes
I love. Writing .... But honestly I miss the frees
Stan lee's pen. No one around can defeat. Me
People marvel at my image from cali to Dc
 
