Hey Pat
by ZOOpfish.


Ok so going off the dome cause that's that suicide in Syracuse.
Yes Ill fuck and chuck but honey I won't ever marry you.
Took her back to her place put a sock up on the door.
Now her Roommate outside yelling why'd you lock the fucking door.
She was gon leave us alone until she heard my name moaned.
And now she busting out her key and then she busting through the door.

She said oh, took off her clothes, and then you know I fucked em both.
Cause the styles on point, pun, I got it all at target.
Cheaper but look cleaner than Mr. Miyagi's car is.
Stunt on a bargain, Blunt go n spark it.
Money go to fun when it ain't spent at the market.
Now exes sending texts and saying hey I want you back pat.
Yeah right. I ain't got time for that crap.
I just got the time to lay her on her back flat.
And double up the condoms.
Better yet a Hazmat.
Then get higher than Mariah when she sing before the jingle bells.
Like I scored scores of snort from the tinker bell.
I just ask if you bring it better bring it well.
Cause you know if I take your ting then she don't need to tell.
Don't tell em, don't tell em.
Chewing on that peanut butter, hoes so jelly.
PB well she, didn't tell me.
But quick to spread her legs.
For the bread might as well be.
Minute she be tweeting grand that she need a man.
I fly away and never the name is Peter Pan.
And If I'm Peter Pan then these my motherfucking lost boys.
You ain't high all the time? Fucking get lost boy.
Get lost, chance the rapper voice.
They at a loss, the Mad Patters back at it boy.
Orange juice and Adderall in the attic boy.
Highly concentrated.
Jokes aside, Your sparsely headaches aside.
I'm Harley ready to ride.
You must be Ready To Die.
No biggie, It's just that I.
Lyrically bust in eyes.
Hear it coming or not.
The fear in you is alive.
Now let it drop, let It drop.
This the type of shit me and my friends do every night.
Just get super high and then they tell me spit some rhymes.
What's your name? We haven't met. Oh me? Me I'm sublime.
Then rhyme her name with something do it twice if she's a dime.
Then she be amazed how come you don't ever write P.
Oohh I think she like me, ooh I think she like me.
Can you put this on a playlist? I really really like it.
Are you ever gone be famous? Bitch I might be.
Bitch I might be, bitch I might. shit.
Try to serve me best believe that imma spike it.
Throwing out the offer know she gonna ride it.
I'd make a dike chick like dick after I hit.
Shit that was offensive, never meant it. Spit deliriously.
She was kinda shocked but then still looking at me curiously.
She said what are you? I said a rapper. She said seriously.
I said kinda sorta we don't take ourselves to seriously.
I'm not really trying to do something with significance.
Bottom line, there needs to be a voice for college ignorance.
If you're a little spiteful, that these dudes ain't insightful.
Then get up off your high horse remember we're just kids again.

Z-O-O.
Yo here we go.
I don't need no hoe.
Telling me you can't flow.

It be Dollar Billiam and you know I'm bout to kill I'm.
Dr evil type of villain.
Pinky up I want a million.
Pinky up I want a billion.
Pinky up I want a trillion.
Said my name is dollar billiam.
Pinky up I want a zillion.

Z-O-O.
Yo here we go.
I said Z-O-O.
Yo here we go.
Credits.

