Hieroglyphics vs. Hobo Junction Freestyle Battle Lyrics
by Sway & King Tech.

Casual of Hieroglyphics.
Saafir the saucy nomad.
I'm the boss we know that.
Cas' is on the mic to let you know.
No, I'm not waitin' up.
Cause emcees is gettin' eaten up.
And niggas wanna get beaten up.
If they wanna take it to that.
But I be makin' the rap.
To slice and dice the wack men.
Casual attackin'.
Ya know.
When the Hiero flow we go.
In-side of your heart and rip it apart.
Do-in' it like that, me and Pep Lover.
No other nigga can step up.
I'm wreckin' the microphone to let you know.
I got a flow and nigga you wack.
So step the F- back.

Dispersed in the bass.
Lettin' ya know Casual will flow Saafir ya hear.
The way I'm comin' at you.
You're wack, do you wanna practice.
The mackest.
On the motherfucking microphone tellin' you.
You never will sell when you not with me.
Cause it's the Hiero crew.
And that's how we do.
Kick a style if you can.
Off the head cause I'm the man.
Casual flow grand.
And you bland.
I'm on the mic to rip it up like that.
So kick your written rap.
Kick the written rap.

Saafir of Hobo Junction.
Oh with the written.
Here I come, uh, with the mitten.
Nigga did your mamma tell you that you was my son?
When I am done your ass will run.
Like a stocking.
Nigga you a carbon copy, you started sloppy.
I'm one hundred percent concentrated on.
Easing nooses around the necks of these tricks.
Insects with vagina lips.
Your spinal will grip.
Paralysis, if I remember correctly.
You said 'Fuck the Westside'.
Oh, but now you gotta ride.
Come clean with dirt.
But then again a hoe can't come clean.
Through miniskirts I'm a insert.
Depositories in them stories that don't stick.
Nigga I got chapters.
I got flypapers.
Nigga you one story I'm a skyscraper.
You scary-ass secretary.
I'm a check this receptionist anus like a boss.
Players in the game don't change exteriors.
Nigga you ain't serious, you off and on like a period.
Back up- I ride 'til the wheels fall off.
I ride 'til the wheels fall off.
Your heels are fallin' off.
I'm gonna make them toes touch down in The Town.
On thirty-seventh, nigga.
Right where you at.
Right where the mack's supposed to be.
You need to bounce because you're never like, uh.
Never- You shoulda never came close to me.
You're in my sector.
I'm a step to ya with uh-.
The wet shit, oh shit, I don't even have to-.
Nigga, go, nigga, go, go, go.

Casual of Hieroglyphics.
Casual is on the mic, I mic wreck supreme.
When I hop on the mic you know I dominate.
Yes this rhyme is great.
Saafir, you ain't doin' nothin'.
You butt.
When you rap you a sap and you know that.
Your flow is skinny, you're not phat.
I hop on the mic rollin' with Mini from the Eastern O.
I got the beast inside it.
I ride with my folks.
Your folks a joke.
And the whole Hobo Junction can't rock a function.
I hop on the mic eatin' you for lunch and.
When I do it.
Emcees will hop to it.
Y'all niggas wack.
Go write some more raps.
I'm cappin' on it.
Doin' it like I need to, Casual exceeds you.
Go grow some weed, huh.
So you can get as dapper as me, the rapper can be.
Casual, the master soul.
Your ass best go.
To a rappin' school because I'm slappin' fools who don't know.
That's how it's goin', I'm showin', the wack I attack.
Off the top of the dome.
You gonna go home feelin' sad.
Probably gone play some Madden.
Emcees don't know Casual is phat and.
I ain't cursin'.

Saafir of Hobo Junction.
Oh I'm cursin', I'm cursin', of course I'm cursin'.
I got hearse an-.
Everything for you boy.
Check this out, hey you a female turned male.
Hey, you the type of nigga that will pull your draws down on stage, Tajai.
Cut out his vagina for that tell.
Tucked between the cuts cause you got no nuts.
You can't even sell dope right.
Nigga, you can't even sell dope right.
You sell for, uh, dykes.
What part of the Eastside you from, on the real though?
On the real, though?
What part of the Eastside you from, you wanna freeze blocks.
You don't get props because you spend five hundred at a weed spot.
Nigga at a weed spot.
Nigga are you all from the Grass Valley.
You're all from Grass Valley.
You cute ass new booties ain't never seen the ass of Malis.
I'll swing my shit in your front yard.
You be frontin' hard and it's felt.
Nigga you buy garter belts.
I'm a pull that card you dealt.
Nigga ya nothin' but a joker, a snorter.
A teenage hoe playin' strip poker.
I'm a strip that ass buck naked.
You never had it raw until you seen a record.
Boy, you don't know about this.
Pimp, player, you need to get back.
So you can uh, get with this phat rap.
I got a hearin' aid so you can hear the flow.
I bring the flavor like lemonade you little hoe.
Recognize, you don't utilize the intellect.
I'm clarifying with examples that.
You a punk.
Nigga your whole crew will try to sue in some funk.
You don't even know how to roll.
Wait a minute, wait a minute, you ain't got no pros.
So what is this?
Another Hieroglyphics scribbling that' dribbling from them vagina lips.
Your spinal will grip them things.
Hey, hey, you better peep game.
You're cuttin', you're catchin' a dome call.
Nigga, I'm a have you climbin' these walls like a poster.
All I see is a forefinger and a thumb in your holster.
You never got down, you never let off a shot.
You need to back up and race your ass back to eight-deuce block.

Casual of Hieroglyphics.
Saafir, I know you fear of me cause I'm Cas.
Look at me in my eyes, I'm a beat that ass.
When I hop on the mic you despise my flow.
Because I'm wiser so, yous losin'.
Hiero cruisin'.
The Oakland town, I'm smokin' you down.
Cause you ain't knowin' how I be flowin'.
When I'm on the microphone.
Y'all jokes, you can't bust none.
Casual is the man, you must know.
That I bust flow.
And you wack I attack niggas like you.
Because I'm rollin' with the Hi-crew.
And all my folks, you all some jokes.
When we do this I'm the newest.
And I am rippin' up the microphone lettin' you know you're wack.
It's goin' like that, Saafir, you ain't a mack.
You know I'm rollin' with a busta.

But I ain't really trippin' cause that's how it went.
Casual is on the mic I'm gonna represent.
The Eastside.
When we ride.
We're gonna do it correct- Respect these, yeah.
I grab the microphone and be a vet with ease.
Because we do it correctly.
You best to be outta here.
Because you're doubtin', Saafir.
Is a real rapper, but I still slap ya.
Cause you cannot flow and I got to go.
On and on and on Casual's your woe.
When I do it, you know I got the fluid.
Niggas can't hop to it like I do it.
Cause I'm the master.
All my folks is chillin' in the lobby.
Cas will let you know.
You will not ride me.
Like you're sayin'.
Because you're displayin' some faulty shit.
You're stuck in Menace.
But your luck is finished.
Cause I'm killin' you, lettin' you know I'm fillin' you.
So take that wack shit back.

Saafir of Hobo Junction.
You don't even own a microphone.
Your blood owns no bones.
I'm holdin', uh, special ed classes.
Teachin' cowards how to wipe them asses.
You the type of nigga that lock the door when you pissin'.
Because when you're pissin' you really look that you're shittin'.
You're talkative, I'll give you that.
I'll give you that.
But, uh, you talk like a cat.
On the twenty-eighth day, period.
I'll neuter your future.
You don't- You don't know- You.
I'm the one to which one turns for help in desperation in some funk.
Like A-Plus did in DNA Club like a lady.
You gone spend three hundred on a three-eighty?
Stupid ass nigga, you not phat.
You don't belong with a gat, you belong with a mack.
Join our crew, we'll call you phat cock.
You can bring me my jock draws, mascot.
Hey, you don't know.
Where's my lunch? I'm having a sucker for supper.
Suckling sap, tap water flower.
I be beyond like Evian.
Tell Tajai to get out your ear.
Nigga, come jump on my dick, my name is Saafir.
Come bring me my nameplate, nigga your game is fake.
You a mark, you pulled your shit down on stage.
Nigga, I seen shit drippin' out that little booty.
Yeast infection in that section.
Hey, come fuck with me.
Come fuck with me.

Tajai of Souls of Mischief &amp; Hieroglyphics.
Saafir, Saafir.
You's a bitch.
Always talkin' 'bout that shit.
You from Fresno hollerin' 'bout Westside O.
You not from two-fo'.
Don't nobody from Westside know who you are.
My name is Tajai and I am a star.
How many units have you moved in your lifetime?
About three, you get booed whenever the.
Show is in the Eastside O.
Or even the West Coast, no you do not flow.
On beat, it go one, two, three, four.
You see how the snare clap? That's where you're supposed to drop the flow.
But no, you don't even understand that.
You sound like a white boy on crack.
Not to diss the white race cause that.
Type of people even flow better than you.
You hella wack, you're from the Hobo Junction crew.
I feel sorry for you mayne.
You don't got no cash.
You got a pissy house cat, a pissy ass couch.
A dirty ass mattress.
You asked me for some mail f- for rhymin'.
Back in the day, back this is.
Way back when.
You had them glow in the dark sole shoes.
They was clear, too.
This is the truth, you used to be a dancer.
Poke used to have a Jheri curl on the top.
He was a prancer.
Had it sectioned off, like he was gettin' dreadlocks.
But you can not have knots.
And a perm at the same time.
My rhyme, is the bestest.
West Coast, who wanna represent the Westest?
Tajai, shut the fuck up.
I gotta drop it, yo.
I always say a fresh ass rap.
None of y'all get some dap.
Talkin' 'bout Westside.
Y'all niggas don't wanna ride.
All of y'all some suckas.
When I drop.
All of y'all know that I drop the ruckus.
Tajai.
Yeah, the best microphonist.

Saafir of Hobo Junction.
Ohhh aye.
Check me out now I'm back on the clown.
Check me out, check me out now, hey, hey, hey.
I never fucked so many freaks in one night.
But it ain't no fun if the Junction can't have none.
But wait, wait.
How you gone speak on gats talkin' 'bout I'll shoot ya.
Transformin' from dreads.
And Punky Brewster-ass sweaters and skateboards, hey.
Now come on.
You swear up and down you started me freestylin'.
Nigga, I been rhymin' since you was a younger coward.
I did my first demo when you was a memo in a love letter.
Straight hustlin', spittin' sacks, movin' the crowd.
Robbin' niggas like you that went to Bishop O'Dowd.
I'll twist my shroud and twist my shit.
On a level you never seen.
Nigga you got white cream drippin' out that.
Infection section.
Started back in the day.
In September of ninety-three do you remember.
When uh, you and ? used to come over my house and buy sacks from me?
I still get down with like, ?
You used to want weight gainin', me to weight train you.
But you couldn't gain two pounds.
It wouldn't have done no good, you ain't down.
You a mark, you a mark.
I'm gettin' docked by the trigger, playmate for my diction.
Saucy with the science, the fact is there's no fiction.
You're scary.
The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air with a slang dictionary.
Nigga you still play Pictionary.
With mom and dad.
You grew up with wing dings named Buffy and Brad.
Used to talk like this.
'That's rad! Let's go surfing!' Jerky like a nerd.
Real niggas in the land, that was happenin' with your clown ass clan.
Now some of you niggas I didn't have no beef with.
But if you steppin' to me, I'm leavin' you with a wreath.
Tipped around that neck six feet deep in a tape deck.
Let's take it to wax and see whose shit is really phat.
But them heads is too bloated and them flows is root beer floated.
You pencil neck piss colored Gumby, you can't fuck with me.

Tajai of Souls of Mischief &amp; Hieroglyphics.
Ooooooh.
Now that's an example of a wack.
Emcee on crack.
If you listen to that.
And give it dap, you as stupid as fuck.
Shut the fuck up.
With that fake Westside shit.
Cause y'all be everywhere with.
Your doin' ass sucka asses.
Niggas try to fuck with me but I take classes.
My brain is amass and swift.
Phat ass rap sense.
You do not have the genetic make up.
To rap fresher than me, really.
You fake sucka-ass duck.
Don't you know if I wrote a flow for you.
You couldn't kick it as dope as who?
Tajai, cause you don't know nothin' about the beat.
Every time you kick it.
Either the rap is goin' faster than the beat.
Or you are goin' faster than the fuckin'-.
God damn it I'm sweet.
I'm the master, always comin' dope faster.
Emcees is weak plastered.
It's how I feel but I'm real.
Everybody know Saafir is from Fresno.
Hollerin' about the O.
Westside, c'mon, don't lie, yo.
Nobody in the Westside knows you.
Plus you told me that you used to like fuck the bitch-.
White bitches.
With motherfuckin' lint in they asshole.
Dude, that's disgusting, you told me that.
OK, listen, you should listen to the things.
That you tell a nigga when we was buzzin' off that morphine.
You was like 'God damn, potna.
You know what I really like doin' is bankin' on bitch when's I'm on there.
Bare, hittin' it from the back'.
But you cannot rap as phat as Tajai.
And that's some freak ass nasty shit.
You went to jail for p- for tryin' to poison a nigga.
That's some old medieval shit, some faggot shit.
Why didn't you buck that nigga like you be talkin' about.
Yo, I be taggin' with.
Wack rappers straight off the head because I'm phat with new.
Brand new flows, emcees you are all wack.
Every single one of you.
You have no future.
If you died tomorrow, nobody would trip.
Cause we rip.
The microphones and everybody is happy.
When we come dope, have you ever ripped a show?
I'm your pappy.
Y'all look up to me.
I'm the original G from the Hieroglyphics crew.
E-S-O, that's the place we go to.
Sobrante, plus, uh, nah, nah, nah, yo.
Got to give a shout to ten-trey and ten-six.
Can't forget the Flowers clique and this.
All about eight-deuce cause that's how we do.
Niggas can't fuck with the Hieroglyphics crew.
Then we take it to Richmond, E-S-O.
Is the place to start, to N-S-O, W-S-O.
Yeah we can't forget the Sucka Free.
Cause everybody in the- I ain't kickin' no writtens cause T.
Is the freshest rapper in this planet.
Interplanetary, and you can not fool with me.
If he change up the beat.
I can still rap it, rip it, move it swift.
But since I'm a dope rapper, I don't go off beat, shit.
You a wack ass emcee.
All of y'all ain't sold about seven records.
I got the promo and took it back for some mail.
Then I got a little sack, because you know that I'm, um.
To no avail you try to try.
I kick it off the dome and still come doper and fly.
You try to talk about me.
But you have everything that I don't want.
And I am everything you envy.
It's just like that.
I can't lose nothing.
All of you is wack emcees, you bluffing.
You're stuffing, all of you drop because, yo.
I bring up swift.
And everybody gonna vote for me when you call.
So we can all get smoked.
Off that G you betted against us, cause yo.
You better come up off it.
Or you gonna be up inside a coffin.
Eastside O, we just drop it.
It's just like that.
I'm about to mack because I know.
Exactly how to it go, that's the flow.

King Saan of Whoridas &amp; Hobo Junction.
What?
Tajai, I'm a rag doll your ass like a red nose pit.
Mixed with sense, Whoridas, King Saan, Mr. Tay.
Hobo Junction representin', any way, crack the pave-.
Ment, but dome C-A-L-Ls, forties of sales.
Who clocks the mail when we ride that Rolex.
Playa hatas place up, get kicked in the gut.
Fuck king of flash.
But borin' wasn't scorin' in this game of laceration.
Bitch ass nigga, I'm a start placin'.
My antics in your front yard.
Fuck your sister and then your mother.
Nigga I'm a make you funk with me, sucker.
Nigga this is Westbound found.
Nigga I'm a see you in that Range Rover.
You and your bitch can get over.
The, uh, free-way ramp.
Nigga you's a scamp and you roll in a uh.
Toyota.
You can't fuck with Yoda.
I'm a master, blaster.
Nigga you shatter like plaster.
Mark ass nigga can't fuck with the gravedigger.
Fuck with me nigga I got Mr. Taylor.
Do me a favor smack this nigga named Casual, nigga.
I'm a start the funk a spell.
That dome nigga thrown King Saan that bomb daily.
Fuck with me I'm like Bailey catching bodies.
With no shotties.
Straight uppercuts with these thangs.
I don't bang or slang.
I just get down with the G thang.
Nigga can't fuck with the dick slang.
You know what I'm sayin'?

Pep Love of Hieroglyphics.
Let me tell you somethin'.
Let me tell you somethin'.
When I rhyme I compete.
And when they think about Pep Love they want to take it to the street.
Because I'm dark skin.
Hella big.
I'll hit a nigga in his mouth and embark in.
To another journey.
If you wanna step to Pep Love you gonna earn these props.
Because you know who I am.
You better knock me out cause I got another program.
The Hobos is so slow at the mind.
When I grab the microphone I have to rhyme.
And you niggas just be talkin'.
Off the beat.
While I'm hawking your bitch.
Cause you be trustin'.
You wanna step to us when you be rhymin' I'm bustin'.
A whole 'nother combustion.
A new invention.
When I grab the microphone I'm pinchin'.
Your hoe on the ass, and then I'm.
Gonna tell you your whole crew's a cinch.
When I try to rhyme.
That nigga Big Nous? He's a coward.
He hold my nigga Phesto hand.
When your nigga rolled up and tried to hit my nigga in his face.
I grab the microphone and kick the bass.
All y'all niggas can't fuck with my crew.
What you wanna do?
My name is Pep Love I come new.
And y'all niggas be mockin' Saafir.
If you wanna do what I do I know you fear.
Itself, Casual.
On the microphone I'll grab you all.
In the grasp of my hand and crush you.
I have control over you because I bust new.
Styles.
What you wanna do? I'll.
Fuck your crew from the back.
And then it's like that.
I drink the 'yac.
You niggas be drinkin' water.
Because I slaughter.
All a y'all punk ass niggas.
Get sunk, six feet deep.
If you wanna try you flunk.
You get a F if you step to Pep Love.
Yeah, you feel the last breath that you ever had.
My name is Pep Love I'm clever.
If you ever step to me you had.
Another motherfucking dream.
When I grab the microphone I'm ducking teams.
Of emcees.

Big Nous of Hobo Junction.
Let the mic be on, check it in.
All I hear is walk.
When Pep talk, you need a-.
Your shit's kinda wack.
The same style since Euclid.
I pump shit up.
I holded your man's hand to save his life.
Yeah brotha.
Nigga like I lounge with strife.
Because I binked him in the forehead, a check it in.
A brotha come from the brain.
Of course you don't wanna feel the pain.
When I freestyle you best to refrain.
I check it in when I come, I come.
I'm nuttin', I'm causin' babies.
I caused about six when I made the Hieroglyphics.
So check it in.
When I come from the brain.
Of course who wants to come next?
Because niggas don't wanna feel.
The style, don't wanna come real.
Came from Vans, now they got bald heads.
Tryin' to come with style, but who wants to the pro-.
Filin', fuckin', I'm dealin' with amateurs.
I'm never stuck, who wants to be next to.
Be in that Hieroglyphic ass.
Niggas be butt.

Opio of Souls of Mischief &amp; Hieroglyphics.
Backstabbin' ass niggas like you.
Make me furious, curious where you got your style from.
Oakland Z know I'm not dumb.
When I hop on the microphone I'll cum right in your girl's mouth.
Nigga no I don't come from down south.
East Oakland, kill a nigga, my pops is your lawyer.
You came to my house every single day.
And did not say shit, pussy whipped bitch.
And your crew, too, ya can't say shit to me.
Oakland Z when I grab the microphone a frenzy of sharks.
Y'all are all some marks.
Standin' on the other side, yeah we ride.
Down the strip every day and pop at hella bitches, nigga.
Take 'em to the 'tel, you ain't nothin' but a mark.
Don't say shit, cause yous a liar.
Catch ya all out there, set ya on fire.
Yeah like that, on the mic right now.
The nigga whiplash ya, you know the boy, his mind.
Pass the mic to the next nigga who want it.
Oakland Z flaunted.
Yeah, all y'all niggas taunted and got teased.
But you know I skeezed ya bitch.
Nigga get stitched up.
Shut the hell up.
Hieroglyphics reign supreme, you know what I'm sayin'?
Y'all niggas is wack.

Unknown Rapper with Hobo Junction.
Fuck them Hiero niggas.
I beat vanguards that be rat packin'.
Fat rodents that claimin' The Town.
You got mopped by swang bangers, ya better flee.
See, we outlaw gratitude of flagrant fouls.
Vagabonds verbose with the vocab.
I'm talkin' to you Larry.
You're too ordinary.
Don't cross The Bay without your ferry token.
The ghetto toll's due at high tide.
But you can't wake the show with lullabies.
The bedtime stories you call freebies.
Goodnight, lousy.
You made Oakland drowsy.
With that Pep talk.
Phesto, I nodded on that shit.
Three dots with an underline means recycled placement.
From children outta pocket.
That tasted war already when you dissed Fellowship.
Exit stage left to the forest.
I cut the trees for paper.
Oh excuse me.
But you know you ain't got no win when it comes to the junction.
Because I'm sockin' you in the chin, nigga.
I'm tongue lashing ripping up on pseudos and witlings.
You hillbilly mutants.
Me oh my I'm gone won ton, you're perilous to evoke.
The wretched flurry, man.
I got the jewelry turnin' em squeamish.
Hippie Hieroglyphs need a fix of hop.
From the hungry Hobo Junction munchin' up on the meanest.
Rippin' worn out syringes.
It's sickening to see you up in rehab.
Sucking up with the group hoes A-M.
F-M, weapons display in jettison, I'm.
Fucking up these niggas, it's the Hobo Junction.
They nothin' but gin swiggas.
I'm stealing their flow, cause they just don't know.
That the Hobo Junction is kickin' them niggas to the flo'.

Saafir of Hobo Junction.
Yeah.
Yo I been waitin' to partake in your heart rate.
Stop it's no breath, six feet underground like an ostrich.
Ain't no radio ref in the street.
You used to dress like a white man.
You can't jump, you won't leap, freak.
Freak.
You look like a caveman in diapers, hey.
Wipe my nut off your chin, I'm-.
Wipe my nut off your chin.
I'm through oozin'.
You look like an illusion perverted.
I'm a pyromaniac.
This vagina Hiero brain that lack response to real comp.
Westside.
And I'm not just hollerin' it, yeah.
This ain't as deep as your father can get.
Nigga wh- You never touched down in the East.
You never touched down in the East.
The only time you ever left the top of eight-deu-.

Saafir of Hobo Junction.
You never touched down in the East.
The only time you never leave.
You never touched the top of eight-deuce you only left to get some weed.
Oh, but now you on the west.
Now you on the west.
Where you gone get put to a real solider test.
I provide sick mentals with pleasure when I flip.
You provide measurement for my dick.
'Aye yo Saafir.
You macked on that hoe ill.
And that's fo' real'.
It shows, nigga you a rest haven for hoes.
Nigga yours told me.
Khia showed me her beaver, don't trip don't leave her.
You needed to rape that ass after I break that ass like a twig.
Like I did at the Crash Palace.
I'm a send that ass to the house in a blouse.
With a sign on your back that say 'Casual's phat.
In the stomach'.
Nigga you can't flow, you can't flow, I swallow dams.
Ain't no Hieroglyphics, just holograms.
You ain't tight, you transform like transvestite.
Hey, lemme know the next time you plan to share.
So I can tell my folks you ridin' in vans with feds.
I hate snitches.
God damn it I hate snitches.
I'm a leave snitches in stitches with fleas.
Stuck with put ya foot in ya mouth disease.
Nigga, put ya fuckin' foot in ya mouth.
You need to run your ass back down south with Luke.
You too cute.
But then again, you an ugly motherfucker.
Hey, hey, hey.
The only reason you got with Khia is because I was done.
Seein' her, hey.
Believe me when she come to the house I'm a be ready to send her ass back down.
With her mouth on the dong.
Hey, I got shit but the rhyme don't matter.
I got batter, I got a spoon.
I got a fat cow that jumps over the moon.
And Casual's gonna be waitin' for me with a goon.
On his shoulder, hey.
You got a iguana well let's get a little bit bolder.
Cause when we leave your honor- Your honor-.
Your honor, he's got a plea.
Cop a plea, nigga, cop a seat, hey.
I got ya in the toilet seat.
It's time for you to put your head under the.
Motherfuckin', uh, whatever, nigga.
Mayne you tryin' to come tight, nigga.
Hey come ti-.
Mayne put that nigga on.

Casual of Hieroglyphics.
Like this.
Casual is not no amateur.
Before you don't know I got hoes from here to Canada.
And plus, I got a whole lot of flows.
I got your hoes on my jock.
What the fuck you talkin' 'bout? I be breakin' ya rhymes.
I made you like Frankenstein.
You's a busta you must adjust to the shit that I be kickin'.
Casual is not comin' written.
I been doin' it like that, and plus you don't know, you's a busta.
Look at me in my eyes, you must have been from Fresno.
Like my folks be tellin' me.
Where when we be on the mic I kick a melody.
Casual, you lookin' like a bastard, so.
Take your ass back where to it came from you asscrack.
I'm a motherfuckin' mic ripper.
Clever, you'll never.
Be as good as this.
What? You miss every time you aim.
Casual is the man I bring pain.
Yes I do it just like this, you can ask my folks.
I'm a master killin' you jokes.
What y'all hollerin'?
Y'all are small in that rap shit.
I be rippin' it with the raps and ya have to.
Step on back cause the mack will attack.
Your whole wack crew.
The Hobos is really hobos, don't got no place to stay.
I hop on the mic and let you know I display.
A lot of lyrics.
A lot of music, my crews get.
Hype when we rappin'.
What the fuck you lookin' at, man?
You's a busta, Jay.
Whatever the fuck you hollerin'.
I'm rappin' today.
Doin' it like this, Casual will ruin it.
And I'm tellin' you, you fail when you doin' it.
I'm grabbin' the mic and stabbin' you like a dyke.
Because you know that Casual's hype.
Yeah, and I'm doin' it correct-ly.
You best respect me, y'all some bustas.
Get out of my face.

Saafir of Hobo Junction.
Yeah you phat in body weight.
It'll probably take me shovin'.
Calluses down your throat to pull up something dope.
Nigga your shit is weak, shallow ass nigga.
But don't trip, peep.
This nigga Casual be barely brushin' his teeth.
Uh, gingivitis.
Your pain got arthritis.
Which author is the tightest.
Nigga I'm thick like fog, but you missed it.
I'm uncut cocaine, nigga you Bisquick.
And I'm a battle that ass into a coma.
Nigga, your shit is dry.
You the type of nigga that'll snitch and lie to get out some funk.
You on a live-in titty, nigga you still green.
You and your sister got the same inseam.
Pantyliner.
A candy-ass rhymer.
You get props in North Carolina or some-motherfucking-where, where.
Where white boys dress up like hoo riders.
And buck shots at ducks and ride pick up trucks in a stick up.
I know you'll bitch up, I watched half your crew fold like clothes.
The Souls of Mischief ain't nothin' but the souls of bitch shit.
You punk ass Grass Valley seven-deuce Mali' car washer.
Nigga you got the nerve to put my name in your mouth?
Nigga don't you know I'll have you hurlin' for the rest of your life?
I'll have my bitch.
Lynch your ass, you'll shit.
She'll chop off your dick, split ya shit.
And eat that pussy.
And eat that little pussy ya got.
Hey mayne, don't fuck with me I got, uh.
Nigga, Heckler and Koch, fuck a G-lock.
You better recognize real game.
Fuck pain, uh.
Ahh.

Casual of Hieroglyphics.
When I rhyme, though.
Nigga it's the pimpin' and Casual is the best.
So you best to go back to where you came from.
I claim them styles.
Then kill you all, you fall, I'm the mack.
I rhyme swell.
Rippin' it on K-M-E-L.
Takin' your mail and goin' to buy a big fat sack from Lee.
Smokin' weed on the air, yeah.
I'm a motherfuckin' bear like you don't believe.
But you won't retrieve a style tighter.
Than the rhyme writer.
I'm on top and I say thanks to my potnas.
The gangstas who gone kill you.
And fill you up with it.
Casual is the man and I buck critics.
Of the microphone rocker, I'm a shock ya.
Like a Wes Craven creation.
You know that Casual is the best you behavin'.
Like you ancient you ain't knowin'.
It's all about the raps, perhaps you ain't feelin' me.
I got ability.
You ain't showin' nothin', you butt when you flow.
This is off the top of the dome, I just made it.
Didn't spend a week writin'.
I'm comin' tight and you ain't knowin'.
Casual is the man flowin'.
You lookin' stupid, go home and loop it.
This a phat track, now what you gonna do when.
I hop on the mic and confront you.
Cause you's a busta, sucked in Menace II Society.
Tryin' to act hard but you are not as fly as me.
I ain't trippin' cause it's off the top.
Casual is the man and you soft two drops.

Saafir of Hobo Junction.
I'm done with this motherfucker but before I cut.
I gotta let him know I'm a go up in the gut.
Hey nigga I seen you and uh Snupe in the east.
Jockin' niggas like a priest.
Choppin', nigga you don't be rockin'.
I seen Snupe at the motherfuckin' Jive showcase.
Goin' out like a mark.
Nigga Keith Murray whole crew jumped on stage in the dark.
And damn near knocked his ass out.
Hey check this out.
Your class is, uh.
Has no snout.
You're like pigs, you big fat oink-sidin' been waitin' to split a ?
Hey, you niggas is like shallow licks.
I hear you freestyle like the fellowship.
Hey but don't trip, though.
You got your styles, you dope.
Hey but we gone keep it real like that.
Motherfucker real gat, motherfuckin' real stab.
Motherfucker just clownin', I'm out like that.
I'm out like that.
It's over, it's over.

Mike T of Cytoplasmz with Hobo Junction.
Check this out.
I came to this motherfucker to run my mouth.
Now you probably thought I wasn't gonna say shit.
But nigga y'all play freestyle raps for nothin'.
Y'all weak, I think ya frontin'.
I remember when one of y'all was caught up on stage with Black Moon.
Huffin' and puffin'.
Couldn't catch your breath, you left.
You blew it, and y'all knew it.
Now I done stepped in the door.
That high yellow pompous bastard just hit the floor.
And you're wack for yellin' that shit.
Wanna be a real emcee? Battle me, you'll get that ass whipped.
Nah it ain't through, nah I ain't done.
I'll lick the mic until your whole crew cum.
And watch your sister, uh, 686 Layla.
I tried to but uh, I didn't.
Cause I didn't think it was worth hittin'.
You missed for tryin' to diss.
Ain't this a bitch? I done came in this.
Cause I'm infamous when I decides to kick.
Wipin' emcees away like snot.
And then scratchin' my dick, cause y'all like crabs.
Wanna take it to a freestyle flow? You don't know the half.
I'm Mike T, I represent Cytoplasm, I came with the Junction.
Because I heard niggas was funkin'.
Now what's up? Y'all been caught by the rough imbecilic.
You wanna take me out but y'all don't feel it.
I remember when I used to shake y'all hands.
And you used to look down on a nigga like I was your fan.
But I never gave a fuck, I had my own shit.
I had my own beats, I make my own hits.
Y'all niggas strong, but now, here's some dick.
You wanna make a G? We'll here's me, I have.
Nothing but a buck fifty in my pocket.
But if y'all put a G up I will not stop it.
Y'all can ask ya potna who's poppin'.
Now c'mon, it's common logic.
You know it ain't the way it's gone be.
I ain't gone stop it, I'm imbi-.
And aw shit, they freaked the beat, an-.

Tajai of Souls of Mischief &amp; Hieroglyphics.
Niggas is wack.
Ya gotta stop, Mike T.
I remember when you used to write raps right next to me.
And say 'How does this sound?'.
'Is this the right usage of this word?'.
You's a motherfuckin' herb you from the 'burbs.
I'm gonna beat that ass down and take all your money.
Which is thirty cents, all your life is straight spent.
My name is Tajai.
I come from the East Side of O.
You know exactly who you look to.
To find the exact flow.
For you to kick.
Against that Hieroglyphics shit.
We comin' fly.
Niggas know it's from the Eastside.
Everybody know eight-deuce is where we got pride.
We always droppin' this.
Mike T, yo my topic's swift.
You wack and it's likely that I'm gonna drop you.
Bitch ass nigga, why you wanna rap?
Tryin' to side, you was the nigga that told me that.
Saafir was on the radio dissin' us.
And we should go get him, and now you backin' him on the radio?
You's a bitch!
Ooh, you's about to lose your life.
I'm serious, I'm a gouge out your eyes.
And fuckin' choke ya.
And that's off the hip-hop tip.
But now I got to drop it.
Cause I'm a broker.
Gettin' cash.
Invested in my mind and I'm.
Gonna hire you one day.

And I'm a be like, 'Hell naw.
You used tried to rob us on the flow you fuckin' hoe'.
You pussy-ass havin' an emcee.
You gonna fuck with me and you know that I'm.
Handling wack emcees try to step.
I have a rep that I must maintain.
Hieroglyphics three times for your brain.
Bitch!

Mike T of Cytoplasmz with Hobo Junction.
Check, check.
Alright, enough.
You ain't tough, you ain't even gone throw no blows.
I heard you ran back to the Wake Up Show tryin' to get in.
Cause a nigga wouldn't win if it came to blows.
Now when it comes to flows, you in.
I will not lose because I won't, will I.
I will not bow on my knees and suck nobody else's dick.
Like it was a cock.
You weak, you flock with a pack that won't get your back.
Now if you wanna talk that shit.
I was down in the weed spot.
Heard rumors about niggas sippin' that hop.
But now I will not drop no nonsense.
I come common with sense.
Niggas be bombin' but it's ignorance.
You been holdin' me back for two years.
And I think it's about time I let my flow be heard clear.
Wake Up Show won't let me come on no more.
Because I'm strong and I think you been.
Ridin' on the wrong nigga's ding dong.
Tajai, go back to motherfuckin', uh, Stanford.
Because you can't be standin'.
I planted your head in the ground.
You's an innocent bystandin'.
Because I was around.
When it was time to have some niggas funkin' down.
Mike T, learn to say it.
Because when I come out niggas gone have my album and play it.
In your face, and you's weak tryin' to point.
And if I take a style like freestyle.
And then I will be back in the meanwhile.
Go back cause if I ever catch you gettin' jacked.
They'll probably send you to the penile.
I'll snitch on some tricks, I won't lie.
Just to see them niggas go to jail and die.
Now what's the fuck up.
Mike T in the cut.
And I'll say it like this cause I don't give a fuck.

Pep Love of Hieroglyphics.
It's like this.
I'm seekin' out the Junction.
With the heat seeker.
When I grab the microphone I reap respect, damn.
These niggas like Mike T.
Is just a little speck of sand on the microphone and.
I'll tell him he's bland.
When I see him I be like.
Scrapin' my elbow.
Get the fuck away from me, Hell no.
You can't get a motherfuckin' prop.
When I grab the mic I rock.
Get off my dick because it goes non-stop.
When I grab the microphone I dance and prance.
When I grab the microphone I tell ya hoes that.
You's a hoe trusta, and a busta.
Gettin' at a fourteen year old.
And I scold you.
And your motherfuckin' whole crew.
Motherfuckin' all of you.
Y'all niggas get scald and boiled.
When I grab the microphone I call, y'all niggas fold when I foiled.
Your whole plot.
When I grab the microphone emcees is not.
The motherfuckin' shit.
When I grab the microphone I'm buckin' ya whole click.
The Hobo Junction get scrunched in my hand.
I eat 'em for a luncheon.
When I grab the microphone.
I'm punchin' ya punks.
In your motherfuckin' eye, get a black one.
I'm a mack one, nigga deny.
That I'm fresh.
Give a fuck about a nigga gettin' jumped.
I'm saving my own flesh.
Runnin' for the motherfuckin' side.
When I hoo ride, you guide.
Yourself to me.
And when you cap on my niggas you wanna take me to the street?
Why? Because I'm dark skinned and you're light skinned.
And I'm ready for fightin'?
I'll knock any motherfucker out in a minute.
You wanna step to me then I'll spin it.
Like a motherfuckin twelve hundred, I'm wonderin'.
You wanna step to me then I'll knock you on the ground.
You get plundin', pummelled.
And I'm gonna make emcees really humbled.
They like, 'What's up Pep? What's up Pep?
What's up Pep, how you doin'?'.

Unknown Rapper with Hobo Junction.
Fuck that shit.
Talkin' about this weak ass shit.
Fuck these bitch ass tricks.
That try to step in my mix, but I got.
Phat rhymes and my style's surprisin'.
In these, ho, I come from the dome.
K-M-E-L Wake Up Show, what's up?
Holmes, hops, you wanna get some of this?
I fly be rippin' emcees be slippin'.
Come up to my set, rich Town nigga.
I have ya ass dippin'.
Like some fuckin' gold.
Nigga what's up nigga your ass is scolded.
Like this is your mother.
What's up, nigga, I ain't your brother.
Bitch ass nigga, when did you figure me out?
Fuck that I'm on a different route.
I never play left, I keep on the right because my style's too hype.
Ah, I'm too tight like I was eight.
Nigga what's up I don't make mistakes, bitch.
Shit, nigga.

Jullie-D of Underground Rebellion with Hobo Junction.
If we gone start this then start this.
But niggas let be real.
Don't be talkin' bout The Flatlands if you up and on that hill, um.
I'm the bad man, comin' from West Oakland.
Pimpin' and shit like your motherfuckin' hoes and um.
I be destroying all suckas like you.
Um, Saafir, who started this? Casual, it had to be you.
The weakest nigga in the Hiero crew.
The softest nigga in your click is Del the smo- the Homosapien.
So feel that, nigga I be pimpin' this.
Shit when I kick it I'm wicked I get ill and I'm the.
Bad man comin' from West Oakland.
Never ever jokin', provokin'.
You niggas to stuff it like a token.
I be spittin' the shit like Chuck E. eat cheese.
I be beggin' you please get up on the M-I-C.
And display your skill, nigga be real.
If you dream about defeat the MC.
Wake up, slap yourself and apologize to me.
Cause nigga I'm from the W-E-S-T.
S-I-D to the E, O-A-K-L-A-N-D.
It's the J to the U, L-L-I-E as in D.
You know, from the U-N-D.
E-R-G-R-O-U-N-D.
The bad man, you don't understand it.
Comin' from West Oakland.
Next time you decide to talk that shit.
Make sure you know who you fuckin' with, trick.
Um, it's like that and um, it's like this, and um.
I be kickin' it on the 1-0-6, and um.
With my nigga named Sway, but OK.
I see you got the earphones on I guess you ready to um, flow.
Lookin' like you noddin' off.
You need to quit fuckin' with that shit.
You'll um, a little bitch.
I heard you went to Skyline, never could rhyme.
I see you Hieros in Atlanta, Georgia.
At the Freaknik, tryin' to be sick.
But you was the wackest niggas on the bill.
So um, chill, relax, take a back seat.
I be kickin' this shit like a motherfuckin' emcee.
From the East Coast, that's where you need to be.
Cause y'all niggas don't sound like no niggas from the town.
The West bound, the get down.
Kickin' that shit all the time.
I rhyme starin' you dead in your eye.
Niggas ask me why I be so damn wicked.
I heard this Eastside nigga was talkin' shit.
About the West, it's the best.
I press from the West Coast, to the West side.
I ride, I high side, hoo ride.
With that nigga five point O you was in on your video.
Nigga come anew with your own shit.
Cause you are weak you need to sit back.
And listen to the words that you speak cause um.
Oh me, oh my, oh why do you make such wack lyrics.
Niggas don't wanna hear it.
I'm the sickest nigga that you ever gonna meet.
I'm the Jullie-D mayne and from the West Oakland streets.
Nigga, you from the hill, nigga straight weak.
Poppin' those pills spittin' that um.
Gaddafi.
Niggas back up off me.
Cause I'm the sickest nigga in the industry.

Casual of Hieroglyphics.
When I hop on the mic, my folks I give thanks to.
He can't rap, he must be a gangsta.
Casual is on the mic, I'm tellin' you like this.
I ain't a slanger, but I'm a tell ya.
I will bang a phat flow in your face.
And disgrace ya whole crew.
You know Casual and I know you.
The mic went on and so you're slippin'.
Casual is rippin', lettin' niggas know I'm equipped.
When I kick a rhyme, it's time.
For Casual to eat on up.
The wack I beat on, emcees who don't know that I'm back.
With the phat flow to lift ya off the ground.
Casual is profound and let an emcee know I'm world renowned.
When I hop on the mic I like to do.
That's just how I do my style is new.
And all of you Hobos is wack.
So Cas' it calls and Cas'll tell y'all.
What went down.
I got sound and we about to be out.

