Hip Hop Saved Me Lyrics
by Viva Fidel.

We arrived on the rise on the ride to excellence.
The 'ignit' get with it , as well as the intellegnet.
Cause nowadays they playing tricks with yo gas.
Thats funkin' with yo food.
Which means yo ass.
If we don't get organized and switch the conversation.
Not applied to you , I mean ya babies generation.
Then we mine as well stop reproducing.
But that'll be the day when JG stops producing.....
Never, never comes.
Be careful with ya tounge.
It's deadly like a machine gun.
Where Im from? and probably ya hood too.
It's always the fakest that portray to be the true.
So what you do?
Keep ya life separate.
Let them be salty while we sprinkle the peppers.
You don't need the fake necklace.
Just take it to ya essence and God will be present! yea!

Milwaukee raised me, Hip Hop saved me.
They say we crazy but they can't fade me.
Vivafidel is more than a name.
Consider me a weapon i spit wit aim.

Pushing through the poltricks, I don't side step.
Self-made vet.
I warn you bout the threats.
And do a dilligent delivery.
The spirits talk to me so I know that they hear me.
And clearly I'm drove by a bigger cause.
So I'm speedin past while ya stuck lookin lost.
We knowing bout banging and slangin since the 70s.
The world waiting on something new, check out my melody.
You fresh off the slave ship , talkin that slave shit.
Our job is to uplift and take you higher.
I take you higher than the average cat.
I'm more like a Black Panther.
With that 10 point answer.

Talk innerlude:.
YO and we already know.
Milwaukee is just a small piece of the planet.
Its not where you're from, its where you're at.
And we not talking about physically.
Cause we keep it moving &amp; we keep it grooving!

Milwaukee raised me, Hip Hop saved me.
They say we crazy but they can't fade me.
Vivafidel is more than a name.
Consider me a weapon i spit wit aim.

Yea, this is the business fa sho.
I got plenty mo.
We 414.
Survival of the fittest.
You better hope you got a witness.
Cause MPD is evil as the devil.
No matter ya level.
We in this together.
Since before the beginning fightin for life.
Now we fightin this system of oppression on site.
I write to incite the original warriors.
I'm something like a forienger to a loser enviornment.
If I ain't winning , I ain't trying it.
You gonna see riots and choas.
But who gonna who gone be prepared.
Stop, look &amp; listen don't get scared.
Just roll with me and be revolutionized.
Then take it back to ya people and change some lives.
Now is our time.
The truth steal the shine.
Cause we straight up dying with the blind leading the blind.

Milwaukee raised me, Hip Hop saved me.
They say we crazy but they can't fade me.
Vivafidel is more than a name.
Consider me a weapon i spit wit aim.

