Hit 'em all Lyrics
by XCEP.


Man, I'll be damned, you think these bitches like whatchu do.
I ain't even gotta talk man I'll just let ya face the crew.
Y'all niggas so weak and I gotta tell ya this game is cruel.
Yeah yo' bitch bad but I'm sure you don't how to do her.
Now lemme handle that ass for ya she is too bad for ya.
Have her missing for a week she don't ask for ya.
She never been high now she tripping on me.
I tell her bring that shit I hit the gas for ya.
I do it, y'all stupid.
You still don't believe, man, I'll Prove it.
This for my real fellas they knew it.
You's in boy band on some cute shit.
Boy I'm at it again, ahead of my gen.
I don't flop I don't fall when I'm doing my thing.
Killing these fools when I'm using that pen.
Head of the news yeah I know I'm the king, nigga.
Yeah it's me, don't give a shit if you disagree.
Don't give a shit about this wack scene.
Don't do it for the talk neither for the cream.
I am a fiend, but you gotta pay credits.
Money or passion? well, I'm in between.
And to be like I did it.
You? forget it!
I'm owning.
I just lay back be zoning.
I like to watch you mothafuckas falling.
I just wanna see you mothafuckas crawling.
I'm balling.

Man y'all so tiny can't hear you calling.
And can't shit stop I'll kick the wall in.
Face your death, fall in.
I'm all in.
And once I'm in.
Me and my niggas all win.

How many times I gotta tell, nigga.
How many times I gotta Yell.
Ain't got fucks to give, not to sell nigga.
Thought you mothafuckas know the deal.
And once again, maghanrappich bel'3arbya, La.
W'ila dertha, ghatb9aw fiya.
So, maghanb9ach hdakoum, maghant9arench m3akoum.
Khel rass; way back, ghanb9a b3id 9edakoum.
I'm done!
You needed that.
Few words for your illiterate ass.
Don't talk shit if you don't know about it.
Don't walk here if you ain't got a map.
Y'all shit dumb man I gotta zap.
Don't believe it when they clap for your monkey raps.
Monkey see monkey do I know.
But you know I always shit on these copy cats, right?
If you think you write.
I make history it's the script writer.
Claiming you got fans.
I'd rather have criticizers than dick riders.
That's word, to eyensee.
Shout my real niggas you can't fuck with we.
Shout T and chain we the XTC.
We got all these bitches on their knees.
Yeah we got fiends and they all pay credits.
Money and passion, nothing gets in between.
Me and all my dreams.
Man forget it!
I'm owning.
I just lay back be zoning.
Like to see you mothafuckas falling.
I just watch you fake niggas while crawling.
I'm balling!

You see the look in their faces.
When I switch this mothafucka.
Drop it down on 'em.

3rd Vese.

Fuck a fake nigga talking bout nigga.
Fuck with me I spit you out.
I out-spit these nigga erase your doubt.
You ain't talk with me shut your mouth.
You're a lying ass nigga.
But your bars be honest wack as shit.
I'm gon outlast nigga.
Cuz my art be the finest bad as shit and you know it.

