Hold on Ho Lyrics
by UNK.


Hold on hoe hold on hold on hold on hoe AYYY~ { *4X* } 
 
Don't run up on me. Like you know, me, player hold on hoe, 
I'm smokin kush you on that reggie hold on hoe, 
Them diamonds, ain't real tuck your chain in hold on hoe, 
Ay ay back back I'ma. Do my thang then hold on hoe 
, 
Unk, 
Ol', bitch-ass nigga. Make me laugh. Can'T even bust Welch's grape 
My fault they hoes. In my face, I pump they mouths just like weights, 
I blowin kush, it tastes great, come 50 deep, like the mob 
I'm stackin stack after stack, so haters get on your job. 
I'M callin shot after shot, whether you like it or not. 
You try to jack what I got I'll bust yo' ass on the spot. 
Come. Try me: I see ye ain't hard, without'cha boys, huh, 
Unlock them toys and bring the noise huh 
 
Baby D 
Ay hold on hoe hold on hoe, don't be walkin up on on me, too fast, 
Lookin slick, talkin slick, but ain't, no sucker for no ass 
Look. At the J's up on my feet and the suede up on my seats, 
Check out the shades up on my face bitch, I ain't cheap 
Hold on hoe hold on hoe. I done told you once befo' 
That, I don't be rappin fast. These niggas just listen, slow 
So, hit the blunt twice and keep it movin steady, 
We, smokin, purple, kush bitch this ain't, no motherfuckin, reggie 
I'm in the A Hold on hoe hold on hold on hoe 
All day I put on hoe, put on put on hoe 
You, See the stacks in my pocket, the Oomp Camp, gettin, bigger 
I'm, Baby D, or you can call me that nigga 
 
Parlae 
Now hold on hoe, who gon' be the next to go. 
Who gon' be the next to blow Give a nigga extra throat 
I'm the next to blow my jewelry got a extra glow 
Look at my chain. Bitch, my diamonds made by eskimos 
I, got extra dough. I got a cold wrist 
Look at my pinky ring my ears. Look like froze piss 
How much yo' chain How my much my chain That's a whole brick 
I, leave these hoes sick. My right wrist, look like froze. Crist' 
I know this. We, the motherfuckin shit~ 
Oomp Camp and Franchize in this fuckin bitch 
Hold on hoe, hold on hold on hold on hoe 
 
