Holiday (feat. Styles) Lyrics
by Ruff Ryders.


Yeah 
L O X, nigga 
It, don't stop 
It, keep goin and goin and goin and goin 
Motherf**kers 
 
You heard it from the P. You oughta know it's the truth. 
I get you kidnapped and raped and thrown off a roof. 
You could nod your head to this. Like it's only a rap 
Cause, when these bullets hit your ass, I'm like it's only a gat 
I need a funeral to feel god. I'M hopin it's yours, 
Think, you religious heard. He got shot in the cross. 
Holiday Styles bitch. I broke most of the laws 
F**k with the poor, so flip to the boots. Stick to the truth, 
Do anything it takes just to get to this loot, 
And missin a tooth, but both of'em chipped told you. The script 
You heard about the trouble. I start most of the shit 
When. I squeeze ain't, no controllin the wrist 
And niggas leave the room when the hear the P flowin with swiss 
I'm an ignorant and negative nigga 
I sell crack bust guns pop shit and say I'm better than niggas 
You. Think not I'll look at your man and level a nigga 
If, you think a rapper's better. Why don't you give me his name 
So? I can run up on him. Tear him up and give you his frame. 
When. It comes to the streets, I'm the nigga to call 
Five, eight and three quarters, but I'm bigger than y'all 
If. I left the gun home I'ma, give you the sword, 
I'm the devil in the flesh. I can't give you the Lord 
It. Don'T make no sense for you to pray for your life. 
I got my niggas in the crib. You oughta pray for your wife. 
 
I got ta, make it to heaven for goin through hell, 
 
And. I don't care. If I sell y'all know what I sell. 
 
I use my left hand when I'm loadin the shells 
 
S cause. I know it ain't right. That'S why I'm blowin a L, 
 
Yo! I do it all for my niggas, even ride wit, a bomb 
Get shot die in his arm and give him my last 
It's a million dollar bail, I'ma, get it in cash. 
I sell crack like it's'88. I live in the past. 
You know the P. Carry the gun live in the mask, 
Tell niggas show me the money and gim me the stash 
I like malibu and pineapple fifty's of hash 
Hundred's of dro wear my clothes a week in a row 
Sleep on the floor. Catch me right next to the door. 
I'M Holiday Styles and that's what the weaponry for 
And. I probably won't blow for the fact that I'm hard 
But, I'm good with ten million in the back of the car 
Either that or get life and lift the rack in the yard. 
Gettin jewels from the old timers stashin, the cards, 
But jail ain't part of the plans, 
I keep weight on the scale cause. I feel I get further with grams 
In. My last few bars I run through niggas, like my last few cars 
And crash'em up the boy, mighta went platinum, but don't gas him up, 
I get his length and his width and get his casket cut. 
I don't deal with the snakes and fakes 
But. I deal with the comas and wakes. I don't make mistakes 
Double R, now bitch, you oughta know: I'ma ghost 
Blow up your face blow up the coke and blow up the smoke. 
 
