Hollyhood Lyrics
by 50/50 Twin.


Yeah, it's the Mista in here with my nigga Lester Roy 
It's GFC Gorilla, Funk what up 50/50 Twin yeah 
This, how we gon do it! I wan na give a shout out to the whole GFC mayn 
It's, going down. It'S Mista Masta Archie Lee my album called Hollyhood 
 
Archie Lee 
Ounce for ounce. When it comes down to it 
The way me and 50. Do it ain't too many niggas can do it 
I shine when I ain't even trying to shine 
Make money. When I ain't even trying to grind 
Born to win to compete, a competitor, 
A survivor in the streets, I'm a motherfucking predator 
And, even though it might sound a lil' funny, 
Life ain't, nothing but bitches and money 
Archie Lee. But my enemies call me Hollyhood 
When! You see me in the streets homie, it ain't all good 
What, the fuck. You expect me to do 
Sit back and let these niggas eat shit. I got a family too 
And they like to eat. Lobster steak 
Call me unbreakable. For some reason, I won't break 
50. If you ever need me just holla my name, 
Real niggas get money, but they don't change. 
 
Lester Roy 
I'm, a H-U-S-T-L-E-R 
Stuck on my grind hustling today and tomorr-a 
The streets made me the O.G.'s pray me 
If. I really wan na eat. I can't be lazy. 
I move ounce for ounce, like 50/50 
Lester Roy on fire, like Young, Jeezy 
Yeeeeah. I know you feeling what I'm saying: 
If you snitching to them: laws you better start, praying 
We gutter over here, we'll hull, you over here, 
The Northside, where we from it's trouble over here. 
We, don't play games for the change, we'll shoot! Your dame 
My mama told me if I pull my pistol, let it bang 
I'm off the chain insane in the membrane. 
A natural disaster cause I'ma rip the scene, 
This Gorilla, Funk that mean bad luck, 
Fucking with me or my fam. You can get your head bust. 
 
Yeah, that's what it is. Mayn appreciate you Archie 
That boy, Lester know: I'm tal'n bout, ay, 
, 
50/50, Twin 
Me and Lester and Archie go back like a trigga. 
Swishahouse/Roc 4 Roc been stacking. Figgas 
Your knot, look fat, my vault way, bigger 
Play with my pockets. I turn to a grave digger. 
When are boys gon learn quit talking out of turn 
Hit your hat from the backseat, letting a swisha burn, 
Everything authentic ain't shit about my pussy 
Sitting on my couch mac-90 and a uzi 
They under the pillows mayn. I'M anxious to use it. 
My bullets, bisexual naw. They ain't choosy 
Shit on boys, with my hustle thought I wouldn't make it 
I, don't earn a mill I'ma Scarface, a nation 
Broderick in the Penn half my click on parole, 
C.D.'s, getting sold drug selling. Getting old 
Somebody got to do it, so the qualoads be coming 
Tell. John Doe add another to the bundle nigga
 
