Homeroom Lyrics
by Unonimus.

I go hard like I looked inside Medusa's eyes.
Got all these people thinking “Who's this guy.
Who keeps using rhymes that I just don't get, so they must be useless lines.

Plus all the cool kids try to scrutinize him.
Well who'd deny that he‘s wack, it must be true”.
Well that truth's a lie, you see.
The proof is right here, their just jealous of my fruitful mind.
And they couldn't make their own group, so now their spoofing mine.

And those words are in no way hyperbole.
And I could push the story even further.
Because most people haven't even heard of me.
Anyone listening? Nope, so why am I even asking it?
No body even hears this, so why am I even rapping it?
So I guess before I set on this quest to be the best.
I'll have to get some rest and pass these tests.
Check the assonance.
Yeah I'm laughing at these lip smacking kids.
‘Cause it's funny how ever since back to when.
We started saying Anti-Swag Forget.
The Radio they have been trashing it.
And bashing it, but guess what: I ain't having it.
I'll attack em' with some adverbs.
Then, smack em' with some adjectives.
Have em' in a crack.
Drowning in a bag full of laxatives.
I guess that's why their talking crap.
and it's.
Why when it comes to language arts class, man, I'm passing it.
After that I'm fastening belts around their abdomens.
Like a savage then I'll have em' bend.
'Till there's a connection happening.
Between their lower back an chin.
So now their asking why I got em' trapped inside.
This “wack” asylum where the rats reside.
That has a rank of bad raps so high.
That it would have the Wrights committing fratricide.
After that, well I will have em' try to pick a sacrifice.
So they battle, fight, hack and slice, scratch and bite.
And stab each other's back with knives.
But once their pain magnifies, the lads decide that they'll get back on sides.
So they try to find a crack of light.
That they can pass or slide through to escape the mastermind.
And yeah that's asinine, but they tried to get away.
So I made their head hit the pavement until they wished to stay.
Then they tried to jock me, so I went and steered the hoarse.
Shoes hit em' from both sides like three-way lesbian intercourse.
So now their hurting, they need a bowel surgeon.
And they have been ripped open like Marion's shower curtains.
Then an hour later, I'm walking up a hill, stalking Jill, crawling fast.
Backing off, falling.
Jacking off to offing Jack.
Naughty cats, and laughing dogs.
Hogging bags in apple toss.
Coughing crap, and acid sauce.
Always act like Latin blondes.
Logging back on Macintosh.
Blasti8ng off to Nasty Nas.
Lashing off at Dads and Moms.
Stabbing Jaws, wrapping saws.
To make a Christmas present.
So that is all, class is off.
Time to learn a different lesson.

