Hotter Than The Sun Lyrics
by Z-Mane.


Ha you wan na know something funny 
Just. Two years ago I was over singing that I'm so cold 
You know, and I still do say that 
But right now, ... .I'm a turn. The other knob on 
 
 Lil Wayne sample from Mr. Carter 
Man. I got summer hating on me cause I'm hotter than the sun 
Hot-hotter than the sun hot-hotter than the sun 
 
Okay. I got summer hating on me cause I'm hotter than the sun be 
Temperature. A hundred got them sweating like their running 
But. All they do is run their mouth. I don't care what they're talking about 
Claiming that they stay on top. Well, let me bring them back down South 
Haters gon na hate, yep Henry couldn't have said it better 
If. They think they're fly like paper. Let me put them in a shredder 
Make them deader than a door nail oh well, bring them more hell. 
I'Ll show these niggas no tell just worry about your flow sales. 
Man! It'S getting hot these niggas starting to feel the flame 
No. Phillip now gon' feel up on this knowledge to your bain 
I hope it don't melt away cause it's looking like summer days. 
And these niggas are looking lost cause. I got them trapped in amazing, 
Summer's hating on me, winter's, looking lonely, 
She ice cold, I'm too hot, but she's my one and only 
I never fall and I'm never sprung. Never that 
Summer time shining as I'm riding in my Cadillac 
 
Hold up wait a minute. What'S that noise Man, that's sounding like the cops 
Naw, it's just the firefighters they running up and down the block, 
It's, so hot that when I step outside I nearly combust 
But you'll, never water me down mane I'll nearly destruct 
They say the game need change, but It really need a miracle 
These niggas, acting like slaves. They might as well sing some spirituals 
Like holy cow he's slowing down. But if I speed it up, then they get shut
down 
I spit that fire nigga better retire. Looking down at you, niggas, like yeah 
what now 
I'm from the town, where they're representing the Wolves, 
My team must be Matadores because them other teams be on that bull 
Well tell them ole and watch us bring the heat 
Got the crowd up on they feet. It'S so intense, it's burning up their seat 
Even. In the winter time I be chilling on a beach 
With, a country girl, so sweet. I call her my Georgia peach 
But. She ain't from the A-Town naw baby from the O 
Hometown grown. She set a fire to my soul, 
 
Okay. I got the Eskimos sweating up in their igloo 
I'll light a fire on these niggas I'll call them. My Kindle 
They say that I'm the new fire man, but I'm a leave that to Wayne 
Me and Pac both told you niggas that we had so much pain. 
I'M tired of these lames saying that they're too hot 
Because to tell the truth. My nigga um yeah you're, really not 
They, used to see Z-Mane say he was so cold 
But. He came back to bring that fire to you, niggas' soul, 
Like whoa, I'm about to be gone. Like I said on that Royal City 
I see these niggas and I burn them up. There'S no pity 
And, then I'm outtie 5000 or should I say, 3 
What up to Andre These niggas' lames can't be like me, 
 
I'm too hot, I'm so cold 
Never. Really warm, but I got so much soul. 
Like Aretha, just can't beat me bruh 
Don't make me get to swinging on you like Derek Jeter, 
It's R.G.O.D.. Until the day I go 
I rep for Trotman City too, but you already know 
What up to Lil Weezy Yeah. You know what it is 
I'm hotter than the sun. You can't get like this
 
