How Hustlers Do It Lyrics
by Swishahouse.


Bounce Paul Wall, let's see if we can make these hoes bounce 
Keke. What'S up nigga 
 
Webbie 
Now I been looking around. I see some pretty lil' thangs out, 
This all making sense thats'. The reason why I came out 
Big fine make you wan na squeeze, letting it hang out. 
Addictive and deceivers. One of these I'ma bring out 
Meet me at the bar. I don't like the way they treat me at the bar 
So. I snuck a couple gallons out the car 
Oh boy, this bitch thick. You know we like the times when it's thick 
Me and the click get the shine on all bitches 
Big fat diamond chain know I'm blinding those bitches 
Work that big fat thang wish. She had. Mo' titties 
But. She got enough bank to take the snack. So I ain't tripping 
I was hitting. She was licking Paul Wall. That'S pimping, 
Told! Her might as well keep your drawas off cause all niggas, all right, 
Down, the hall and bout, doing some'ing with ya 
From. The artist to record em mayn the whole trio hit her 
Then. She hollered. I ain't, never fucked this many real niggas, 
 
This. How them hustlers do it. I prolly creep with em 
I, don't love em, I don't smoke and I don't lean with em 
Yeah y'all. Nothing but tens if I'm seen with em 
It, don't take that much for me to lean with em 
And money. Raining. Look I'm staying 
Whatever in here. She ain't doing no complaining, 
Money raining! Look I'm staying 
Whatever in here. She ain't doing no complaining, 
, 
Lil' Keke 
Straight to the bar for a shot of Patrone 
If. I wink and she blink garunteed. It'S on 
This pimping over here baby play no game, 
With them shorts. In your ass. You lil' nasty, thang 
Hey after the club. It'S the hotel lobby 
The Don is the truth, not a carbon copy, 
She, drunk and sloppy, and full of them beans. 
My team is kushed out and we full of that lean. 
Pull out the magnum I'm tightly strapped 
It was straight to the slab with her head. In my lap, 
I'm high as a moon, candy, maroon, 
84's and butter rolls so nigga stay tuned, 
A playa for real. They see the stacks, I'm gaining 
This Swishahouse trick and the money is raining. 
California king. I keep three in the bed. 
I was getting some head. Get-Getting some head 
 
Yung, Redd, 
I ain't Mannie, but I'm fresh 
Got, a house full of swishas mayn, I'm rolling up the best know. I'M tal'n bout, 
A lil' bit of that kush just to give me that push 
Paint wet like rain boy them hoes gon, look! 
Slim frame, T. Farris got my paper large 
Fame and your gal, I'm on her IPOD 
I been shining and I ain't lying 
Head to the Harlem Nights, money flying 
Ran with whole some'ing screwed. If you ain't know 
Different color flavors in my chain, taste the rainbow 
It's real talk. Let me show you what the hood like 
Fate, similar, that you'll taste, the good life 
Different hoes different reasons 
Yeah I hustle all year, so I'm balling all season. 
Purple rain got me, leaning, 
You on the sideline talking, but I got the hoes leaving 
 
