How I Feel Lyrics
by Tyler Cassidy.


Can'T feel a thing can't even feel pain. 
Somebody help me out, 
You just got got ta. Tell me why 
 
It's heavy, I feel it slipping through my fingers. 
The smoke from the shot in my past life lingers 
I'm calling, but I think the world is turning off the ringers 
Oh. Well I'll leave a voicemail. I turn it on to speaker. 
I'M, checking out it's kinda hard. What'S this about 
Middle finger to the sky, when we try to call him out 
If, I can make him mad enough. Then maybe he'll just show up 
Then. I don't got to pull this trigger. He'Ll just make me blow up 
Wish. I could say that I was nervous, I don't feel a thing 
Been waiting 8 years for the big bang and blood stains, 
I've, seen enough rain and suffering and hustling 
I'm, not saying I'm not sane, but I think I'm not sane 
In, just a couple of seconds Right before the shot rings, 
I get to see an image of my life where there is not rain. 
I get to see a vision of my life where there is not pain, 
And, not shame. So I lay down the gun and run the life lane. 
 
Millions of people 
Know just how I feel 
 
I look in the mirror at the face of adversity, 
In the eyes of the person I hate, who doesn't quit hurting me 
You're, my own worst enemy, you're grinning me 
Don't, wan na see me fly up out That city bring my kin with me 
But. Now, I'm hungry I'll make the world hate how much they love me. 
Coming from the underground slummed up and grubby 
Waiting for you fat cats to keep on getting chubby 
Keep up filling up that tummy yummy yummy, yummy, yummy, 
And imma eat you all up in one bite. My life 
Yeah imma, knock you all out with one strike. My life 
Yeah imma, cut you all down with one knife. My life 
My pain, my strife, my life, all right, 
See me in the street when you pass me in your benzes 
On, the sidewalk waiting outside of your fences, 
Up your driveway past your 20 inch rims' 
And beating on the door till it's bouncing off the hinges. 
 
Thank you, everyone who's, standing in my way, 
You're the light that keeps me up at night, the darkness in my day, 
You're the garbage in my garden, you're the reason that I'm hardened 
I'm a rock inside a shell I've been through hell. Now I'm a Spartan, 
I'm good ol' uncle sam I'll. Look you in your eyes, 
I want more than just to hear your cries. I want your demise 
I want you on this rope God. I hope I break through 
I want your head and your heart and your hopes and your dreams. 
Everything. You want everything you want from me: 
You're my curse, you're, my hearse 
You're, my death you're, my birth, 
You're, everything. I can't control everything that hurts 
I'm your nightmare. Man almost right there, man 
What's another year, Been at this for a light year. Man 
I'm the winner at the finish line, no matter how you try 
Because the difference between you and I is I'm ready to die. 
 
