Hustla Lyrics
by Yung Redd.


You know, why I hustle for mine.
Mo'fuckers, I'm still on the grind.
Ay H.$.E. niggas, G's up yeah.

Let me get a H, yeah I hustle all the time.
Now let me get a U, understand I'm about mine.
Let me get a S-T-L-E-R.
I'm a hustling ass nigga, my money so large.

Yung Redd.
The streets is wet I know, I preach this gutter flow.
A go round come back nigga, you reap what you sew.
Never took that much time, for me to know.
See I just planted my seed, and let my money grow.
Time reveal I'm real, these other niggas hoes.
And everyday's a gamble, so let the dice roll.
Where I'm from, I been repping from unteen.
It's been my theme, my earrings high beam.
Yeah Yung Redd enough said, I bump heads.
With these niggas, who thought that I couldn't make enough bread.
A hundred deep, I'm so strong.
Get high in the plane, wet I smoke his own grown.

Lil' Ron.
Grinding's a habit, I'm making this cabbage.
Block move like clockwork, if anybody asks.
Same as the Glock work, do it without a mask.
Learn to take it slow, when I'm making fast cash.
Dro smoking, out of gas masks.
The best grass put some'ing in the bank, stack and don't touch that.
So for crack, just show me where them bucks at.
Pull up in that truck, trust me sluts love that.
I could show you how to make ya doubles, smooth like butter.
But remember, I been through the struggle me and my brother.
Smuggle shit through check points, with no trouble.
Get a room and a coffee mug, make them hoes bubble.

Yung Redd.
Fuck you, and any nigga you run with.
You can play that punk shit, till you hear that Yung nigga.
That get's the deal in the hood, we them niggas they come get.
I'm all grind small time, licks I'm done with.
And it seem to me, y'all niggas ain't G's to me.
Must be a dream and y'all forseen, in the streets with me.

Lil' Ron.
I keep my heat with me, and send five where your chest at.
And them greentip bullets, going through that vest black.
I'm taking them green dollas, to where them checks at.
To the bank account, I put em and then I bring em out.
Fuck what you thinking bout, I ain't with that hanging out.
Lil' Ron getting paper, you wish you could make it out.

Yeah, I don't know what the fuck.
These niggas, was thinking out here.
We still on the grind mayn, we ain't never left mayn.
H.$.E. mo'fuckers, yeah.

