HYFR (RMX) Lyrics
by Zin-Zeta.


And you're so sad. It's too bad. I wish you could've had what I had.

All my bitches crave the riches which they THINK I have.
They don't understand that.
My money comes slowly and steady.
And only if everyone throws me some pennies.
For all these recordings they don't even let me know about.
Until it's like the day before.
At like four in the morning; it's surely annoying.
I'm sorry, but corny and boring MCs.
Are, like, always the first who want so much for free.
And they swear that they're special and act like I owe'em.
And try to make me think I'm lucky to know'em.
But I'm lucky mama didn't raise a dummy.
And that I can play it cool when they act funny.
Because, at the end of the day, I still need'em.
To keep me from going insane, so I feed'em.
BEATS... and beats, and beats, But, I ain't stupid; I tell them I don't.
sell'em; I lease'em..
I let'em make a hit from my sh*t, then hit'em up for my cut, till the sh*t.
gets weak, son.
So what're your thoughts on that?
What're your thoughts of my thoughts on wax?
If you think I'm wrong, nigga, SKIP this song.
But, if you feel me, nigga, sing along.

Hell yeah... hell yeah, hell yeah....
F*ckin' right... f*ckin' right, all right.
And we say, Hell yeah... hell yeah, hell yeah....
F*ckin' right... damn right, all right..

Nigga, what'chu want - new school or old school?
What the f*ck... you thought I couldn't do both, fool?
This whole hip-hop sh*t is a Cakewalk for me.
So don't give me Reason to use ProTools.
Most niggas got a lot of sh*t to go through.
Before they get to me, and I don't even KNOW you.
So, don't step outta line and get your whole crew shot.
Bullets will heat up your stomach like soul food.
Don't give me reason to go back to my old ways.
I was herbin' niggas back in the old days.
If they would ever try to come to me and act up.
They got the top of their heads slapped. Homie don't play... that..
Put a bullet in your wave cap.
Push your finger-waves back, then grab your chick's ass.
Make her gag on the dick, back and forth, quick-fast.
Have her catch whiplash, then tell her to think fast.
So what're your thoughts on that?
What're your thoughts of my thoughts on wax?
If you think I'm wrong, nigga, SKIP this song.
But, if you feel me, nigga, sing along....
... Sh*t....

If you think I'm wrong, nigga, SKIP this song! But, if you feel me, nigga,.
sing along.

Hell yeah... hell yeah, hell yeah....
F*ckin' right... f*ckin' right, all right.
And we say, Hell yeah... hell yeah, hell yeah....
F*ckin' right... damn right, all right..

