Hype Boys Lyrics
by Sway UK.


Hype boys hype boys, everyone's a killer, 
Drug dealer with a nine mill-a 
That's, not sensible, and I can sense the bull 
That's why these rappers couldn't see me coming 
If. They were vaginas with spectacles. 
And I've got the testicles to testify the truth. 
Half, these rappers are only gangsters in the booth 
And. They ain't never been to no Pen, they just hold one 
Me. I be no gangster, I'm just telling you the truth. 
But I run up in the game like Bang, bang, bang, bang, 
That's! Why that's why everybody keeps saying 
Have, you heard Sway He's Nang nang, nang, nang, 
That guy, that guy's heavy in the game. 
And I've said why buy this Fe-Fi-Fo 
But them guys could never defeat. My flow 
Sway all the way from the? U to the K. 
Roll up with Bacardi in the tee-total 
Getting over the CDs, I've sold in it. 
I don't want them to know. That'S the gold innit 
That's the goal: innit 
Half the haters. They ain't doing nothing with a mic but holdin' it. They slow
with it 
So. They could never bring the game into the new school 
I play too brutal 
Plus, I'm out of control like a cross-eyed teacher's pupil, 
People down in England, ain't all wild 
But, some places in Britain ain't the place to raise your child 
Cos, even the royal family ain't. All smiles 
Cos, everybody knows Harry, don't look like Charles 
See me. I'Ve never been to court 
And. I'Ve never been on trial boy 
Never been caught, even though I've been around boy 
What's. That thing in your hand, Put it down boy: 
Cos you're, not a killer; you're! A sound boy, 
 
Hype boys hype, boys, 
, 
On, the mic boys mic boys, 
 
And, the semi goes bratatatatatatatata 
And, the semi goes, ratata, bang, bang, 
, 
The pound is stronger than the dollar holla 
Sway. I ran up in this game like a robber without a rubber 
And. Now I been around and I'm pro 
Won a couple of awards now, a round of applause 
And. Now I'm making Ps and I'm pleasing my people, 
Not even a Jamiroquai hat - could fit my ego 
‘Nuff of these rappers ain't, real they're, just rapping hype. 
Why, you shouting all the time. Don'T you have a mic 
Run up in the club like be-ow be-ow 
Bust, two lyrics, then we out we out 
Them boys talk too lee-oud lee-oud 
But. They puss like meow meow 
And. They don't really want no war time. 
This rap game is all mine. 
It will never be your time, allow it bruv, ,'cos, you're small time 
And. I got more time so settle down boy 
Before I make you look like something like a clown boy. 
What'S that thing in your hand, Put it down boy: 
Cos you're, not a killa, you're, a sound boy, 
 
Are, you a liar. If your reply is no 
you're lying now 
Because we live in a lie: 
And then we die and then we're lying down 
Look. At my Adam's apple, it's not that my neck hurts 
No. No, it's just the truth is hard to swallow. 
And. You can see that I'm an expert 
So, let let me elaborate as I navigate like a husky 
But trust me. The truth is, I wouldn't even trust me. 
Many rely in religion that doesn't make sense. 
Cause, that's considered a sin. 
It is really no winning cause every one harbors a liar within them. It'S just
that we're different 
Being. A bad liar is like having a bad lawyer 
As soon as they get caught. They get the sentence, uffed up, 
A good liar's, benevolent with a memory like an elephant 
Intelligent and knows exactly when to shhhhh 
Lies spread around like viruses. So how can I survive in this 
Cause? Even the truth lies – in people's irises 

Got, my talent for twisting words 
Hence my title: I'm a liericist 
When. You work, the people don't want to leave alone. 
Cause you got ta make money, you don't need the loan 
I'm a businessman underneath the foam 
But. You lie to the people and lead them on 
You're, not a bad boy. No, I got a bad boy flow 
Cos. When in Rome you do what the Romans do. 
Especially, when all roads lead to Rome, 
You need to stop pretending., Your mixtapes are still in boxes, cause you don't
have a fan in your bedroom. 
What'S. That thing in your hand, Put it down boy: 
Cause you're, not a killa you're, a sound boy
 
