I Don't Fuck Around Lyrics
by Xc.


Yo I don't fuck around, I don't fuck around Fee.
And if you fuck around, stay the fuck from round me.
A lil paranoid I keep a couple round free.
Hommie got it kris krossed if they jump around me.
Oh you really love her shoulda kept her from around me.
I'm tryna swim in it shorty want to drown me.
Them hoodrat bitches stay the from fuck from round me.
And the pretty ones they don't even cuss around me.
I said I'm sorry ma thats not aloud.
And ya should watch ya mouth anyway thats outta style.
Yeah time is money catch me clocking out.
If you don't know what that mean I help you sound it out.
Its Big Business everything here enormous.
Big checks like Shaq in a pair of forces.
Bodybag flow I kill hella shit.
They ask me how I feel I feel celibate.

I don't fuck around, I don't fuck around.
I just run the town, nigga I don't fuck around.
Them niggas talking loud til the time I come around.
If you don't shut em up I'mma shut em down.
Shut em down, I don't fuck around.
I'm faithful to the game nigga I don't fuck around.
You niggas scaring who waisting all them fucking rounds.
You keep on shooting up I'mma gun em down.

Down, down hit his leg.
Hit his chest, hit his waist hit his head.
Kill em dead You heard what them niggas said.
They say they waving toast at anybody getting bread.
But who the fuck you tryna scare nigga.
I said I'm just def and I don't even hear niggas.
Ain't nothing so so lets get out clear nigga.
I coulda put em I the trunk I'm tryna spare niggas.
Guess he shoulda split tell him stay in his lane.
Yeah you struck out peep how I'm changing the game.
You say ya flow crack then how could you think we the same.
When my flow blow and that's why they take me in vain.
The shooting up ain't never worry me.
I could do em dirty or put em underneath.
I rather see em shine he like a son to me.
I'm loyal to the game I swear I love her B.
I don't fuck around plus niggas can't fuck with me.
So far ahead of em all but I'm sucker free.
And I just keep coming how they gon keep up with me.
I bust on every track shorty tuck ya weave.
Yeah youngn I'm on it.
My flow just do muthafucking platonic.
Yeah and everything I get I murder that.
My shit ain't never been fuck with I kick virgin raps.

