I Don't Care Lyrics
by Swifty McVay.


From, the cradle to the grave 
This nigga, wasn't raised to be a slave 
An entrepreneur stuck in his ways. 
I, don't care about your actions, 
Whether you sniffin'caine 
Or! Even if you gave an AK to Ronald Reagan, 
I don't care. If you was praising the 80's 
You ain't shit to me, 
Funkadelic history or hippies in the 60's 
Or, an elderly patient, a war-war conversation, 
I ain't, protecting this forsaken nation 
They still got me on papers, contract or probation 
For. Every dollar I make it's four haters 
That can't wait to make her come up. 
They watch a nigga and wishing I was lazy, 
But sleeping just ain't me, 
And being ocaleptic, doesn't pay me 
Unless a nigga selling records on the internet 
Lately. I been underestimated greatly. 
You! Never put fear in me to break me is a damn conspiracy 
And. Lately I getting the cipher's. If I want to 
But nah, they see me in the circle. I'M stomping 
Whoever think to test me like professors 
I'm, giving this asswhooping 
So. You can catch this motherfucking lesson, 
I, don't care about nothing: black 
But Dirty Dozen comrade 
And player haters be wishing that I caught a cap 
Or in the cadillac with brains in my lap 
But. They will never come where I'm at 
I. Don'T care, nigga, !
 
People! Stop and stare 
Like. I am something rare 
Well. Those silly looks you can spare 
Cuz, I don't care. 
I will not fight to fare. 
I. Do so solemly swear 
If, that's something you can't bear 
Well. I don't care 
 
See, I celebrate alone 
I. Never let people inside my home 
Cuz, I don't keep my same phone number on 
I change it every other week, 
And, I'm my own agent, 
I speak for myself, got no patience, 
Get irritated mo and major polticians 
That don't get no. Where and I will never sell. My soul 
To any individual, no matter how large the residual 
You try to give my salvation's critical, 
For shit. I did years ago my nerves are working, 
My old peers are gone cuz, they served their purpose 
In. My life and two wrongs will never make it right. 
We ain't perfect, but I won't make the same mistakes twice: 
And the dice you was rolling, it wasn't always 7 or 11 
And crap sometime, they kept me going. 
I will never let it a no win situation. Haunt me 
Even. If you were snitching me like faggot, ass, Choncey, 
 
See, this hip hop needs a nigga 
But, I don't need. The haters 
Rap is like food. Eating is second nature: 
My notebooks the plate. My lyrics are the faucet 
And fuck, whoever having thoughts of eating off it. 
I earned my bread, I baked it in an instant 
So. What if you pissed, nigga Wash your own dishes? 
You can't rub a bottle, and there ain't no three wishes. 
The only Genie is in the sky and he's pissed 
All our fuck ups and fighting and mobbing every night and 
You can run from slugs, but we can't dodge the lighting. 
I don't get excited. I know how Life is 
Ain't got ta, be the five-o to raise you and indicte shit. 
Call yourself, a grown man. Really, though, Silly ho 
But on your nightstand, you keep a box of KIX cereal 
I couldn't be a hero, my screws are let loose. 
The government would never give a fuck on who I rescue 
I. Don'T care 
, 
