I Don't Like Me Lyrics
by Yung MillzZ.


I'm on beastmode no nights off I just ball.
Freethrows is me taking shots at y'all.
Scope my gear my view is very clear.
CFS you couldn't see my swagg from every Lear.
Flyer then a mug, swagg on 300.
Y'all niggas pop a tag I cop a mag and keep huntin.
Is he stuntin? didn't even need the chain.
I walk out with the Perria and say my name.
And watch your girl start walkin.
Throw a tre in the air and the birds start talkin.
They be YM &amp; YM that.
I tell 'em YM rich cause YM spit crack.
You listenin' to the beast, hold up it goes.
Fuck bitches, get money, mission complete.
Gun loaded poppin' bullets at the beat.
Put holes in the front like its missin' some teeth.
Nigga I been real since before the R.
Been rollin' since before the car.
Been holdin' since before they snapped the ball is how I do this.
Steven Segall kickin' that raw 300 spartan squad music.

But I'm an asshole so I don't really like me.
It takes 4 or 5 girls to excite me.
I never do the right thing, I'm no Spike Lee.
But me fallin' off that shit is less than likely.
Never dropped a dub to club me.
Never inspired niggas to do the dougie.
You still can't put nothin above me.
So I ain't gotta like me as long as your girl love me.

Swagg era product, I kicks it.
So hard Janikowski can't top 'em, wicked.
Is what I am therefore I get no sleep.
I get those beats then shit on a sheet and rip those beats.
I peak on the peak, you.
sleep on G, you will be murdered for your blasphemy.
Nigga you can't beat on a beat, they won't be looking for you after me.

I know you're not beefin' with me.
If you think you are best retreat 'fore you be.
On a UHaul on a fleet to the sea.
Then I have your broad retweet your decease.
Motherfucker I ball, your seat by the geeks.
My fleet by the lake, my bitch by the beach.
My key by the safe, cause my cheese be on me.
And the shoes on my feet cost three of your jeeps.
Motherfucker I be, that S-H-I they lie.
If they say he ain't fly.
I've been in the game, I'm no EA, bitch I'm A.I.
I said I've been harder, Vince Carter.
Tracy McGrady, Lebron Baller.
Don't know who y'all is, I'm Christopher Wallace.
I do it B.I.G. while y'all do the smallest.
Regardless of what you think of him, B-Words eager to sleep with him.
Beat the beaver then flee on them, jeepers creepers he's eatin' 'em.
Peep the Reverb to peak on him, niggers he words the beat for them.
She heard she works to be with him, but she'd prefer this secret um.

Mic check one two, one two.
I might cash a nice check and catch where you run to.
Bring one for your boy, and bring you one too.
So even if its two to one I doubt that you'd want to.
Run through you like Ray Lew in the U.
Then spread two through my crew and ran one right through you 'til you.
through.
Then threw you in the lake with the tool and the two.
And kept one in the whip and rolled off to U2.
is it getting better or do you feel the same.
Play around and drop a name, a nigga might have to kill the game.
I hop you feel the gang the swagger to the ceiling fan.
Have a nigga defenestrated make you feel that window pain.
Third story no Joe Budden,.
you celibate swagg I'm flo fuckin'.
My celery grow thats Jolly Green, my pockets start lookin' doughmongous.
Yo flo is on a low budget, mixtape stuck on oh nothin.
My kick game throwed like its dro puffin.
You shit ain't smokin' on nothin.
Shit lookin' Liu-Kangish.
Mac ten steps above you hoobangin.
Who bang like me yo meter stay under 18 like no ID.
But none of that was needed to be the leader of leaders.
Got classic lyrical addidas proceed to retrieve 'em.
Never concede cause I'm be the elite of elite.
And I can say that cause everything I put on beats is beast.

