I Got You Girl Lyrics
by 504 Boys.


Come on girl, P. and C...
Sinners doin' the track...
Long as you thuggin'...
We got you.

Girl.
You don't even know my name.
But then why'd you spit my game.
Maybe we can chill for a lil' while.
Girl.
Cuz I like it jazzy style.
I can make it worth your while.
You will never want another.

Girl, your so sweet, you make me weak.
And there will never be another like me.
I'm for real, I'm tellin' you how I feel.
Cuz my life is the bomb girl.

I wanna be your best friend girl, call me Poppi.
Hit me on the celly, you need me you got me.
I wanna show ya another side of life.
Like mansions, Benz's, Roley's, ice.
You could be my best friend, let's thug together.
Tattoo my name on your leg, we could ride forever.
I went to jail baby, you was the first to visit.
We met in the hood so you my ghetto princess.
Like Bonnie and Clyde so I got ya back.
Matchin' championship rings like Kobe and Shaq.
Whatever the kids need then I got you boo.
Twin new Benz's, your's red, mine blue.

Yeah, yo ma I hatin' or nothin'.
But if you waitin' for a dude to do you good then you waitin' for nothin'.
You need to get wit' a playa like me.
We could sit and talk on the couch in the V.I.P.
And I know how these fools be.
In the club, rockin' costumes, jewelry, tryin' to feel on your booty.
But that ain't even my style.
I know I got a rep on the streets and these girls say I'm wild.
Yeah, I was a dog, but that's in my past.
This club too loud, we could hop up in my Jag.
And we could go wherever you want.
Hit the mall in the mornin', you could shop til' you fill up the trunk.
Uh, I know this sounds nice.
So won't you go and tell your girls that your leavin' wit' Curren$y tonight.
Uh, young playa got game, so proper.
So relax baby girl, once I got you, I got you.

Now girl I know ya want me, I can see in your eyes.
But ya used to fake playaz who be feedin' ya lies.
I don't have no weak mind so I don't fall for the lame.
Either I get you or you get me but it's all in the game.
I ain't never been a dog but I'm off of the chain.
Like deed, I'll make you sweat, unless it's all for my name.
See the ladies love Choppa, they say that it's on.
And I'ma be a playa playa til' the day that I'm gone.

My ghetto princess... I got you girl.
Pick out whatever you want... what.
15, 20 karats... money ain't an option baby.
The New No Limit... I told you, I got that.
We thuggin'... ya heard me.

