I Got Love Lyrics
by The Wreckshop Family.


Huh huh: this goes out to all the real niggas 
Locked up niggas in the street hustling to feed they family 
Know, I'm tal'n bout. It'S real Noke D, 
 
I got love for niggas hustling the streets 
Trying to stay up on they feet, trying to make they ends meet 
I got love for my niggas doing time 
Locked down, but they can find with so much up on they mind. 
 
Noke D 
I got love for all my niggas in the street 
Packing the heat maintaining staying on feet, 
I'm number one in the ratings that nigga from BMT 
And, all those that hate me. I'Ve been praying for you lately, 
 
D-Reck 
I got L-O-V-E for young and O.G.'s 
Who run in controlled streets, sell dope just to eat. 
Born misunderstood torn between bad and good 
Raised. Up in the hood trying to get paid like they should 
 
Noke D 
You can't fade me with reality. Shit I live. I love it. 
I push it. I shove it. I grip it. I hug it 
It's tug of war with this Southern superstar 
About to let the whole wide world know who we are: :
 
D-Reck, 
Dirty, 3rd movie, stars country, boys, making noise 
On a mission with a cause. What you hear came from God, 
You can hear it in my heart, see a soldier play his part. 
Each one teach one. What he's taught keep his son from getting caught? 
, 
Noke D 
Man, it's a movement. We choose to use music to do it 
And. If that's too confusing, show love and gon Screw it. 
 
I got love for niggas hustling the streets 
Trying to stay up on they feet, trying to make they ends meet 
I got love for my niggas doing time 
Locked down, but they can find with so much up on they mind. 
I got love for my niggas on the block 
Where the hustle never stop ducking dodging the cops. 
I got love for my niggas in the hood, 
My niggas doing bad and my niggas doing good 
, 
D-Reck 
I'm bout to reveal to you motherfuckers the definition of real 
It's when a nigga refuse to face defeat, no matter how steep the hill 
When a nigga deal With responsibility it come with getting older, 
Like carrying his friends, his family and the community on his shoulders 
Cause. He who get the paper but never forget from where he came. 
That leave a lil' something behind for his kids, not just his name 
It's. He who learn to love even the ones that hate 
And he who knows to forgive, is to be forgiven for his mistakes. 
 
A3 
For niggas up on the cut hustling hard to make a buck 
Jackers bust, real niggas do duck not trying to see they life destruct. 
Some of these boys don't give a fuck. Some of these niggas out here is stuck 
I'm grabbing the green and holding it up inhale the smoke then dump the but 
For all my niggas who up in the Penn twirling they life in 5 to 10 
No need to pretend I'm pouring up Gin when niggas Turn fake, I blunted they
chin 
9 to 5, be on that job 24/7. He praising the Lord 
A lot of these niggas is scan'lous and fraud, but fuck what they say up on the
teflon 
Who. Is you to judge a G where were you at when we needed to eat 
Where? Were you when we were scared to sleep, but now you come trick. Beat your
feet 
I put my faith in G-O-D and cats that put they faith in me 
See. Lately the world is changing, prophecy's told and falsly claiming 
Lyrically aiming for my dogs, I'm the light up in the fog 
Up in this game. I be's a hog no time to stall, they bound to fall 
I'm moving a round, that's made of brick. I told you this that shit that stick 
I love my niggas, my niggas is it. I got the ball so set the pick. 
 
Yeah mayn this. For my niggas that had it hard 
Them boys holding down a job, know I'm saying 
Niggas in the gutter living like the mob man 
We still getting it. Man Wreckshop to the G-R-A-V-E baby 
This Young Gott-O man come on with it baby, 
 
For real mayn. This! Your boy A3 baby up in here, mayn 
We, putting it down for all my niggas locked up behind them bars. 
You know I'm saying my niggas on the corner. 
Trying to put food on the table know I'm saying 
This go out to them. Praying grandmothers and mothers mayn 
Them fathers that do what they got. Ta do keep ya head up. Baby 
We got love for all y'all, get your bread 
 
