I Hold My Own Lyrics
by 50/50 Twin.


I hold my own. I ain't worried bout. You 
M-O-E is what it is when I do what I do, 
Money over everything except family and God, 
Heater on my lap, swanging down the boulevard, 
 
Trae 
I never knew that it would be later, but I'm living proof. 
Fo' clips and a click of gorillas can show the world the Truth 
So they say. My attitude is the reason I won't make it out Houston, Texas, 
I'm, a Asshole to the death huh. Better leave me in Houston, Texas, 
I ride for the one and only Mr. Robert Davis, 
Who A.K.A., the King of the H. So you niggas know who the greatest 
Don't make me watch what happened? It ain't, no more doing no songs 
Until. They give that at me touched, and I still feel like you in the wrong 
They better get back cause. I'M back in the zone. I pack chrome blown no better
give me my space 
Unless, you wan na see em I get deep when I'm about to click, giving hands to
your face 
Ain't too much niggas done got me back to the corner, ready to for the mail 
I wan na get to heaven, But right now, I'm still creeping through hell 
That's why it's finna be drama till the day that I decide. 
That, I'm sick of giving em drama, niggas gon, learn 
A, arrogant. Asshole can really be a problem to motherfuckers 
Empty the clip and get to squabbing you motherfuckers for real 
 
Trae 
Don't get beside yourself nigga. Unless you wan na suffer the consequence. 
I promise you bout to get beat the fuck up for trying to push your confidence. 
The pain is a given, but still I choose to play it even against the odds. 
I'Ma be one to take the chance put these niggas off in they place like broads 
Half of the time it be the hate to make these niggas think they can try ya. 
Till they see you bout your gangsta. Now they ass scared to get by ya. 
Gorillas, don't play even amongst eachother. We gon be 
Fuck around and I call the coach just watch how fast you lose your teeth, 
I'm heated and on the daily. I wake up on the wrong side of the bed 
From. What they said off of my actions, I'll be headed for dead 
It is what it is, no excuse and no apologizing 
Just dedication from the fuck-you finger, I'm emphasizing 
I'm A.B.N.. I make my own rules to live the streets. 
Ford and Berry got a problem cause. He done all that ain't gon, stop the heat, 
It's gon na be a ride, so it's best to buckle your belt together, 
Fuck Sonny bitch you about to witness some crucial weather, 
 
50/50 Twin 
Hot days under the sun voice, meter pack guns 
Refusing to tuck. My tail turned me into a Don 
Many missions are to come, I feel like they won 
Me losing a fight. Ever I recall one 
Northside to the South real recognize real 
My words touch your gut. Then you feel like I feel, 
This, S.L.A.B. and Roc-4-Roc. Why stop cause a hater hate 
Camera on the bumper peeping robbers, as I navigate 
Agitate or eritate 50? Is a no-no 
Leave your ass, laying on the street like a hobo 
Tipping on five fo's, one on the trunk 
Six 15's bump make my rearview jump 
License plate. Not crooked, looking good gripping wood 
It's the same in every hood time to eat and get full 
Hustle till I fall asleep. Then I dream about money. 
Money talk, bullshit, walk! You fronting!
 
