I Made It Lyrics
by Ruslan.


I'm done, tipping on my toes, running through the hoes.
I've run my heart through with the beats just because.
I need no rest, trying my best, but no one is impressed.
I don't have to be blessed to be that assessed, yes.
Hi T.S. and everybody, I'm looking for a better body.
You're claiming the bestest rappers, scribbling fucking letters, Codies.
Sucks already, hating on us Bonds, you can call us Chasers.
Story-tellers, getting higher pace by pace straight to the space and.
You fall from grace if you do not recognize our chance, you put another phrase.
It makes no sense, it's just a game, it's just a race and we're in France.
Kings in Paris balling so hard, but we even don't ball and even don't roll.
Your empty soul's crawling in the hole, searching for the parole, yeah, under.
my sole.
Ohh.. I'm outta control, all I do is motherfucking in your brains.
Affirmative action, a heart attack and blood stop rushing through your veins.
Your talk is cheap, it makes two cents, I'm so fluent, you're in turbulence.
I'm getting advance and throwing my lance, you better just hence to the zone.
defence.

If u want me to do it.
I can make you screw and.
Leave this fucking boring bullshit.
I just wanna say.
I made it, I made it, I made it, I made it.
You faded, you faded, you faded, you faded.
Don't get it, don't get it, it's gettin complicated.
Be patient, be patient, I did it, I made it.

Voice you've never heard, face you've never seen gonna kill.
You and this beat, like I paid a bill, open these gates, cuz I'm big wheel.
And I feel happy like I win a deal, bitch I turn on my heel.
Got the best critic, she's so perfect, correcting me and my weak lyrics.
It's golden rule, that's how goes physics, the more words weak, the more I.
get spirit.
To write, to make, create this shit, put it on a line, my flow's so.
plastic.
Bitches just envy that I'm fantastic on the fucking stage because I'mma.
master.
Yeah I go nasty like clown Krusty, like the sweetest candy with the hottest.
mustard.
My thoughts are made up like they're clustered, stitch the rhymes faster than.
Busta.
Can not even get it, mind's blown like rasta's, plus don't tell me what I must.
do.
I prepared it, give me just a second motherfucker, here is your pasta.
Yeah... eat it, eat it like it's your last bitch.
I know you don't get it, you will never pass it.
I'm spitting some metaphors, you're gettin stuck in matching.
Turned all the lights on, so my lights keep flashing.

If u want me to do it.
I can make you screw and.
Leave this fucking boring bullshit.
I just wanna say.
I made it, I made it, I made it, I made it.
You faded, you faded, you faded, you faded.
Don't get it, don't get it, it's gettin complicated.
Be patient, be patient, I did it, I made it.

