I Promise... Lyrics
by Ty Infinite.


I don't know what you want from me.
But you can take your chances and fuck with me.
And get fucked up beyond belief.
I promise thee, I promise ye.

I'm only one human but I'm booming like a whole unit.
Never prudent, proving you the students to this punic music.
Fluent with it since the Infinite-switch lit the fluid fueling it.
Now I'll ruin you kids and leave you swimming with the tuna fishes.

Oh, you're too afraid to look?
I'll take away your way, then what? No given fucks.
I'm picking a pump and aiming for your diaphragm.
Ruptured lungs is what you're dying from.
I'm diabolical, bound to take your mom to school.
Plotting on impossibles abound and breaking lots of rules.
Thrashing until the death of me for the best in me.
Want to check? Go ahead and see.
I'm set, prepped and ready for war, come get me.
You fuckers just some pests pesting me.
Step to me and eventually get caught in my insecticide.
Sike, instantaneous man, attempting is escape is meaningless.
And you better be thanking me for painting this perfect picture.
Ain't it is?

Cause now you know you're going to die.
Regardless of what you do.
So pray towards the sky.
No one is coming for you.

That I promise.

What? I'm only one person.

Worse than sermons serving up the hurting.
Concerning it urgent with urges to burst.
And run up in schools and go mass murdering.
Like you fools have already heard of it.
And treating it like it's a tournament.
So pitch the ball, got a baseball bat, going to hit long.
Out of this motherfucking stadium.
And make you fuckers look like you playing dumb.
When I state your name and then hang it up.
By your neck now your breath is hanging up.
You're having trouble with it until the pain is up.
And then I'll tell the tale and won't make it up.
New Age Poe writing rhymes down on my page bold.
Italicize a bit, style ain't no thing to mess with.
It's a crazed hoe on crack.
Relapse back to coke, equal to my mind, no joke.
Insane asylums won't hold me.
Get rejected, no go.
Cause I'm too off my rocker going bonkers.
Young my topping doctors trying find them problem blockers.
To keep me from these plots to conquer.
But I'll off your roster whole and show my face.
I'm no imposter so crack your back, bitch.
And get used to the posture.

Ty Infinite on full attack.
Fifty gats cocked back and I'm ready to blow.
Ty Infinite on full attack.
Livid as Spring acts, bringing death to you slow.

That I promise.
Woah.

Fuck!
Shit!
*Screams.
Fuckin fuck.
Oh yeah.

