I Say
by Wrekless.

Hitman &amp; Jet 2.
Aye shawty, what yo name is.
What yo name is?
Cause I'm Hitman.
Let's go.

So you can go ahead and spazz if you want.
Never let a nigga touch that if he ever does ask.
If you got a feeling he gon' drill it, then it's on.
And you can go ahead and brag to your friends if he don't.
Cause I got you screaming ahh.
Ahh ahh ahh ahhh ah ahhh ahh.

Wrekless baby yeah.
Go run until I say stop.
Wrist watch on my arm going tic tock.
Ooh, baby I love it, this shit knocks.
Actor, comedy like Chris Rock.
Yeah I'm on my protein spit.
Feeling wheybolic, I flex this shit.
Running through yo' veins, this is ludicrous.
Hated on me like everybody hates Chris.
Damn. Leave y'all niggas stinking.
Waka Flocka Flame, I'm a bomb detonating.
It's grade time, need hits, so I'm craving.
No it's not me, it's you who needs saving.
I'm going money crazy.
R TuNE, lady I'm a 90s baby.
All this green, it's kind of crazy.
I'm number one, no Tracy McGrady.

Spas if you want to, more insane.
Hot as ever, but I'm still cold game.
Ahh you'ze lame, so I put it to shame.
I ain't hit shit, only kush to blame.
Let's get it in, counter that with some gin.
Mix it in with your friends.
Nah, bitch the twins.
Used to be triplets.
Got one to flip it.
World ain't fair, life shorter than a midget.
With it, with it.
Y'all should quit it quit it.
It hurts to admit, but yo' chick, I hit it.
She was terrific, that's too specific.
But, she's acquitted right after we did it.
Shit gets crazy.
Slide that Corona and lime, I'm so Swazye.
Girl for real.
Sex or the head, how about the package deal.
Let's keep it real.
No fronting, no.
I give her meat, she give me cheese; no Lunchables.
I promise, I'm being honest when I say I'm half amazing.
Gave her the dick once, now you know what she's craving.

Oh, that's your lady? Bet I leave your girl cheesy.
I work a dancer like Lula Washington, D.C.
Word to Iman, man the flow is I-Easy.
See, I love life and everything in between it.
Niggas in the game, but I be organizing seasons.
Call me Kobe Jordan on the court, cause I'm a genius.
The world is so cold, but ya boy is so anemic.
Flows make 'em sea sick, drown on my sea ship.
Sink in the puddy every time that I see it.
Lick her body down from her nipples to her feet tips.
All the way to her weave.
Regular hair or whatever, I got her praying for me.
Cause she always screaming Jesus.
Lord forgive me, but Jet 2 the stewardess.
Cause every time I see a fly girl, I'm on some chew her shit.
Easy beezies that be thicker than Yokozuna is.
On my Timone and Pumba shit, Matata Akuna, bitch.

Damn, I'm just playing baby.

