I Told You So Lyrics
by Rumor.


Make eno do you like things no go be cos you trailed or you dey fail.
Make you do you like you no dey see nobody else just keep it real.
When you wake up make you give thanks.
And continue to dey pull strings.
Ego rain, ego get stormy.
Tell my adversaries I'm sorry, they no go slow me, down.

Waiting to settle on the promised land.
Of this ghetto, I no be resident.
Only a passer by, if God can be pacified.
And the odds amplified.
I go probably say goodbye.
To all the pain, all the struggle.
You've been in chains like nunchucks.
This long hustle go drive you insane cos you know that you can't fly.
When you stand strong quick sand tries to suck you.
Back at home you never hear I love you.
You're from a broken home but you never see the rubble.
Walk outside and tough guys cracking they're knuckles.
Keep your eyes averted cos you want no trouble.
Pass wondering if it's because or in spite of you.
Looking over your shoulder.
Is it paranoia or the cowardice inside of you.
That's deciding who you become.
Only thing keeping you alive is the prospect of freedom.
And you let it inspire you.
You were trying to stay alive for the love of your life.
You used to keep her company and then she fired you.
You trying to do dirt cos you're hurt.
Don't lose sight of your true worth.
Spitting all this wisdom they asking if my tooth hurts.
You heard that me, me, I'm the baddest kid.
Tryna bag the baddest chick.
I dey on my hustle tryna stack some chips.
Them say dem do am, them never do it like this.
Ha! Except death may we never be severed from whatever endeavours.

Yeah, I came this close to being a father.
I was bothered by the news.
The surety with which she communicated it too.
Said it wasn't one of those maybes.
She was definitely pregnant and we were having a baby.
My whole life flashed before mine eyes.
Everything that had happened the luscious V of her thighs.
Contemplating getting a 9 to 5.
Cos music had never paid.
Not a sue in my name.
And being a man is more than having a mean shoe game.
See you shooting for the stars well that means you aim.
And go brεkεkεkε.
I tell you mabrε kεkε.
Every Christmas we prophesying afi sεsεε then we blow up.
But Santa clause will never show up.
The reaper trying to have the harvest of the sower.
So I plant my feet in the soil.
All this heat and toil better feed you.
And all your family, or breed insanity.
You died internally cos you gave up your fantasies.
Often too scared to seek.
Oh man that's sad to see don't be a casualty.
Open up a new chapter there's family to look after.
So what you can't take a big step take lil ones like you dancing the cha cha.
Happily ever after may probably never happen.
Exactly what you grappling with has to be one of the factors.
Of your success of course, don't go off course.

