I Wish Cut-Scene  F2Dreamin' Lyrics
by Swych.

I Wish Cut-Scene.
I wish I was a little bit taller.
I wish I was a baller.
I wish I had a girl, if I did, I would call her.
I wish I had my wallet overflowing with dollars.

F2Dreamin'.

6-4.

I'm getting money like a dope boy.
I'm getting money because I'm dope, boy.
French money, throw that in Montana.
Now they say He getting money like a.
Big blue bentley, probably shouldn't take it out.
If I pull up in that, my haters might just kill themselves.
Suicide doors, knots to my neck.
Knots- knots to my neck, I'm spending suicide O's.

Balling like Randy with eight A's.
Hundreds on my paper, I'm getting straight A's.
I'm the man, say it with me, even got some haters with me.
That's afraid to say it to me, because they ain't making money.
And it isn't everything, it's just all I see.
And I might just take it with me when I R-I-P, I be.
With a backpack full of fat stacks of them rat snacks, that's cheese.
Then I woke up and I'm broke but.
I be's.

F-2-Dreamin', I'm F-2-Dreamin'.
I'm just F-2-Dreamin', I'm F-2-Dreamin'.
Yeah, you know who the team is.
F2D that dreamgang and we be.
F-2-Dreamin', we just F-2-Dreamin'.
I wake up in the morning with that money on my mind.
And my shorty looking fine, it ain't hard to tell that I be.
F-2-Dreamin', I'm F-2-Dreamin'.
I'm F-2-Dreamin', I'm a F-2-Dreamer baby.

And my shorty bad too.
Her body a work of art, like she into tattoos.
In the murdercielago, or the murdercedes benz.
I can count on shorty, she a 1, 2, 10.
So she sitting in the passenger.
Shorty hold me down even when I ain't around.
So I ain't even got to tell her.
Baby you got to know that I'm just out here.
Doing what I got to do for me and you.
And we eating, she.
ain't even got to cook, we got a cook.
Pissing off my haters even when I tell her not to.
Racks in her pocketbook, rack on her chest.
Need a plaque on her wall, from the back she the best.
From the front? She the dopest, from the side? She a queen.
Ain't no groupie but she ride for the team.
They say she the trillest out, damn that makes two of us.
And that makes two of us.
And then I woke up because I was.

Even my son gon' be the man kid.
Y'all probably end up as my grandkids.
Stuntin' like his daddy, if you notice your girl is missing.
She probably around my son like a solar system so what it do?
And I'm sure he'll be a trill ass dude.
But I'll be proud of my seed as long as he ain't like you.
In fact I wake up in the morning, thank the Lord I ain't you.
And then I flush, wash my hands, and get back to the loot, hold up.
Even got a name picked, we gon' call him Jason.
In memory of Jason, rest in peace to Jason.
Beef? He'll taze it.
Females chasing.
But I'm a teach him how to keep it trill just like the late Pimp.
More soul than a old Kanye samp'.
With Illuminati money, ain't nothing free but a mason.
Haters, thought that maybe they would have it when I ain't around.
But they just F-2-Dreamin'.

Breakdown.
And I'm a F-2-D-Dreamgangsta.
I throw that F2Ddreamgang up.
F-2-Dreamin'.
I'm F-2-Dreamin'.
I'm a F-2-Dreamer baby.

Breakdown 2.
And it's a rhombus by the way.

