I'm A Scumbag Lyrics
by Zoltan Nebula.

Wake up, watcha know about??
Puttin' a toothbrush inside your mouth??
Just kiddin', I don't brush my teeth.
I'm a scumbag baby, my breath fuckin' wreaks.
I'm the opposite of the word pamper.
Fuck a drawer, I grab the boxers from my hamper.
Put on an old pair of jeans.
That I've been wearin' for the last 3 weeks.
Yup, I'm that kind of smelly.
Make a shirt from the lint in belly.
Button, I'm not bluffin', im fluffin'.
Walk up to a kid and steal his muffin.
Make my way down to the school yard.
Take out my key and scratch a few cars.
Take a banana peel, go to the field.
Drop it on the ground, watch a kid fall and squeal.
Have a laugh, then take out my smokes.
See which kid I can get to take a toke.
Tell him that its healthy, his parents are lying.
You'll be a real cool man, if you just try it.
He'll start to choke, he'll start to cough.
I'll tell him Take another puff and then walk it off.
As that happens, I'll start to leave.
Cause the kid has asthma, and he can't breathe.
Get to the road, but there's something I forgot.
Reach in my backpack and grab my sling shot.
Grab a few pebbles, grab a few stones.
Hide in the bushes and aim at some domes.
The pebbles fly, the kids cry.
He should'a listened to his mother cause he poked out an eye.
Gotta get outta there, the teachers outside.
But im too quick for them, Zoltans so sly.

I'm a scumbag, and that shows,/hump like a camel.
I'm a lowlife, cooked like a casserole.
I'm a dirty, rotten scoundrel.
Man I'm shitty, just like an asshole.

Got to the store and I bought some gum.
Chewed a whole bunch, the wads bigger than my thumb.
Took it out my mouth, it's like a mini anvil.
Found someones car, put it under the handle.
You shoulda seen their expression on their face.
That's a feeling that no soap can ever erase.
Went to the YMCA in the early hours.
Just so I could go and piss in the showers.
Went and jerked off inside of the stalls.
Not a tagger but I left my mark on the walls.
You could check the DNA, a scientist would say.
This babe is a grade A fuckin' scumbag!!

Well, I guess it's time to go home.
Log on to Facebook and Bang some hoes!!
And to steer clear of that H.I.V.
I only fuck girls with Fake I.D.'s.
We get in my house, she's suckin on my feet.
She's blind folded, she can't see the athletes.
Foot, lay back and stay put.
Put my toe in her ass, I don't pussy foot.
Bangin' the world, I siney sin sin.
Got more hair on my dick than I do on my chiney chin chin.

At the end of the day, I turned on the tube.
Nothin' good on so I watched the news.
Seen a headline that blew my mind.
Says Stranger offers smoke, young kid dies.
Oh shit!! That's that fuckin' kid.
With asthma who I told to smoke my cig.
Oh well, I did him a favour.
That'll teach him never to listen to a stranger.
But for real man, he was a fuckin' idiot.
He wasn't gonna grow up to some brilliant.
Dude, I'm scumbag, I don't care.
I'll fuckin' steal your comb then comb my pubic hair.

