I'm GOD Lyrics
by Unity Klan.


I'M GOD, I'm soveriegn.
I'M GOD, you best believe.
I'M GOD, vengance is mine.
I'M GOD, GOD, GOD.

I'M GOD, the GREAT I AM.
I'M GOD, I cannot die.
I'M GOD, I cannot die.
I'M GOD, GOD, GOD.

Big J.
Im a BIG GOD and I do BIG thangs.
Im the King of all kings, Jesus above all names.
Let my name reign, I raise the sunshine.
So you can rest, I give you nighttime.
Hosanna in the highest to be saved.
Im the only one in 3 days to get up from the grave.
I am, every time you think.
But I am a jealous God, but I still let you speak.
I am the LORD of Host, I gave you the Holy Ghost.
So you dont have to stress I wanna keep you blessed.
I DONT WANT KNOW ROBOT PRAISE!
If there's no heart felt and there's no hands raised.
Since Genesis 1 I predestined you son.
To have a free will so you could worship real.
I am the great Elshadi.
I CAN HEAR YOU WHEN YOU CRY.
Love me and dont worry when you die.

Jaz.
Im the Alpha and Omega the beginning and the end.
I created all things and you can still call me friend.
I took the dust of the earth and formed and molded mankind.
I give strength to the weak and give sight back to the blind.
The earth is mine and the fullness that you see.
Im the only one that can set your living soul free.
Eternity I hold in the palm of my hand.
From your veins to joins your muscles and your glands.
That I AM who can stand before the might one.
Before your blueprints were sketched in heaven is was done.
So won't you come to the chancerllor the counserlor.
Any questions that you have I know I'll answer ya.
I'll stand for ya and fill you with my presents deep inside.
I gave Moses the power to make the Red Sea divide.
And to Pharaoh I turned a snake from a rod.
So hands down and bow down and say I Am God.

Big J and.
Let's finish off with the light of Isreal.

The star out of Jacob and the Chief, the Messiah.
{The true inspirator, yah the real Bible writter).
I created the heavens just a climpse of my power.

The strength to the poor, God's unspeakable gift.

I am eternal life, upholder of all things.

Im the lawgiver, call me the Most High.

Im the God of all grace.
I put the shine on Moses' face.

And to saved face Im your healer if you only have faith.

