IBC Lyrics
by The Union.

Channel Live.

Yeah!

Yo, it's the IBC.
Illegal Broadcastin degrees.
We fightin violent wars to the tip-top.
We won't stop, so fuck the cops.
Why-O.

Channel Live.
You don't see no turbins, so ain't no need for me to gas you.
You rhyme like you on the Island with tattoo.
Gods eye view so in Hell I cast you.
Your chance look slim like Erykah Badu.
Goin platinum if you only sell sex, or convicted.
Players play games and let these MC's rip it.
This ain't no simple rhymes for Apollo Kids that you spitted.
And tell Kiki Shepard she can get the di-dick.
My third eye sight, take strike like snake bites.
With the power to change dark to daylight.
Rock the dirty ass mic like them Isrealites.
And shine bright like harassin lights on turn-pikes.

Benny Boom.

Kenetic energetic scripts that baffle scientists.
Bodily harm from the shit that I rip.
I make a nigga limp like Sweet Daddy burnin some ?
It's Benny Boom, the reason for these earthquake shifts.
Comin harder than Jim Cliff, buckin shots at the sheriff.
Procise poetics, when punch drunk from Cognac.
With two twenty inch guns, stayin armed for combat.
When I release, temperature slightly increase.
The type of heat to put Coolie High niggas to sleep.
Ragin bull, from takin two puffs and two pulls.
Droppin nastier shit than havin swine in your soul.

Channel Live.
MC's is wack, annoyin like they name was P-Dap.
Ain't go the nerve to pass 'em, Boogie, take your weave back.
You get deceased at, hoes be located where you bleed at.
I be seen, fuck you up brotha, you best believe that.
Like a Christian, hoes be hangin around like crusifiction.
I'm not Atlantic, star, tell your hoe stop wishin.
Your bitch is stinkin, like she voted for Richard Nixon.
You wanna know who's fuckin right, get the glass to the wall and listen.
Too much lime green, got me blinkin from Visine.
Niggas be claimin lyrics, but lack timing.
Drop like an SB, blow it up like Galesby.
I'm Not a Player but when it comes to gettin ass, I wouldn't SB.
Bless me, off to the wall, hope these fools don't test me.
Fake gangstas always seem to take it short like Joe Pesci.
We Organize Rhyme like a Union, no confusion.
That you don't know why you fuckin wit, and we ain't prostitution.

Channel Live.
Why-O, Why-O, we Organized.
Why-O, Why-Yo, yo, yo.
We Organized with Rhymes.

This is a Union, no confusion.

