Icarus Lyrics
by Bodi.


And I'm fly flyin away, 
And, I I don't know what to say: 
And I'll, be home, someday, 
I, hope you understand and stay 
And. I'M fly flyin away, 
And! I I don't know what to say: 
And I'll, be home, someday 
I, hope. You understand my ways: 
 
So, I start to pack my bags and she's begging me to stay around 
But how you gon na keep a rocket on the ground 
Speed of sound. I'M movin leave this town superhuman, 
Dreaming, snoozing, breathing losing
 cruising like a missile movin' 
Til. I reach the summit and start to catch my breath, 
A part of me's depressed. I ain't on to the next 
Steps to the door of the double wide my troubled eyes, 
She catch and says you only hit the road to run and hide 
How. You think I feel bed half-freezing 
Half the time you're here then you're thinking of leaving 
Coulda kept the kid made you stay at home. 
But didn't have the means alone to raise her on my own 
Just go know. I'Ve always been beside you 
You're. The one that chose to leave me behind you, 
Death, is what you chase. Life is the race 
Rocketman hope. You know it's lonely out in space…, 
 
Yeah. I tell her to stop her crying 
It's like she's on another plane, where I'm not the pilot. 
Must, I remind you. This is love. It ain't rocket science 
But, it's just as complicated and hard to digest reason why I'm stressed 
Sitting here alone, 
All. She wan na hear is I'm home. Instead, it's my iPhone 
Even when we're together we're on different time zones. 
She keeps my mind. Spinning, like a cyclone 
While, I'm gone, she replied. Why don't I bring her along 
Or, put a ring on her arm time to ring the alarm 
When she think I'm out chasing skirts, 
I'm, stressing out gaining clout trying to shake this Earth 
Besides the fact I'll be gone. Til September 
Taking, off by December 
She gon' need a nigga to keep her warm for the Winter. 
And me I'll be packing my luggage for another day 
Out of space baby. Please don't give my love away. 
 
Ok. Ok-k-k-k 
Cat's in the cradle and the silver spoon 
And. This little boy grew to a man on the moon 
Sooner than I know, I'm back home from the road 
Stole, a part out my soul. So it's easy come harder, go 
Put! The key inside the lock 
But - it's not really working turn it counter to clock. 
Is this the right spot Knock a couple times. 
Some dude opens up that. I don't recognize “Hi 
Who, the fuck. Are you what you doin in my house? 
He says You hit the road and your girl got a spouse. 
Sock him in the mouth barrel through the door, 
My new ex comes in her boy on the floor. 
She says You couldn't do it and you knew it all along 
When I needed you. You were ghost and gone 
I tell her. Never again, she whispers you're wrong 
Do. What you do and put your message in a song…
 
