Idontknow? Lyrics
by The 3rd Kind.

BLaKK JaKK The Rhymer &amp; JaY STeeZ aka Capital STEEZ.

I wonder if we'll get our chance to blow.
We give our all through every show.
3rd Kind be the best to flow.
Still Idontknow? Idontknow? I dontknow?

So what you mean dog? by Idontknow? Idont -.
It's the Kind homie, so just go with the flow.
Uh say Idontknow? So Whatcha mean? by Idontknow?
So what they saying to us? Well Idontknow?

Yo, so, so here we go again.
Strapped with H-bombs and napalm.
Me and Blak move like Raekwon in each song.
Questionably - the best in his region.
And they standing with the presence of celestial beings - all seeing.
Actually you cats can't rap with me, attack the beat the savage who's asking.
to make ya tap your feet.
Dastardly, but my dogs all courageous.
Montana couldn't see me with the lines I break up.
Wake up, you're staring at the 9th Wonder.
Sleeping on me, catching the game in a quiet slumber.
I never come across as a sudden force use Troy as.
A prime example of a wooden horse.
Not the type to get boxed in with several squares, if you didn't get the.
picture clear.
No half steppin', so when he come around it's a guarantee the last thing.
you'll ever see in him is fear.

Idontknow?
Idontknow? so just go with the flow.

Jakk The Rhymer.

I crack rock, no bakin' soda.
The homie Jakk takin' over, find the 3rd Kinds files in your agents folder.

Stayin' so G even when the worst hit all the bumps and cracks in the path.
I'm a horse shoe.
And once I pull a sword through stone I'm claiming kingdoms.
Youngest of his cousins, never got use to playing with children.
He a slayer, they asking y'all where they found the Brooklyn warrior.
Influenced by the styles of the Shaolin.
Industry rhymers - they garbage.
What can I say? Whole careers based off coax.
I'm known to fillet a fish.
So taste greatness when it's Kaine and 'Co easily.

And just a P.S.A. to today's rhymers: Get it gear, your style's ignorant;.
guilded in fear.
The ? gabbers, I castrate a sucka rap.
You play your part, I'll play cash, ?, kicks and claps.
So adjust to Jakk I spit fumes homie, mustard gas.
You'd swear the Kind's uncovered Warner brother and a maniac.
But this far from a cartoon, when the trigger's pulled back you're all doomed.
This ain't a bang sign, flyin' out the harpoon.

Well what is it? Idontknow? Idontknow?

