If It's Good Lyrics
by The Wreckshop Family.

Ha what.. 
 
Just, because I got the loving on the first night 
Man. I know your girls gon say it ain't right 
Why. Should we play games 
When? We both know we was feeling the same 
Baby if it's good, if it's good, if it's good 
If, it's good, if it's good, if it's good 
Baby, if it's good, if it's good, if it's good 
If, it's good, if it's good, if it's good, 
 
Dirty $ 
Look mama: what's all this here bout, it 
You offended by the words that are coming out. My mouth 
I bet you why you going through it dried worrying what your friends say: 
Knowing you wan na shake that tail feather this way. 
Baby. I can see that you're grown 
Let, a playa, take you home and leave that child's play alone. 
Let'S get live in the zone, just you and me 
When, the G-G hit the spot. He make it hard to pee 
On the pot. Without a doubt. We shocking and rocking 
Ain't no lip-locking, just headboard knocking 
And. It ain't, no stopping if you working with the good 
I'm a fool with this wood down to put that on the hood. 
It'S understood those haters posing as your friends 
Poking. They noses in where they don't belong again. 
Let me under your skin, I'll put that spice in your life 
But. You can't be scared to break bread on the first night, 
 
D-Reck 
I'ma straight up catch you with jabs and uppercuts 
Spit. Something fly: walk by and pass you up, 
This a finesse game, a chemistry, thang 
That make you wan' undress before you even know my name: 
So peep, a bad actor, never attack her 
On sight, I'ma mack, her I'm a dime piece factor 
And. She know she ain't! No hoe 
But I'ma do my thing fast, never slow cause, I'm a pro 
Forever mashing on the gas, never letting them on me pass 
Never questioning her class. It was passion when we smashed 
It was so so wet it. Slicky-Slicky tash 
It was gushy-gushy mushy-mushy I jumped in splash 
Got me so so sprung, pierced navel pierced tongue, 
Don't know where she from, but I know she got it done. 
Like em juicy like a plum, never do em on the run. 
Hide-And-Stickies always fun, but I'll be back. If you're, the one 
 
D-Gotti 
Baby put it in they face. Tell em you don't give a damn. 
Girl Gotti. Had you smoking dro from Afghanistan. 
Sabs played again make a dime understand. 
Flicks on the whip. T.V.'S think I'm playing 
Honey wasn't tripping, though man arrested, yo, 
It's, a show, dress, cleavage and breasts. Yo 
Young Gotto dealing with a model answering my do' 
Friday night feeling good met baby up at Cabo's 
Say. She stays on grind, though, and girl me on purple stuff. 
Saw me valet Dub quads, on that Tonka truck 
Smelling like a hunk of skunk eyes, blood, shot red 
And. They dealing one twelve chopping game with something red, 
And uh shots of Quevo, throwing pesos 
Got a lil' tipsy baby got you looking like J.Lo 
Say, no mo' done that did that 
I'll be back honey. I enjoyed that kit-cat 
 
A3 
Damn baby. How can you find the key to end of your world 
I'm subject to make your brain twirl hit it till you hurl, 
With your girls acting like the satin secrets? Don'T drop 
Walking round, like you sealed with a master, padlock 
But, it's cool cause. I ain't the one the boys try to get her a pen 
But. I knew I had you open once you seen them 20's spin 
To the room ooh wee, what you doing to 3 
Got a nigga feeling like he fin to skid and see 
Oh. I kinda like the way you work that thang 
But. I ain't even fin to play no games 
On the real. I can't even front you got skills 
But. If you can't flip the scrill' watch me burn these wheels. 
On the other hand, if you can, I might include you in my plans 
Cause. I need somebody to knock the dust off the Lex Land 
So. If you feel like this, where you wan na be 
Then, you won't have a problem proving it to me. 
 
I ain't going nowhere. Baby 
You got a nigga locked down like you, giving the third degree 
For real holla at your boy 
Baby. If it's good, I ain't going nowhere 
Baby. If it's good, I ain't going nowhere
 
