Illusionz Of The ill-Taught Lyrics
by Twitch.


Shorty was the age of nine 
She. Was ageing, fine 
Innocent, unpolluted, never phased with time. 
Who knew she'd ever leave them days behind 
Had, a talent for art teachers said That's an amazing mind 
Use it well, because the grave is prying 
Fast forward 9 years. She just wish that would've stayed in mind 
She now in college, with a baby crying 
You see society done, turnt our lil' girls into some crazy dimes 
 
I'm, talking 
 
Hoes on poles. They inspired by those 
She follow bad bitches, so she wan na try that pose 
When. Really. She just want affection, 
Made to think the only realistic, connection's 
Through, a fucking erection, 
Thick, mami or model slim lost in perfection 
Grading, so good make girly hate her complexion 
But. My homies be like Nigga, wait: 
She tryna fuck before the dinner date 
Don't. You think this shit is great 
 
Innercity tales who endures prevails. 
Illusions of the ill-taught leads to funeral bells. 
I roll another for our brother, the single mother, 
There's a whole new world to discover 
Why. We taking cover 
 
Ay fuck these bitches, but not my daughter, 
Love to all my dargs. Your dargs can go to the slaughter 
Innercity tales who endures prevails. 
Illusions of the ill-taught leads to funeral bells. 
 
Ain't, nothing out here for a nigga, but drugs weapons and sex 
We can learn what they teach, but where will it reach 
Shit? I ain't even tryna preach. Let get it .
 
Shorty was the age of ten 
He on the pavement, then 
He's seeing shit. He takes it in 
And clocked the game. That'S when 
His life ain't ever be the same again 
Now in his teens serving fiends 
'Cos somebody got ta pay the rent, 
Ain't no daddy round to save him, then 
Plus his mama waiting on that welfare to get paid again. 
He starts to question. Why you blazing, then 
You see his mama kinda, like the lil' girl, I'd just explained to them: 
 
He's growing up on trees, 
Riding round with them g's 
Knows, it's all wrong, but he's down for them. P'S 
Now, he's neck deep up in this hell. 
We know the only outcome is dead or in jail: 
But fuck, it nigga, oh well, 
Ride for my niggas 
Yeah I'd ride. My niggas 
Even do that fucking time for my niggas 
Probably die for my niggas 
But. Is it really worth it when we ultimately die as just figures, 
 
