Im 21 now Lyrics
by Zoddex.

I'm 21 now, who would even dare to stop me now.
I've grown up; I'm still the hottest kid around.
I'm 21 now; I'm worldwide allow to drink.
And when my party is on, the club is about sink.

Let it go, lemme roll, let me fall.
21 is not enough but I will hold.
I can understand that good things always take time.
But I'm already big enough to be living out of the rhyme.
Wasn't easy to get this far from there, as it wasn't easy to cut my long hair.
I gotta learn from what I've lived in the past, never go to strip if you.
already have passed.
My mind is now on the money and the body building.
Pockets getting strong as I let em feel the engine.
My music and my friends are who always keep me going.
Funny episodes and the blast it's always blowing.
My family always there, they would never cut my wings.
I love them, what they do, that's what my heart always sings.
I would never like to leave nobody out from my scene.
But I'm a big star, please don't hate me cuz I win.

I'm 21 now, who would even dare to stop me now.
I've grown up; I'm still the hottest kid around.
I'm 21 now, click snap the cameras is on me.
I always smile cuz I know what they wanna see.
I'm 21 now, but the kid ain't gone.
I'm 21 now but my game ain't done.
I'm 21 now what were you expecting me to be.
This is my life my day and it's what I wanted it to be.

Uh, another year, another party.
Another time my gifts are girls whom are getting naughty.
I try to keep up with the pace that my life has.
I hit pedal to the floor but I can't pass.
Ok it was on Friday, may 4th of 19 and 90.
Long night for mom and my daddy, damn sure I was cutie and hottie.
Damn I'm still being like that, look my face and my body.

Haha, I know it's funny what I say.
Is just all the good time that I have when I play.
I'm hot under rain, I smile while in pain.
Target I'm main, but I'm outta them aim.
Yeah call me insane, ima jump from a plane.
A beast on a pack, still I'm holding the blame.
Never weak flow, never feel faint.
My music is dope, and inside I'm the same.

I'm 21 now, who would even dare to stop me now.
I've grown up I'm still the hottest kid around.
I'm 21 now, everything I do is legit.
No matter what they say I started off the ground.
I'm 21 now, clock keeps ticking and I'm getting old.
I like to think that I'm only getting strong.
I'm 21 now, no matter what they say.
ZDX is here, and you know I'm gonna stay.

I'm 21 now, who would even dare to stop me now.
I've grown up; I'm still the hottest kid around.
I'm 21 now; I'm worldwide allow to drink.
And when my party is on, the club is about sink.
I'm 21 now, click snap the cameras is on me.
I always smile cuz I know what they wanna see.
What you wanna see, what I wanna see.

