Im A Nerd Lyrics
by Yung God.

Yung God.
All my nerds, all my nerds.
Finna based freestyle for the nerds on a trap beat you feel me.
All my nerds we trappin', these niggas out here.
They think they trappin, but I go.
in class strapped with a calculator.
you feel me.
Strapped with a number two pencil,.
strapped with some very advanced notes that will blow a niggas brains out you.
feel me.
All my nerds oh my god Im a nerd I love nerds.
Yung God bitches love nerds oh my god.
SWAG.

Glasses on deck, can't see like me.
A Honor Roll on my dick, no B's.
5 years old when I learned how to read.
Small ass shorts, barely reach to my knees.

Word around town I'm the smartest in the city.
Hoes on my dick cause I make my own theories.
Hoes on my dick cause I'm finna be the mayor.
World of Warcraft, I'm the number one player.

Run up in class strapped with a calculator.
Give me one hour, write a five page paper.
Hoes on my dick cause I pack my own lunch.
Swag on my dick cause I live in the suburban.

Young ass nerd, and I'm proud to be a virgin.
Check my outfit, more colors than circus.
Beat your ass at chess, then I beat your ass at checkers.
Fall off on the campus, and I'm still rockin' Sketchers.

I'mma own the place where you hoes get your nails done.
Stamp on my test, paper say Well Done.
Cool kids laugh cause I know all the answers.
Give 'em ten years and they be cleanin' up my mansion.

Word around town, bitch, I listen to Beethoven.
Super, hoes on my dick, I love computers.
I love video games.
Saved a couple stacks cause I make my own change.

Swag like a nerd.
Smart like a nerd.
Read the dictionary and pronounce every word.
Think like a nerd.
Proud to be a nerd.
I'm proud to be nerd.
Proud to be a nerd.
Swag like a nerd.
Smart like a nerd.
Read the dictionary and pronounce every word.
Think like a nerd.
Proud to be a nerd.
Damn I'm a nerd.
Bitch I'm a nerd.

Yung God.
Swag.
Nerds out here we trapping in the Scholarship game.
We tryna get a scholarship motherfucker an Academic Scholarship.
You feel me? Niggas tryna hit licks on a young ass nerd you feel me.
They tryna cheat off my test they tryna hit licks on my notes cause I take.
advanced notes you feel me?
But they don't understand my notes Im too motherfuckin smart.
Get on World Of Warcraft I beat yo' ass nigga.
Nerds on deck, I see the nerds I love all nerds you feel me?
I got nerds for real.. I got friends for nerds nigga...
Yung God.
Yeah yeah back in school I used to fuck with the nerds hard too dude.
Yeah I used to love the Nerds man I fuck with nerds I STILL fuck with Nerds.
Man they spit that knowledge man.
And they teach me how to be good at them Video Games nigga.
But hey, I fucks with the Nerds for real.
Im a nerd.

