ImThatNigga (PSA) Lyrics
by 3rdiiiUth.


Listen up, listen up.
This is an announcement from Jack CityZ.
To all niggas that think they're in 3rdiii, listen up.
Uh...

Who is the nigga in charge?
Is it Judo, Nimbus... Molly High?
Formaldehyde embodied our kind of 3rdiii.
Get them out of here.
They're not welcome in our shrine.
Somebody get they child.
For them it's a sign.
For us it's a lifestyle.
Not easily ripped by fags wanting to collab.
Are you outta your mind?
It ain't happenin' bitch.
Don't worry bout mine, it's my clique.
Whatever we're doing, is my biz.
Silence, outsiders remain private.
Public endeavors are made by those with clever lines and golden pipes.
Not apart of that kind.
Then kindly move blindly with your time.
If you are well, move along with this song.
Spark up that bong in hiding.
Cause in MD, smoking weed is a crime thing.
Order in the court.
Hoarding the support and the perks.
While putting in zero of the work.
You're not part of it.
Just cause you chilled with us.
Popped a pill with us, truth is.
You're not part of the Uth kid.
Wanna promote, that's dope.
Road to gold kinda dim.
Any glimmer of a hope to get us under the scope.
Is uh, appreciated, but if your not initiated.
Then what the fuck is your goal?

I be that really fly funky fellow.
Make dames say hello.
And whenever I be gripping the mic I be bringing the bass cellos.
Give me a grape cigarillo.
So I can fill it with this funk.
And on the 3rd day of Christmas my manz bless me with the skunk.
This that Ashin' Kusher, so we call it punk'd.
We do whatever we want.
I'm tryna get Porsches in the back.
And fucking horses in the front.
We keep on rolling super blunts.
I've got this feeling in my gut.
It be the Uth, we killing this shit and off the meter.
And in the booth, I'm feeling this shit on fire like a heater.
We getting lame rappers out the way, and they have no idea.
This our time right here, nigga.
We have no fear.
We will turn you into deer if you think I'm lyin'.
When this tape drop probably bring your end.
You got the time fucked up like the Mayans.
Cause when I'm rhymin'.
I'm bringing fire from the pits of hell.
And in a cell better turn tail and dip.
From the set, like you Rell.
Go against Tha Uth and you will face defeat... Yeah.

