In the Good Lyrics
by Visionaries.

Growing up in the.. 
Hood, 
, 
2mex, 
Los Angeles mid-city. In fact, 
I used to run around the swap meet with my liquor, store hat 
Before I ever even rapped. I would be there just loitering with my Raiders
Starter jacket, trying to get some embroidery 
All my homies older than me 
Always, looking over my shoulder, makin' sure that I know what I needed to know
to, be I'm not a veterano OG 
I, just studied at the Good Life To be a better MC 
Knock on wood that I never went to prison 
Did a couple days in county quickly in and out the system. 
To me LA will always be that chillin' villain-ism 
These new gangsters get their feet washed at the catechism, 
 
LMNO, 
Tube socks and Cortez or flip-flops 
Where. You hear the surfinest dude screaming “bee-yatch, ” 
Jheri, curl, mullets, skaters and gangsters who ain't afraid to pull it. 

Tree. Kids sagging at three 
Wrappin a sheet around a dead body in the street 
Went to Toejam's bustin' listening to beats 
Most the rap. I listened to came from the East 
Except for ATL CPO and King Tee 
Saw, a bunch of In-n-Outs with DJ Speed. Mixmaster Spade DJ Train and Eazy-E
 
The telescope's out anyone can be reached 
Word to RBX, there's no stars in Long Beach. 
 
You made me who I am 
Taught me how to be a man 
I'mma make you understand: 
My life…, 
, 
sample 
Growing up in the.. 
, 
Key, Kool, 
South Bay of LA North Torrance behind the 
Roadium swap meet used to go record shopping. 
I bought mix-tapes from Dr. Dre 
Saw, the beginnings of N.W.A 
B-Real stayed on the next block. 
B.O.O.Y.A.A. Tribe was a blue city crew when they pop locked 
Hung at the mall, but not to shop 
Used to B-Boy and get down at Del Amo. 
You know the one in Jackie Brown: what's up, Tarantino 
Gardena was the only city with casinos 
Raised on all types of cultures. So we know 
The best thing in LA is the people is the people 
 
sample 
Growing up in the.., 
, 
Dannu, 
East, side of SD, southernmost, Cali, 
Spring Valley, graffiti walls and dirty alleys, 
Next door to Mexico, traffickin' heavy flow 
AKA Dago crystal meth capital 
Samoans popping In the seventies, 
Drop trucks and lowriders f***, the Bentleys 
Mentally sick, one, nine peace to Southside and Skyline 
Mission Bay to O-side culture class collide, 
Los Torres Pop Warner, kept us off the scene. 
Bangers and slangers learnt the meaning of a team. 
Dirty ass cops living dead off the blocks. 
So we street sweeping keep cleaning up hip, hop, 
, 
sample 
Growing up in the.. 
 
Zen 
Projects, two apartments, 
When Darryl, Dawkins darkness falls on the block. 
With heat walking the street 
There's more to the peeps than guarding the wheat 
Break bread nigga, we all got to eat. 
Ghetto prophets speak in codes to those that know 
Each one teach one promoted some souls 
Out of Turkish ropes, Tacchini suits 
Nugget rings and finger waves to boot, 
Gold spokes on the pearl white, El Co, 
With an indigo hue, no cue for knowing 
Who's behind the tinted Windows 
Chosen few out of the many holding truth, 
Old and new school goodlums stroll into view 
 
