In the Ways of the Scales Lyrics
by X-Clan.


The plug has been lifted from the unguent jar.
All cascade of black, perfume of the hour.

The past has been written, rolled and sealed in a scroll.

The eyes of the hawk ranges the sky unblinking.
Open....

Perfect....

There's no beginning and there is no end.

Once again, the illogical one.
Bring your mind state to dark side of the sun.
Music for creators is to give no slacks.
So I stepped from the board to keep my eyes on black.
Now my religion is reality come take a drink from the great verb stick.
Coming with authority grouping the majority.
This is not your gimmick or your fraudulent trick.
Now I see children of originals doomed to lose.
Teachers and preachers remain confused.
Talking 'bout humanists and true black ways.
Talking revolution and you're out to entertain.
Ignorance, I grab you by your crackhead neck.
Take you back to Egypt where you'll learn respect.
And on one knee and through one way.
You'll follow out the path of the new sun ray.
Let it click, here comes the world of authority.
Grooving up the masters of majority.
People have a problem with my step.
But you see I'm an example of the X.
I travel with my bag with my books and fruits.
Robes of the Pharaoh, now jeans and boots.
Tip from the sundial time for the drum.
Dum-diddy-dum funk code has begun to the scales.

Interlude: Professor X.
Above olive trees I rise like the sun.
Like the moon above date palms.
Where there is light I enter absolute.
Where there is dark there is none of me.
Like the moon above date palms I rise.
I am sworn to life, I am bound to death.
I take my oath under the sword.

Scales of Tehuti speak balance.
I never ill, I never will, I won't have it.
You see queens are of men and real men don't play.
It's like moon for the night time and sun for day.
I am an African, I don't wear Greek.
Must I be reminded of a legendary thief.
Who tried to make Greece in comparison to Egypt.
But they got gypped cause their minds not equipped.
I see a cave boy and he try to play black.
Give a Gas Face and you're bound to get slapped.
And don't play stupid I'm a pyramid stalker.
Witness my soul on the vast crossroad.
Chilling with the pharaohs and my ages has been.
Doing this forever and you ask us when.
Time is but a word and of little concern.
And not another second will we red burn.
To walk one way and to walk one path.
Ways of the scale of the aftermath.

Virgin to my science now it seems you're always with it.
Brother J, funk me, I come again, I stick it.
Some say it's too deep and some say strong.
Some say the truth hurts and I say wrong.
Awaken Osiris, it's time for war.
Mount your chariot, I can't take no more.
Life or death, it doesn't matter I come again.
There's no beginning and there is no end.
Popped the stage, turn the page.
Coming of Isis, Queen Mother Rage.

Verbalizer funkin lesson give a taste, what's next.
Show and improve, what's the true move.
You come inside and present the strong groove.
It's really about time for a kick like this.
Ways of the scale scientific fist, have a kiss.

By the way, vanglorious!
This is protected.
By the red, the black, and the green.
At the crossroad! SISSSSSY!
With a key!

