In Too Deep Lyrics
by Ruff Ryders.


P.K.
Yeah....P. Killer.....L-O-X....Ruff Ryders.

Styles.
Holiday Styles, catdaddy show me the green.
And if not, show me the work, show me the fiends.
I be writing in the week cause I know the routine.
Pardon you, light grey off the ?marteen?
Nickel the wheels, used to have to whistle for sales.
And now I cop work every tip of the scales.
And I can make money for bait, sittin' in jail.
Walk by the C.O., hittin' an L.
Ayyo, this is for the industry, consider it rep.
I'll dis any nigga you name, you give me a check.
Old school, new school, hungry nigga not signed.
He ain't saying shit if he ain't talking with a Glock nine.
Please don't call the cops.
We got beef, then the shells will pop I'm tryin' to hit you while you park.
Hop in, push you over, take it up the block.
But I know the jakes is coming, ya man's a snitch.
Wakes is comin' so start getting candles lit.
I'mma show you how the hustlers handle shit.
I'll crack your head like a customer with grams and spliff.
Family shit, but ain't no picnics involved just a trip to the zoo.
Dressed in all brown with a banger in your shoe.
In too deep in the yard with a thousand niggas just like you, cocksucker.

Jadakiss.
A thousand niggas just like you.
Narcs is trying to crack down, coke went back down.
It's hard to get green, but everybody got brown.
They know I got the China for 15 in the diner.
20 after 12 in the building, see the minors.
Martega massacare.
You run around buying bundles, I get eggs from Africa.
Burn the block for a year then I'm stashin' ya and snatch the truck.
Free bile with half the dutch.
While they got you on the wall, I'm crackin' up.

When they ask you if you wanna cut them a deal that send you bookin'.
In the bullpen with dopeheads and niggas from Brooklyn.
You scared to move, another nigga wearin' ya jewels.
By the time you get upstairs, he wearin' ya shoes.
Got the blood ?cane yettas? and niggas with the coofys.
In the dayroom, blowin' each other like Lucys.
Matter how big you are or strong you are.
Right or wrong, you all get along with star.
Just toe to toe with you with the cannon in your face.
Motherfuck lappin', here's a stare to face--BLAW!

Sheek: overlapping last line.
Sheek got niggas that'll cover his tracks when he walkin' in mud.
And use gats with no noise when he dealin' with blood.
But they bounce to one bone to the next, like bitches.
Hole small enough to use band-aids, no stiches.
Everything's eternal from my life to my journal.
It's deeper than secrets government keepin'.
So bounce with me if you don't wanna fall on the weekend.
Or die the weekend, literally, fly off the beacon.
Talk slick and get send somethin' quick.
Only nigga hard enough to look up to me is my dick.
My clique the boss, we don't take no loss.
When we flow, the whole room smell like tobasco sauce.
Come in your crib with something hot, dead in your brain.
And watch your family jump around like the House of Pain.
All the numbers takin' off my Benz, no name.
Just tints on the window so you can't see through.
While my gun is at your face like, Peek-a-boo!
I'm teasin' you like an invisible string.
Tied to a bag of money, when your reach, I'll pull.
Clip hard to stay full, nigga, we in too deep.
I rock niggas to sleep, like a Jew, I'm too cheap.
Fuck a car show; I don't wanna be around nothing that can heat.
And I'm 2-7-30, gimme your gun clean.
It's comin' back to you dirty, nigga, watch the birdie.

Styles.
If you a player in the game and you in too deep.
And you get knocked, yo, please don't snitch.
Jadakiss &amp; P.K.
That's my word.
Styles.
Take your time like ya man do in front of the judge.
Ayyo, dog, don't be no bitch.
Jadakiss &amp; P.K.
Dog, ya heard?
Styles.
'Cuase if we all get knocked then we all get locked.
Word is bond, won't be no clique.
Jadakiss &amp; P.K.
That's for real.
Styles.
Ayyo, sex, money, murder, music, and drugs.
Big chains and plenty of whips.
Jadakiss &amp; P.K.
That's all we know.

Jadakiss.
Uh, N...I...????

P.K.
What?....L-O-X........Double R.....P. Killer.

