Inglorious Lyrics
by Tyler.


My father died. The day I came out of my mother's hole. 
And left a burden on my soul until I was old enough 
To understand that the fucking faggot didn't like me, much 
He loved my moms enough to bust a nut, and then he shake Junt 
Bring. Your pops to school day for twelve years, I cheated 
Told the fucking faculty that he was at a meeting and 
Bring that dude to life day. He wasn't at the meeting 
Made a U-turn on the way there, like the fuck. Am I thinking 
Birthdays Christmas, my only fucking wishlist was CDs 
And a new fitted instead I
got some CDs 
I hated some Ritalin some white socks. 
I was hyper because I didn't get attention from my real pops. 
Cops say I'm supposed to be in jail, but they don't know. It'S me. 
Statistics say that niggas with no father ain't going to be shit 
Well. I guess I had one because nigga I'm it 
You smell that That's the odor of success, bitch, 
, 
Interlude 
I, know. I'M not the only bastard in America 
So I'm going to need some help on this next part. 
Scream it with me niggas 
 
Fuck, you 
Fuck, you 
Without, you 
Fuck, you 
Nigga, eighteen 
Fuck, you 
Got a car, nigga 
Eat, a dick nigga, bitch 
 
Father's Day was the worst. When it came to gifts 
Cause. I ain't know for who or what the fuck to get 
Now. My momma mentioned the day before what she would like. 
Cause she's playing both roles like her occupation, was dyke, fucking right, 
I, ain't, look up to Obama and Nixon. I look up to the Hugos and Dixons 
The niggas in the vision
rap about the shit they cooking in the kitchen, 
Pushing keys, like them, niggas that were banging on the keys, 
My father never seen me. The nigga, probably Stevie 
He bought me a hoodie. A couple albums 
Like, that's going to make up for the years and the tears 
And the money that my momma spent on rent and clothes 
You fucking dipped out. I swear to God. If I see you 
I'm a get out the M-16 and let a fucking clip out 
Cause in 16 years, you let your kid doubt: the existence, none 
I, don't give a fuck either like father like son, I'm done .
 
Hodgy Beats 
He ain't. Give a fuck about me: 
He ain't, give a fuck about you. 
He ain't give a fuck about. We 
So what the fuck we going to do. 
, 
The cold is nice, and I'm not talking about the weather. 
The skin is thick no need for leather. Your father called 
He said you're better without him, I'm not the only fuck 
Without them how to tie a tie and how to get your suit hemmed up, 
Take it to the shop. Then what 
Fuck it momma's proud of her asthmatic, thin fuck 
Luck on my brim Supreme, keeps me warm 
When. The cold blood swarms in my veins fuck rain in the summer. 
The bummer is the fact that I'm black 
And, I hang with white Neos, whose marrow stays frio 
Now. This counselor is trying to tell me that I'm emo she don't give a fuck 
D-low where's the trigger I'll. Let this bullet play hero.. bang
, 
