Inspire a Fire Lyrics
by Wonder Bred.


Dom Cobb They say we only use a fraction of our brain's true potential., Now 
that's, when we're awake., When we're asleep our mind, can build almost anything 
Ariadne Such as 
Dom Cobb. Well, imagine you're designing a building. All right You
consciously create each aspect, but sometimes it feels like it's almost
creating itself. If you know what I mean 
Ariadne Yeah., Like I'm, discovering it 
Dom Cobb, Genuine inspiration right Now in a dream, our mind: continually
does this., We creat and percieve our world simultaneoulsy and our mind. Does
This, so well that we don't even know it's happening. That allows us to get
right in the middle of that process, 
Ariadne How 
Dom Cobb, By taking over the creative part.. Now. This is where I need you
 
In the morning I'm recording, like sway. 
Go figure me trying to figure out what to say: 
I'm able to in Ableton record with my MPK 
I'll, say this much because it's Christmas today, 
The sky isn't very grey. I'M on my merry way: 
Beauty and the Beast used to be a scary play 
How. Can we perform Alchemy as a chemist, 
Like 2Pac you bout to feel the wrath of a menace 
I wrapped up the presents and don't pass up confessions 
I have a suggestion and ask for the blessing 
I'm living in a tesseract, 5th dimension, 
I wrinkle my time and I mash up my seconds 
As a guest speaker. I sit in class for the lessons 
Like Paul Revere. I call for all to here this message: ... 
Im, a firebrand! That'S why i brand cows. 
Give me liberty. The bell tower sounds 
Or death since I'm free. When my body's in the ground, 
I am still wealthy, even if monetarily, if I'm poverty bound 
 
I, truly believe that i am a lion and all 
I have no service but birds. I'M trying to call 
Entitled teens beg for things crying in malls. 
I break bad to my lawyer. I am lying to Saul 
We. All wan na be Good men. I couch surf upon cushions 
Looking to wander. I push you to ponder 
How, you would father. So you don't look at your daughter thinking. I'Ve cooked
up, a monster, 
 
I use, Paul's laptop to work in Ableton, live 
I set no limits. So i aim past the sky. 
I engage my mind when i take a ride. 
I may decide to say a rhyme that will make you say why 
If I'm wasting my time slaving away. 9-5 
Then go wait in line for some things to buy 
I, encourage the trends to die, so i can represent inside 
Why. Do they gentrify brutally honest, is where my intentions lie? 
Like Gordon coming forward saying what I've said about Dent is a lie
 
Could each tree possibly be every person this earth has ever seen. 
We can't know the truth about the evil that men do most definitely 
Like. Is it true that God can do things like invent a new tree 
Leaps of faith, be the only way to reach glory check your inventory 
Every little bit of my literature and litany. Is me giving my life story? 
I am perfectly calm dude, but the forecast is stormy 
That's. Just like your opinion, man, even if you mean to scorn me 
I, feel like the Lion King, yet I'm surely wearing a crown. That'S thorny 
That's for the one before me, 
This is Neolithic. The Oracle told me she saw me before 
Don't: let this Red eye train, pass. I'M tom, hanks hollering all aboard 
 
Whatever, I sample its all too hot to handle 
I dissipate stress within damsels 
Whats jack and a candlestick without a candle 
I describe inside my mind. Simply when i ramble 
, 
The rise and fall is epic, like that of the Berlin wall, 
You hungry cows. Just in for the green, I am herding you all 

This tale. You'Re listening to is legitimate. It isn't tall 
 
I'm, like Rafiki, just seeking to speak with the king 
I ford rivers to Mordor to find the Lord of the Ring. 
This isn't a hobbit talking, but when i walk, i sing 
Playing the harp with heart strings 
Hark the lion king versus shot in the dark bark then endangering 
I dine with fine eats at a Chinese restaurant called Ming's 
Before the crack I'm born to rap. Let the liberty bell ring 
 
Crazier than Nicolas cage. 
I face the machine with rage. 
I speak on street corners. Concrete is my stage. 
I'Mma flee to Indonesia, seeking to speak with a sage. 
 
Gourmet food for thought is about to blast off 
Get on this hip. Hop or listen to Slim and kick rocks in flip flops. 
This is not a shot in the dark or a walk in the park. 
Im a man ready on his mark to rock steady, like Bob 
And drop heavy as Wonder, Bred, never forget! That'S who brought 
 
This to you, get intuned, it's not on your radio, so plug in your iPod 
Im, not a rhyme god, but I've got my lines off. 
Like Joseph is how my coat is mad colors 
I think the big government is actually a bad brother. 
I'M blessed since I have my mother and we all are cause, we have each other 
 
Caring is cool. My poetry is revolutionary, 
Im scaring a school. The team is on my back and i carry them to 
The, promised land atlas shrugged and gave me you 
The world on my shoulders, and i am prepared to share the truth. 
 
Too many lies permeate into innocent minds, 
Fight for peace. Who are we to kill our own kind? 
Militia, don't kill my vibe, i see what i speak is on the rise. 
The dawn is so close, yet we are in the Dark night 
But. It is so important that now is our hardest. Fight
 
