Interesting Difference Lyrics
by TyC // 95 KiD.


Inside the back of my mind there is a character.
Nagging into my cavern, I'm gagging out of the massacre.
Massive elaborate, other rappers evaporate.
And then collaborate, I can't relate to other candidates.
Who can‘t debate when presented with facts.
I've canned a date to can a kick-on, on all of these cats.
To go Usain, you sayin, „I seen all of that“.
2016 is years ago, here we go, attack.
Skiddin on these whack acts like mudflappers.
Rugrats; Us blast every one of of those bastards.
Handle your pity-ya, really chlamydia.
To the Higher ear, y'all jus really sound like diarrhea.
Summon up all your presidents, Ceremonies and proms.
Steam em‘ up with smoke, play jeopardy and then danse!
This is rap of the renaissance, TyC and MZ.
Avalanche we have launched, on the brink of dawn.

Till the death of my ritual I'm infinite.
And that'd be my end, the never ending loop of instruments.
While I'm attending intimate intelects over internet.
I'm ill with it, I skin the rest, with interesting difference.

Unravel the babble of babylon.
Bumping up all-o-ya bullocks, your bappin‘ on.
Swallow-a rapper like having my cereal.
Invert to china, break thagina, venereal.
Cherioh, get-a lawyer if you a guetta employer.
Death of Autotune, destroyer, spartan army over troja.
That's whassup, we leave you standin‘ red, and fucked like Toya.
\- In this game I'm feelin Deja Vu's with ol‘ Tom Sawyer.
Soil and oil we fold our cards and set the dibs, right?
One bluffs, two bluffs, lose it all, right?
Inside of every attempt at attending ventral.
Attendence to tend my feelings.
Your love is, tempting my mental.
Central attention, I, myself, and only I.
Listenin to InI while picturing this lonely guy.
High, love, I-love my sisters in my borrows.
My niggas from tomorrow, from Zurich to Colorado.

Till the death of my ritual I'm infinite.
And that'd be my end, the never ending loop of instruments.
While I'm attending intimate intelects over internet.
I'm ill with it, I skin the rest, with interesting difference.

