Islay Lyrics
by Voli.


Yah, Name written in the stars.
Yah know? Pain written in my scars.
Yah, Name written in the stars.
Islay you to sleep, yah, Islay you to sleep.

Oh, hey, whattup wit ya? Another day, another dolla.
Another song, another cliché I'll prolly holla.
Like, “I'm better than blah blah blah.
I'm so cool, yada yada, women love me, ooh la la la”.
They want cocky, varsity letterman flow.
Couple punch lines like I'm telling a hell of a joke.
This is more Revenge of the Nerd, cheerleader want me on her.
Now she don't want a quarter back, she more about a dollar.
Uh, she more about a dollar, she more about a dollar.
She more about a dollar.
Funny things change, shoulda caught him out of college.
You jerk, I feel like Walter White right now.
Gavidia, run through it, yeah.
Yah, same shit, different stall.
Ambition is in my blood, you driven as your garage.
Pour Gavidia some Islay, he call it motor oil.
I got him sipping it neat, no soda, water, at all.
You gotta savor the fire till the flavor's admired.
Baby, fuck a hand me down, the greatest shit is acquired.
And yeah, I got a brand some artists don't understand.

To my middle class limbo, picket fence purgatory.
Uh, something heavenly is flowing through my pulmonary.
Take that 9 to 5, shove it up ya buttocks.
Baby, the wall cumming, glory hole and I'm busting.
This shit is over for all of my brothers.
Sorry, Cole, but I'll be owning the summer.
I'm global warming this winter, put OVO in the oven.
Got Yeezy all in my dinner to feed that hole in my stomach, and Hova can't.
even feel it.
Don't label me as a rapper, but Voli is more than gifted.
Adele ain't no competition, Taylor, I'll let you finish.
But, not before Lady Gaga's my gold digging baby mama.
I'll make Beyoncé retire, uh, Rick Rubin, you're fired.
And, Quincy, I'll out-produce him like procreation in China.
My population is rising, not even MJ could fight it.
And ummm, let's see who else, oh, Paul McCartney don't want it.
Just let me finish this autograph signing for Warren Buffet.
I'm eating, you see these calories? Even PETA is mad at me.
Cuz I'm a fuckin animal, pause …bestiality.
Did it all on my own, did it all at in my home.
Had my computer designed to give me studio time.
Be the engineer, ain't no other producer involved.
I'm a god, I'm prophetic, I'm Veezus, okay, I said it.
Black Visa, now give me credit, as soon as I get the interest.
You hitting me up for money, benefriends, fuck every buddy.

Picture my face before you descend.
On your way down, let me pour you a drink.
Is it bitter? Is it bitter?
Here's a toast fuck your life, Islay.
Nouveau nouveau Nouveau nouveau.
Nouveau nouveau Nouveau nouveau.

