Island Hideaway Lyrics
by ViZion.


Yea yeay.
Yo, what up? This is the #SolAR mixtape.
Nah nah naoh yea yea, ViZion.
What?

I smoke that tree and I get.
I toke in peace, and think no violence.
On my island hideaway.

Little bit of tree, put it in the blunt, little bit of rum, put it in my cup,.
yea, what?
Little bit of sea, little shade from the sun, under coconut leaves, I'm a.
smoke till it's done.
Life I'm living is the life they want, 'til the day I'm finished, I'm a roll.
that bomb.
Smoke that kief, in a polo suite, under linen sheets, making shorty come.
Brazilian chick, with a pocket full of pesos, she ain't wanna go home, call.
from a pay phone.
Millions rich, boyfriend's got dough, but she love dick in Barbados.
Cruising on the coast, I take her everywhere that she wanna go.
I show scenery and she shows me how she drops it low.
Cruise through the city, and it's complicated, big houses and paling adjacent.
These streets are getting so mean, but I know that we're all really gonna make.
it.
Blue and yellow, blue and yellow, mix it up and I'm getting green.
Every time I touch this road, I'm dressed so fresh and so clean.

I smoke that tree and I get high again, high again.
I toke in peace, and think no violence.
On my island hideaway.

Yea, when I give you that word.
Stop what you're doing, and hop in the whip, then come over to the crib.
Let me give you that bird.
Drinking so much that my vision gets blurred, sipping so much that my words.
get slurred.
Thinking of a mission but I'm sitting with a misses with a face thats fair but.
that ass absurd.
And she making it work.
Shorty so bad even no hands she still making it jerk.
Blast that cash, I prefer to smash with a dime that's not just looking for my.
stash.
Hit it so hard that I make it go numb, hit it so hard that I make it go bum.
I'm laying with her and she's smoking on the weed now thats what I call a.
motherfucking treesome.
Not to go home is her only wish.
Caribbean food is her favorite dish.
She happy with whatever, whether I take her down to Mapps or go to Oistins for.
some fish.
Take you home to mum, yea that's easy baby.
Having nightmares of you cause you leave me crazy.
I'm here with you and if you feeling breezy.
On my island we hideaway and live life easy.

I smoke that tree and I get.
I toke in peace, and think no violence.
On my island hideaway.

And it's so amazing, the life I know as a real Barbadian.
Shout out all my Jamaicans, and big up the Trini gal so fascinating.
Cause I'm clearly stating.
This place I know, my Caribbean home.
Anywhere I go on the road.
I show love, I show love, I show love.

Yea Barbados, Trinidad, St Lucia, Jamaica, West Indies big up. can't forget....
Bristol, New York, ATL.
Yo, ViZion.

