It's Like That Y'all Lyrics
by Sweet Tee.


Hurby my headphones are not loud enough: 
 Yeah! Let'S do this 
 
Sweet Tee's in the groove. Yes, I'm back on the move, 
It's the thriller to kill cause. I got nothin' to lose 
I'm at the top of the heap. Hurby was lookin at me, 
And! Oh, how they screamed 
Just wanted nothin, but fun cause, I'm second to none 
And, I'm here in the flesh to show how it's to be done. 
So turn your speakers way up until your ears start to pop 
And. If your mom starts beefin' say Mom, do the Whop 
Hop on the dance floor, dance to the music 
Toe-slam to my jam, you can do it 
I write, rhymes and to the world. I'M given 
, That's the way, I'm livin', 
Leather or lace. As I step in the place, 
People come to say, hi cause, they know my face 
And, you know I'm stylin nails, I'm filin' 
Standin' on stage smilin' profilin' 
Lean mean breakin' out on the scene, 
Me and the girls steppin' fresh, outta, Queens 
So. If you wan na have a ball, give me a call, 
I'm Sweet Tee. It'S like that y'all 
 
Nonchalant, as I flaunt the style. I know you want 
Like a ghost in your mind. It'S your conscience. I haunt 
When, I rap. I bring joy to every girl. Every boy 
Some think I play games cause. My name is Toi 
Back to raise hell. I got records to sell 
I'm still on the top. Don'T you think I fell. 
Never takin', a loss, weak rappers, I toss 
Make, no mistake. Sweet Tee is the boss, 
Janet Jackson's nasty, but I'm in control. 
Aretha Franklin bow down to the new queen of soul. 
Never settle for less god is my witness 
Jog every day for physical fitness, 
Climbin' higher I'll, never retire, 
Rap so hot they start three-alarm fires 
But! Don'T be alarmed it's just my grace and my charm 
I'm here for the good I'll. Never do you no harm 
Sweet Tee's on the money. You know, I'm makin' it 
I. Do it live so you know I ain't fakin'. It 
Five foot eight standin' ten feet tall 
And. If you ask me why it's like that y'all 
 
Slam on the jam just as hard as you can 
While, I rock the mic with my all-girl band 
And. You know I'm clever, taken down. Never 
Give me a beat and I'm a cold-blooded terror. 
My voice is on wax. Now you know I'm set 
Cause the better, the rhyme, the more money I get 
And. I hope I'm told when my record's old 
That they all got sold and my jam went gold 
I give it all I got and all I got I give 
I take no shorts, that's the way I live 
Tee's on the move and I never get moved on. 
 Well, I'ma live real long 
I'm the people's choice. So all the people choose me 
Keep, my beeper beepin', so the fellas don't lose me 
Sly as a fox sippin' juice on the rocks. 
When I get on the roll. I can never be stopped 
When, I'm good! I'M good and when I'm bad, I'm better 
Keep that in mind and don't you forget-a 
I write the rhymes that make you jump off the wall. 
And you wan na know why It's like that y'all 
 
Cruisin' down the street in my jett-black Volvo 
Rockin to the radio playin' 
Heads all turn. As I drive by 
As, I wave to the fellas all the fellas say 
Stepped on the gas, and I went to the disco, 
The music's pumpin and the people screamin' 
The place is packed and people shakin their bodies. 
The crowd outside is screamin' 
Jump on the stage knuckleheads began to rampage, 
They stopped short when my girl pulled the 12-guage 
Rocked anyway cause I'm bad, and I'm bold, 
Another rapper couldn't touch me with a ten-foot pole 
If. You know what it is, then you know I'm a whiz 
Toes are tappin'. While I'm rappin' cause I'm in showbiz 
Autographs, I sign. While they stand in line. 
I remain number one till I'm a hundred and nine 
I play no games, and you know I ain't frontin'. 
Let me know: if you wan na start a little somethin' 
Why Cause I'm a heavyweight. I go for it all: 
I'm Sweet Tee. It'S like that. Y'All
 
