It's On Freestyle Lyrics
by Z-Mane.


Yeah ... 
Y'all ready, 
Gon' tell'em, it's on 
 
Okay. It'S time to let these bustas know what it is: 
It's just that young boy Z, still handling biz 
Still, repping, D-Town Davis, with all the fine. Ladies 
But, I'm back in O-City and yep, I'm going crazy 
On. The beat and on the mic, I do my thing all day and night: 
Y'all niggas ain't on my level, y'all ain't, even in my sight, 
I'm Stevie, Wonder when I'm looking at these little punks 
See. I will not trust these little bitty bustees 
I bust on em. I cannot trust none of'em 
Cause when I come through these niggas try to rush on me. 
But. It'S cool, though you just a fool hoe 
And when Z-Mane come on through it's just like fool's gold, 
All gold, everything on my T. James 
Niggas hating on me. I don't care y'all, some lames 
Cause, I done been here. You niggas sitting here, 
They, say: Z-Mane, you different nigga. I been weird 
Ha, I'm just crazy on the mic and insane in the booth, 
These niggas speaking the lies, but me, I'm speaking the truth. 
The best thing to come up out of OK. Since Q 
Or Caspa, Loc yeah, you know what it do: 
Ugh still the Young Balla. What up to my brother, J, 
Down in D-Town, holding it down like everyday 
Going straight up off the dome, no pen and no pad 
Why you do that Z-Mane Cause! I ain't got time for that 
Looking at my watch and it's about that time. 
To do what Just to make another classic rhyme 
Ha ... had to stop for a minute 
Then, I'm right back in it got your freaking head, spinning, 
I'm ..., going insane in the braaain 
Other niggas hating on me, but they just ..., lames 
Y'all, already know what It is 
It's just the boy Z to the Just-Handling-It 
Okay repping Royalty. Until the day I go 
So much white girls looking like it's snowing 
Ha. What up to the Latinas 
I'm? All about my green bruh. You niggas ain't, seen none 
Whoa where you looking Your girlfriend. She be cooking, 
I ain't talking about that other stuff. She really is cooking 
Chicken on the stove biscuits in the oven, 
Naw, I'm just fronting now ain't they something 
It's on 
, 
Interlude 
Y'all, I'm just going crazy. 
I, don't even know what I'm saying 
It's, just some ... Naw, keep it going 
Keep it going. 
Gon' tell them it's on, though 
Alrite ..., 
 
It's, the Boy in Blue, and I stay so true 
And. You already know what it do with my crew 
And. I rep that R.G.O.D. until the day I go, 
Y'all already know. Yes, the flow is so cold, 
Like burr. What up to Gucci Mane 
He already know it's that boy, Z-Mane 
What up to my homeboys Royalty, Gang 
Standing up like all day everyday 
What up to Lite, Brite Afrikn! That'S the real G 
And! All you, ladies tryna holla, just chill! Please 
What up to T-Rone Yeah! The real T-Rone 
AKA Terrence Tyrone yep we going strong, 
My nigga King Henry yeah. We stay so cold 
If. You try to touch my brother I'll, knock you out, cold 
And, my boy Drei. I mean what can I say: 
He got his style up and he's swagging. Like everyday all day, 
Royalty 
 
Yeah. 
Oh is it done? Is it done 
Oh, okay, *laughs* nigga? I told you. I was gon' freestyle that 
I told you I could do it 
 
Naw. I didn't write that 
 Naw 
 Yeah, I don't know 
This - is just something I felt like doing: 
Just clowning around y'all, so ... 
Quick shoutout to all the bros I mentioned on there 
And Trotman City. You know what I'm saying: 
Temp2uece Armyboy Phillip Flame Switch City, P. Lemoins, 
J-Main Aaliyah on Royalty, Gang Caspa Loc, I see y'all 
This is just something extra, so ... 
And. This is only what this is track. Two 
Yeah go ahead and play track. Three 
Because. We about to bust on em, let's go 
 
