It's Tricky Lyrics
by Run-D.M.C..


This speech is my recital. I think it's very vital. 
To rock that's right! 
It'S Tricky is the title here we go. ... 
 
It's Tricky to rock a rhyme to rock a rhyme. That'S right on time, 
It's Tricky ...! It'S Tricky Tricky 
It's Tricky to rock a rhyme to rock a rhyme. That'S right on time. 
It'S Tricky, ..., Tr-tr-tr-tricky, Trrrrrrrrrrricky, 
 
I met this little girlie. Her hair was kinda curly 
Went to her house and bust. Her out, I had to leave real early 
These. Girls are really sleazy; all they just say is: please me, 
Or spend some time and rock a rhyme. I said It's not that easy, 
 
It's Tricky to rock a rhyme to rock a rhyme. That'S right on time, 
It's Tricky ...! It'S Tricky Tricky 
It's, Tricky to rock a rhyme to rock a rhyme. That'S right on time. 
It'S Tricky, ..., Tricky, Tricky, 
, 
In, New York. The people talk and try to make us rhyme 
They really, but we just because we have no time 
And in the city. It'S a pity cause we just can't hide. 
Tinted windows, don't mean nothin', they know who's inside 
 
It's Tricky to rock a rhyme to rock a rhyme. That'S right on time. 
It'S Tricky, ..., Tricky Tricky 
It's Tricky to rock a rhyme to rock a rhyme. That'S right on time, 
It's Tricky, ..., Tricky, Tricky, huh, 
 
When. I wake up. People take up mostly all of my time. 
I'M, not singin' phone keep ringin' cause. I make up a rhyme 
I'm, not braggin' people naggin' cause. They think I'm a star 
Always tearin'. What I'm wearin', I think, they're goin' too far 
 
A girl named Carol follows Daryll. Every gig we play 
Then D dissed her and dismissed her now she's jockin' Jay 
I ain't lyin' girls be cryin', cause I'm on TV 
They even bother. My poor father cause he's down with me: 
 
It's Tricky to rock a rhyme to rock a rhyme. That'S right on time. 
It'S Tricky ..., Tricky Tricky 
It's Tricky to rock a rhyme to rock a rhyme. That'S right on time. 
It'S Tricky ..., Tr-tr-tr-tr-tr-tricky, Tr-tr-tr, ... 
 
We are not thugs, but you assume 
They offer coke, but we just leave it alone. 
It'S like that y'all, but we don't quit. 
You keep on shock cause this is it ..., 
 
