Jackpot! Lyrics
by The 3rd Kind.

The Kind!

Let y'all niggas know.
I am the nicest.
Ever.

Jackpot I'm on my cocky shit it's more than obvious.
How many dudes are seeing me? not even 3, and if it's even 3.
I guarantee you that they will see defeat.
Think I'm lying kid ask my podiatrist.
You'll definitely have a sprained ankle from the rhymes I kick.
I bend it, Beckham is mic checkin'.
So the spice be the reason I have such a wide collection.
You're not impressing,.
perfection is my profession.
So ever time I that I spit, it's more vivid than sign-language.
For me? writing's never a problem.
I shine caps in every cypher that I'm involved in.
Love it or hate it, the tap bloggers are bobbling.
They do it for recognition and I feel bad for 'em.
Forums are often consistent with trashing talkin'.
Mentioning my name? It's broadening in my audience.
Throw the towel in dog, you should call it quits.
Before bringing up my name, be sure to face the consequence.

By me, to write at it think of my music as playing simon says.
Either you like it, or decipher quick and that's a jackpot.

EVA, eva, eva.
Yeahh, The Rhymer!
Listen, Yellow Tape baby.
Yo.
The pen defend the crown like the maginot.
Lines register in my inner n outer, resemblance profits like a cash flow.

P-prophet like Nostradamus, his.
journal hold ?, Has-Bros.
Couldn't play with him, if you had dough.
And homie had a whole lot of steez in him, g's wit him.
Walk with me, jeez and stay believed in him.
Travel cross galaxies and seas, any season.
Just to see him with the mic in his right and hand preaching.
Now will the congregation stand please.
Pi-piper on the mic, writes to the beat of his stampedes.
Now bow down to what this Man reads is inevitable.
Surrender to the writings of the incredible.
JaKK The Rhymer soak a soft sucker with a spew.
I'm a sector of selective 3rd Kind, however two.
However few, can flow as mighty as this.
The might all to the migraine, which is the industry.
Ya feelin' me?
I'mma get rid of it period.
That's an order!
The Rhymer ripper retarded.
Eli Porter!
How longer do I got to prove it to you.
BLaKK the ameriKKKan terrorist and the game been hijacked.
Yeah, Jackpot!
We never off, y'all just listening.

Yeah, yeah.
They can hear this through the heavens, BlaKK, real talk.
Yellow Tape.

