Jambi Cafe Lyrics
by The Uncluded.

Kimya Dawson.
I wish that your headaches would subside, my friend.
And that your healing isn't just a case of double contact lens.
I've got my name down for table at the Jambi Cafe.
So I can Meka Leka Hiney Ho all of your pain away.
And I am outside D's Variety; I'm up on the brick wall.
And it's the first time that this tongue of mine has licked a fireball.
I close my eyes and feel the burn and say Yeah, bring it on.

Together x2.
I feel weak, but I'm trying to prove to myself that I'm strong.

Aesop Rock.
I heard you ate shit at the skate ramp.
Two left feet watering a face plant.
Ah dude, you know that to skate or die is just a term.
The latter half is fully independent of the first.
Still I get it you were curbside, sentenced to observe.
From the low-risk prison of a sedentary perch.
All jittery, vault triggering your inner tomboy.
Timidly slipping into the military convoy, dang.
Lose trucks aim for the fun box.
Juiced up, cruising over urethane gum drops.
You hit the kicker warp speed yelling Punk rock!
Turns out plywood's not a fan of tough talk, oof.
Cued up a slow-mo heave-ho.
Everybody staring at the airborne freak show.
Scraped knees and a very bruised ego.
You're a good kid just a goofy Knievel.
The good news is it really doesn't matter.
The other good news is an apple Jolly Rancher.
And it won't heal wounds but it will heal moods.
And it's sweet and it's sour and it's green and it rules.
Can't do much so the cut won't sting.
But you can make a couple taste buds go z-z-z-zing.

Together.
Can't do much so the cut won't sting.
But you can make a couple taste buds go ziga-ziga-zing.

Kimya Dawson.
If you got bit by a viper from the Amazon.
I would sneak my dad's X-acto and cut X's in your arms.
And I would suck out all the venom causing chaos and confusion.
And replace that shit with a Swiss Miss and Ovaltine transfusion.
And I'm on the stoop at Joe's and I am just a little kid.
And it's the first time that this tongue of mine gives a blue Raz a lick.
And all that I can say is Holy shit, guys what is this?
What could I have done to deserve such awesomeness?

Together.
What could I have done to deserve such awesomeness?

