Jersey's Finest Lyrics
by Viro the Virus.

Viro The Virus.
Yo, hip hop's wack without the V.
Cats got rap sounding like crap without the C.
So I see it's up to me to save the mic and make these haters and fakers ?
just take a hike.
It's no pressure.
They're children of a lesser.
? and professor, do their daughters on their dressers after lectures.
Make 'em vacate the sector.
They way late I'm eight steps ahead and way fresher.
Too funky for a mint-flavored tic tac.
Cooler than the Boonies with a pimp named Slickback.
Doubie twisting,.
plotting like Stewie Griffin.
And turn you dudes into hospital new admissions.
A chatterbox immune to writer's block.
More vivid than Magnifax.
and sly as a fox.
Serving it to you right out the pot.
Piping hot Jersey slob that's top notch, SO.

Yeah, yeah, now let me make one thing clear.
I'm officially hear yo.
This is my year so.

Yeah, yeah, now let me make one thing clear.
I'm officially hear kid.
This is my year dig.

Viro The Virus.
Yes kid I'm back, what's messing with that.
All of us pale in comparison, catching the flag.
I march to the front, then step to the back.
I spark up a blunt, proof that I'm head of the pack, sharp as a tech.
Word to the balls in my sack.
These artists ain't worth the sweat off my balls.
I'm so much better than y'all.
A drunk apostle, sponsor of smutty brothels.
Known for mutilating suckers like Hostel.
These losers don't have a clue if I ? what I do in style up the wazoo.
Like one, two.
I'm lifer than any other, ease too many tests and pass with flying colours.

Unsigned and undiscovered.
Unseen, unclean, slept on like bugs under the covers.
Coming for the whole kitchen sink and the cupboards.
Toast up a drink and then go and get you another, AND.

Viro The Virus.
I got my head above water, baby I ain't sinking.
Think you can fuck with me, maybe you ain't thinking.
Can't stand the heat, get the fuck out the kitchen.
When they hear some heat, shut the fuck up and listen.
For the game I got exactly what it's missing.
Exactly what it lacks, you should pat me on my back.
Like you do the boom bap like exactly how you should.
Not like these other cats, all their raps is no good.

Kids got it twisted, in need of a sturring talking to.
Fuck is wrong with you, V is not a game.
I can wear white to a barbecue and leave without a stain.
I'm a mandingle author.
Eating kids like roast duck and mingle saucer.
Put out the artist that you thought was sharper, I'll scalp him.
Like a retarded barber, real talk bruh.

Scratches and samples overlap.
Who the fuck I'm goin' scream on next, tell me who's greater.
Paid my dues, sucker tried to diss me, paid my dues.
Tell me who's greater.
Paid my dues.

Who the fuck I'm goin' scream on next, tell me who's greater.
Paid my dues, suckers tried to diss me, paid my dues.
Tell me who's greater.
Paid my dues.
Now you can't tell me nothing.

