Jimmy Buffet Lyrics
by ZOOpfish.

P-Body.
Uh its the Jimmy Buffet of Rap music.

pfish.
Sit back and relax to it.
Then throw that Hawaiian shirt on.

P-Body.
Sit in the sun, while these girls get their twerk on.

Roof top tan, sipping margaritas.
Via Shmia filling up another liter.
We the type to add a little more tequila.
Then a, then call up the senioritas.
Jimmy Buffet, Jimmy Buffet man I think I'm Jimmy Buffet.
Got me drinking all day like its nothing, like its nothing.
Nothing more than some summertime loving.
Man I think I'm Jimmy Buffet.

Hello, pool party at the zoo how are you, come thru, no shirt no shoes.
Tell dude piece, throw on a 2 piece with da flip flop.
Turning up that will smith hip hop.

Liv.
Summer, summer, summertime.

Did someone say something bout making a slip n' slide?
Sipping right, fins is right, fins to the left.
But all the girls yellin out p fishy the best.
How a pirate look at 19? look at my team, my scene.
Mami no shit ship.
So we party in the driveway.
Hi bae, Friday, why wait?
Thirsty Thursday, Wednesday.
Tuesday, Monday.
Aye, It's 5 o clock some place.
Um hey chick off the runway looking like Beyoncé wanna catch some sun rays.
She said maybe someday but right now I gotta study.
Woah who the fuck study's when it's sunny.
She said sorry, didn't notice it was out.
Winked and got undressed that's what the zoo is all about.

Getting waisted again in Margaritaville.
Raise ya cup if ya need a fill, oh if ya need a fill.
Some people think there's someone to blame but we know, we know.
It's our own damn fault.

See guys like me we don't like to stay thinking.
And nothing takes the waves like a little day drinking.
Train ya liver like it's an Olympic swimmer sinking.
Oh ya wanna get in? Just toss us an Abe Lincoln.
Wear Bikinis bottoms, all about that bass like fender.
Taking shifts, shit who be mixing on the blender?
Might just turn into a weekend bender.
That chick just booted. Go ahead and send her.
Come and party with the zoo crew all damn day.
Living life like right, right it's all ok.
Cooking on the grill while we're sparking up a j.
Fuck it turning jimmy buffet into jimmy buffÉt.
Best believe we're doing this until like i don't even know when.
8 hour party, shower, then the bar we go in.
Now these girls so wild with the skin that they be showing.
Baiting fish just like a shark and best believe my fin is growing.

Liv.
Getting waisted again in Margaritaville.
Raise ya cup if ya need a fill, oh if ya need a fill.

