Joe Dirt Lyrics
by XP.


I'm a man with a thousand problems.
Look at me like you really don't got none son.
I came from the goddamn bottom.
In one day I don't pray to god man.
I swear when you look at me.
Just how crystal clear could I be?
I write my life in rhymes so you see.
I'm so devoted, My flow is loaded.
I chose the road that I'll be.
On every other rappers beat.
Spitting bout life, living just fine.
I'll take the chance man I'll roll the dice.
Yeah I'm a man of god so I believe in the blessing.
Don't need a gun because my pen is a weapon.
With unlimited ammo you know I'm about to go off.
See right now I'm about to sound like a freakin' hypocrite.
Because I'm going off of the mind with no pen and pad.
I apologize that's just my bad.
Please allow me to sign off this track.
So other artists have chances to rap.

I got racks on racks on racks on racks.
Give a little nigga change just to but himself a Mac.
Just a MIDI board and a place to relax.
If a nigga want a diss give me time to react.
I don't have time for you niggas like a broke watch.
Me and my crew nigga yeah we top notch.
Ask if I'm high up yup but no hot box.
And I'm always live catch a nigga on the XBOX.
Delivery be on point.
No nigga don't smoke joints.
But hands will always point at the.
Niggas who think they can do what they want.
So if you thinking of ?
Mixtape will lead you to victory bruh.
I'm killing it just like your texting a girl.
I'd rather just leave you in Awe.
I'm rapping kinda crazy and.
I'm trying to go insane again.
I'm running and running like.
I'm speeding past the train again.
Wolverine bars yeah I'm spitting Adamantium.
And babe got claws so I'm calling her an animal.
Calling up Hannibal Lector.
Lemme get some of that nectar.
Baby let me hit you up.
I'm just trying to be someone.
Take your girl and kidnap her.
Psych nah she's just average.
You thought I was a rapper.
The name is KiD TRAViS.
I'm pleased to be your acquaintance.
Yes I know that I'm tardy.
So sorry for the lateness.
I'm done!

XP.
So this nigga Travis decided, Fuck XP!
I'm just going to leave this nigga the table scraps.
On his own track. But you know what? You know what?
I'm gonna make the most of this. I'm about to kill it!

The #2 when this motherfucker go first.
Nigga Joe Dirt on the track with a whole hearse.
Giving out bodies man I leave em in the cold dirt.
I'm extra sick.
I'm ripped off the top like a bag of chips.
I'll put it down her throat watch he choke a bit.
Make her say it with her chest and.
Then fuck her tits.

Poor X picking beats he can't flow to.
But I'm go to for a beat when I come through.
These rappers are all defective.
I spit all truth like a lie detector.
The perverted prince I don't need a lecture.
You'd swear she was gold how I chest inspector.
There ain't no Hannibal's in my sector.
This Avid Asshole you don't wanna mess with.
AAAAAAAGGGGGGRRRRAAAAHHHH!

You can't fuck with us........X.

