Juice Part 2 Lyrics
by Sway & King Tech.


Juice 
Yo, it's really kinda funny. Mc Juice is my name 
I'm fin to kick some stuff about the phony rappers in the game, 
I'm at the U.I.C., Pavillion wearing MC Juice, medallions, 
Brazilian or Sicilian rip apart. They whole battalion. 
These playalistic rappers fall prey to Juice, the infamous 
Versace wearing niggas, always trying to be some pimps in this biz 
And record labels sign the most unpresentable 
Clicks that go platinum for grabbin' on they genital 
And every single day. Why brothers die up in my mix 
All? They ever rap about is Alize and fucking 
And. I guess it really knows on the mic, how I do it 
Everybody know. I got the microphone in the fluid 
Brothers know on the mic. I got the timin' 
You really think you're rhymin' cause Billboard charts, say: ya' climbin', 
I ain't, saying no names, but why you biting his style 
Had these niggas, laying in the casket with ya' Cristal 
And, all the record buyers y'all be making music choices. 
So. Why? You be believing all these playalistic voices 
It's all the same, the Big Willy wack, the unoriginal 
Got, the whole world like believing y'all, some criminals, 
Before them record deals, they was broke and you can check it. 
Cause. True players don't be having no time for making records or no videos 
They to busy hustling in the zone. 
And. If you got so much loot put out yo' records on yo' own 
And, all this East vs. West rap mess need to stop 
Acting like some little shorties ain't. Nobody getting props 
Cause if you was, they wouldn't have to diss, no other state, no other crew, 
No. Other click to put some food up on ya' plate 
I be like point blank. This whole freakin' industry is wack 
But. This brother from the Go gon' bring that lyricism back 
And. A lot of y'all may not like the way I'm gettin' loose 
So, whoever wan na battle bring that mess to the Juice 
Cause. I rock the microphone and everybody know I battle right. 
Watch me fly the mic and rip this mother via satellite 
Ain't. No pimpin' me. I freestyle and show no impathy 
Marley shoulda been the fifth nigga on the symphony. 
Couldn'T say the N word, but I'ma have to spark it. 
Mc Juice is dope Monopoly. Let'S free park, it 
I'll go around the board on the mic. I'M just advancin' 
In the game of Monopoly. They don't got a chance in 
I. Es MC's, who wan na be hard. Rappers need a rap, get out of jail free card 
And, then, when they done they be layin' in the middle 
I cook em' like a griddle. The Penguin and the Riddle 
I don't need to cuss get beheaded. Nabisco cause brothers, get shredded, 
My, Alzheimer's style. You can't forget it 
But. If ya' try, then I'ma have to get fly and show ya' brothers who be 
Asking. Why I'm the number one guy 
So? I could pass it to the right or to the left of me 
Cut off they ankles, just in case they wan na step to me: 
MC Juice, ain't open to rebuttle, who muttle 
Rappers fly up in the air, but get blown up like the shuttle 
Cause. I mack right attract light like photosynthesis. 
Rappers is wack as hell and I'ma put it in parenthesis. 
No pause or comma cause I'ma. Keep you fearin'. This 
You got ta question mark, I'm the nigga here, period
 
