Junior No Junior Lyrics
by [unknown guest].

I have to do something. My family is struggling.
My Nessa is in bed rest, heart monitor is juggling.
I saw them try a flare on that Guido fist bumping.
But no music was playing and Neither was her blood pumping.
I gotta get it fast, start pushing start shoving.
I can start local make connections with my cousin!
How much u need Cuz?, I'm toasting in the oven..
Well not to boast but I need more than bakers dozen.
I need to make more than when Lakers posts is buzzing.
They think she don't deserve to live like she ain't worth a Rogan.
Or a Reagan, my team.
need to be raking more leaves than that Autumn wind.
Lestor be dead, rest with the cortisans!
I wish you out the world, Jupiter, Mars and than.
Make em seems stupider than the lost cause of martyrdom.
Muhammad two piece, I gotta hit harder than.
Found-raise like starving artists trying to be starring in.

Junior! No Junior! Why you hanging with them losers?
You gonna end up dead. They'll kill you like a tumor.
Brick tags, your pants sagged,you pitch crack, that's real whack.
You'll be in a black bag with that new path you call swag.
Junior! No Junior! Why hanging with them losers?
Your God is your source and He's gonna be there for ya.
Brick tags, your pants sagged, you pitch crack that's real whack.
You'll be in a black bag with that new path you call Swag.

I can't lose no one else!
I know it seems selfish!
You can't have no-one else!
There no more vacancies in heaven!
My dad claimed the last spot when I was just eleven!
I bet life moves fast when you pass at 37!
The chance to save her is so small. How do I have faith?
How do I believe the one that done put me in this place?
Tried to have feelings caged, locked, and phased away.
Now it all Cascades.
Memories never fade.
The pain is never vague.
On my own the plan is made.
I'll get to the next stage, the next page, The Jade Sage.
It happens for a reason, but supposed that I don't see it.
I ain't see the savior saving me so I offered to be it.
My pressure's building up in my headstand.
I Boo school and rep crews, ink up with tattoos, can't pursue no tassels.
Call us rascals.
We Rock jewels my crew work like Horton and bust slugs like Morton.

Junior! No Junior! Why you hanging with them losers?
You gonna end up dead. They'll kill you like a tumor.
Brick tags, your pants sagged,you pitch crack, that's real whack.
You'll be in a black bag with that new path you call swag.
Junior! No Junior! Why hanging with them losers?
Your God is your source and He's gonna be there for ya.
Brick tags, your pants sagged, you pitch crack that's real whack.
You'll be in a black bag with that new path you call Swag.

