Just Another Day Lyrics
by Queen Latifah.


We gon take this one over to 275 Halsted 
384 Stuyvesant 
We gon, take it over to 155 Morgan 
144 Harrison 
 
Just another day living in the hood 
Just another day around the way, 
Feelin good today, feelin lovely-yay 
Just another day living in the hood 
Just another Day around the way, 
Feelin good today, 
I hear the, but I'm here to stay 
 
Well, it's a beautiful day in the neighborhood 
A beautiful day in the neighbor-hood 
Can't go wrong. I feel strong and the flavor's good 
I'm, with whatever comes my way: hip-hop hooray 
Latifah's on vacation, I'm just plain old Dana today, 
I strap out step out in every direction. 
Glock TECs jimmy hats. In case I need protection. 
So I Land Cruise pump sounds play out. Wan na be's 
A kid in a M3's getting jacked right in front of me 
So. I play the Tech close, my finger's on the trigger 
Don't wan na get wet, so they step 
Cause mine's is slightly bigger, 
But better. Yet I'm a threat. So you better walk. 
Or get sketched out in chalk cause. I don't wan na talk, 
I stay. True, blue, I'm hoping it's! You too 
I got the fever for the flavor of a Woo Woo 
So, it's back to the block time to play 
It's just another day around the way. Hey 
 
Time to chill hit the hill uptown, let's peep the sights 
Shoot some pool act, a fool cause! It'S on tonight, 
I'm doing the knowledge. It'S not easy! Easy 
Watchin, a cop cuff, a kid for sellin, a clip to a DT 
But, it's home. So I flex get pressures off my chest, 
Slip in a tape now, which hood should I hit next 
Stomach ache head to Steak-N-Take for a bean pie, 
Get a Final Call from the brother in the bow tie 
I'm where little kids dream and fiend for fun. 
Lots of laughter moms, no pops playing with her son 
I passed by a girl's wake. They say she died at seven 
Hit by a stray but I
pray that there's a hood in heaven. 
Fake brothers claim there's no shame in their game. 
You know my name show me a real nigga with a brain 
So. It'S back to the block time to play 
It's just another day around the way. Hey 
 
You know I got ta give props. I can't stop 
Without y'all I'll, be nothin 
No, wreckin', no checks and no rhymin', no cuttin' 
No stages; front pages; no phones, no beepers 
No, reason to put Queen in front of the name. Latifah 
I come with the real life perspective and rule 
Cause me and my peoples around the way remain cool 
So. It'S back to the block time to play 
It's just another day around the way. 
Around the muthafuckin' way
 
