K.R.E.A.M. Lyrics
by U-N-I.


Word up look out for the cops 
Two for fives over here baby 
Word up two for fives niggas got garbage down the way 
Word up check. This ol' fly shit out word up 
Step on my shoes. I will kill you 
Knew. He had a crew that weren't no punk 
In their Spitfire shirts and SB dunks 
Step. On my shoes. I will kill you 
Yeah 
 
Size, ten, maybe ten and a half 
Good condition for many years. They last 
Creative Recs Vans, DCs 
Alife Supreme are the pumps on my feet. 
Shoe color is bright 
Fuck it all of those above you can catch in the night. 
It'S, like walk the streets with my Nike SBs 
Purposely place the fat tongue in front of jeans, 
 
Put frowns on faces. My kick game is so mean 
Your. Shoes are to hear you need aid, 
Release, a couple sprays from my Nike Air Raids, 
No matter. What the cost is 
Me without kicks on my feet is Rasheed without forces 
And. While I spit that shit 
Notice that these Fifth Element kicks hang from my neck 
Church 
 
Knew, he had a crew that weren't no punk 
In their Spitfire shirts and SB dunks 
Kicks rule everything around me. K.R.E.A.M 
Get, ya sneakers got my SBs on 
Knew. He had a crew that weren't no punk 
In their Spitfire shirts and SB dunks 
Kicks rule everything around me. K.R.E.A.M 
Get ya, sneakers got my Reeboks on 
 
Creative recreate-ya-face-tion 
Cosmetically get stomped 
Not from Portland, I'm a Laker 
But watch the chicks follow the trail. When I rock my blazers 
Broke as fuck, that's word to my mother 
But. I still paint the city in Adidas, Adicolors 
They, say I'm shallow. I never learned to swim 
But. My glow-in-the-dark pumps keep me float like fins, 
The K.R.E.A.M. started at age. Ten 
When, my mom, refused to buy 11 Jordans 
I was sick for months, didn't go to recess 
Saw the little homies balled in ‘em at lunch now 
I assault. The court with force air is max. 
Heads 180 tryna jock, my straps 
Cats tryna bite the shoe game with black 
Flip ‘em inside out air force attack nigga 
 
Knew. He had a crew that weren't no punk 
In their Spitfire shirts and SB dunks 
Kicks rule everything around me. K.R.E.A.M 
Get ya sneakers got my shell toes on 
Knew. He had a crew that weren't no punk 
In their Spitfire shirts and SB dunks 
Kicks rule everything around me: K.R.E.A.M 
Get, ya sneakers got my Air Jays on 
 
 Y-O and Thurzday 
As a youngin' in my XJ 900s 
L.A. Street Gear in lights. I was stuntin' 
Now, we rock De La Souls. 
Day of the Dead 
K.R.E.A.M. is a sickness and man. You can't cure it 
That's. Why I'm laced up in my new 
We be the new balance of MCs 
And Asics, the basics we exceed 
Amateurs, be rockin', thong sandals. No bread 
We on some pros: Ked 
Check, the style it spread like a rumor 
Dudes is housecats tryna, hop to a Puma 
Fila Tims rockin', Alifes 
Sauconys. Hmm, you should eff life, 
Deceased R.I.P. K.R.E.A.M 
Classic like Chuck Taylors peace, 
 
Knew. He had a crew that weren't no punk 
In their Spitfire shirts and SB dunks 
Kicks rule everything around me. K.R.E.A.M 
Get, ya sneakers got my Chuck Taylors on 
Knew. He had a crew that weren't no punk 
In their Spitfire shirts and SB dunks 
Kicks rule everything around me. K.R.E.A.M 
Get, ya sneakers got my Timbos on 
 
Ha fuck, you 
Step on my shoes. I will kill you 
Then. I will kill you again, 
Shout out to Dame Taylor makin' this classic 
K.R.E.A.M. 
Shout out to Wu-Tang East Coast 
For that original C.R.E.A.M. 
U-N-I 
And we out bitch 
And. This one is, of course, for all the sneakerheads 
All across the world: 
From Oregon all the way to Africa, 
Puttin' swooshes on yo' feet, 
Haha yeah, bitch 
Knew. He had a crew that weren't no punk 
In their Spitfire shirts and SB dunks 
Knew. He had a crew that weren't no punk 
In their Spitfire shirts and SB dunks
 
