Karma Lyrics
by Visual.

Ya'll are losing , fuckin with this Mexi-Rican-Cuban.
One by relation, two by blood transfusion.
Caused by the unity of multi ethnic humans.
All from Indians that kept the world moving.
Then Europeans invaded &amp; saw what they were doing.
The Indians were so rooted that it caused them confusion.
The generals were outraged &amp; said execute them.
At this time a gun was a scientific improvement.
The Indians studied the Sun so for now they were losing.
Cuz the sun stood still but the guns, they were shooting.
&amp; these are same bastards that wrote the constitution.
Without an Indian, Asian, or African included.
Like our whole existence was just to be diluted.
That's why they train you in those god damn institutions.
Now, don't get mad like this is prejudice pollution.
Cuz I personally think that race is useless.
If you don't like this truth then you're racist or stupid.
Why you think brown &amp; black ask for retribution.
Cuz we've always been oppressed so we are revolution.
Therefore we make the changes that cause evolution.
That's why they hate Hiphop, it helps the youth kill illusion.
But now the only color is green, so rap is pop &amp; bullshit.
Now black &amp; white unite to make music prostitution.
&amp; now all of America is about marketing &amp; distribution.
I'm looking at the lord asking him for absolution.
Cuz I'm feeling like violence is the only solution.
Now they attack the youth, they don't want new contributions.
They want the old ways to stay, were expendable &amp; foolish.
Real cats are gonna wanna know who this dude is.
Knowing I'm risking facing a bullet or prosecution.
My solution, is make life what you can make it.
&amp; Karma's a bitch it gives back what you gave it.
One day an old man spoke about what I'm facing.
He had a twisted view of this history but it was basic.
He said misery loves company &amp; ignorance is ageless.
For example he pointed out the European invasion.
He said they won then but now the sun kills cauacasians.
I thought to myself it was bogus what he was saying.
But it was true, it made sense, this is how they were paying.
Yes its grotesque , but its life not a game.

