Keep It Up Lyrics
by Swych.


What's happening y'all you are now tuned in to WFHNNB your #1 station for today's hottest hip-hop and R&amp;B.
!
And right now, we got the latest from the YL, this is Swych featuring B. Fresh and KaotIQ, Keep It Up!
Let's Go!

We just keep doin' what we doin', we ain't never gonna stop.
Just keep doin' what we doin', keep it up like caps lock.
Girl keep doin' what your doin', but bring it closa.
What you doin'? Keep it movin', keep it up, keep it up.

Sweezay! Ha, at least that's what these ladies call me.

It's a starlit night and that girl right there is Hailie's comet.
She got them haters watchin', ain't even sayin' stop it.
And she approached me, like it's a Sadie Hawkins.
She feelin' me, I'm fillin' pockets.
I'm feelin' good, they feelin' nauseous.
Because of all the hotness, let 'em faint.
I sweep her off her feet, and she levitate.
Yeah there's a couple haters, but we just let 'em hate.
Cuz she be killin' em, they in a better place.
Haha, R.I.P.
And she a angel so dead people is all I see.
She lookin' all icy, her body is too cold, she rockin' them tombstones.

Stop in a cute pose.
Took a couple of pics.
Then put 'em all online like Look at my dude Swych.
One comment said I love his music.
Another comment said He's such a cutie.
Now they know me, so I won't sleep &amp; I'm gon' keep.
Yes I said I'm gon' keep!

Keep on doin' it! Now tell me do you feel the energy.
Don't stop, don't ruin it, I swear you gon' remember me.
After the night, I'm passin' it like.
Right back your way, so I'm mackin' it right.
Been missin' so they lackin' it right.
They gassed, YL, we back on the mic.
like.
Go, go, go, go, gon' and keep it up.
Gettin' rid of competition, yeah we gonna sweep it up.
Move it closer though, we need it closer now.
And come and party with, the team that holds it down! Yeaaah!

Uh.
It's about time for a good time.
Could I help with the supply?
See I bring that energy.
Sort of like a senzu bean.
This the night the feelings right, act like you ain't got enemies.
And you ain't gotta worry about anything.
YL, certified chick mag-a-nets.
Airport, guaranteed to check and bag your chick.
I remember back when, they used to laugh at this.
And now they wishin' that, they could be half of this.

Breakdown: Qwin Omaru.
Keep it up, keep it up.
Yeah, we shut this whole thing down.
Shut it down.
We shut this whole thing down!

Find a woman who divine, tell her I'm the illest.
Supply the realest of rhymes inside the buildin.
She fine and she feelin me while she wind and dip it.
She wanna dine with a nigga, while the wine the sip it.
For the time being, she wanna work for me.
Sweat it out on the floor tryna find a limit.
And the clothes on the body fit perfectly.
Bring it close to me girl, show me how you get it.
And I'mma get it in, I'm just playin wit you girl, I be kiddin Miss.
Unless you feelin the idea a little bit.

I reel em in.
I'm bad to the bone, good till the end.
You can't go alone, then bring a friend.
Ill with the ink, sick wit a pen.
From now to five thousand and, ten.

