Keep It Real Lyrics
by Unonimus.


Define real . . . holding a .9 mil.
Or 9 million dollars with overly.
shined wheels?
Praying all night that you hopefully find skills.
Or writing all the time 'till you're rhyming ill? Divine will.
Asks that we separate from sin,.
never cave again.
And meditate on when we hesitate to lend a hand.
And these thoughts, they resonate within.
You go on a guilt trip so you swear to change and then.
You think you know it all so you educate a friend.
But they tell you that you're wrong and all y'all never make amends.

Was the divine will real or the friendship fake?
That's a question for another time, another rhyme.
The question right now is do you stick to your convictions.
Or switch them up to fit it, you never listened from the beginning.
But lately, society's convincing you to give in.
So you'll sacrifice whatever for the image of the realist.

I gotta, I gotta, I gotta have it, I gotta see it.
I gotta, I gotta use it, I.
Gotta be it.
I gotta, I gotta do it, ain't gotta reason.
But I gotta do this.
Mess to be the realist.

I'm not the realist . . . I'm just a realist.
It gets so cold when you're looking at the world through a snowglobe on.
The tip of my index, ran out of.
windex.
I'm losing sight of it all.
But in spite of it all I'm still a fly on the wall.
Flower, I'm mighty with all.
power, my Psyche sees all.
Not even trying and y'all.
cowards are scared of what tomorrow will bring.
I'm such a hypocrite, I' wallowing in sorrow and grief.
And that's real, I'm borrowing the mark of the beast.
So I'll unleash full.
Anger on beats.
Can't wait to be free, our brains are trapped in a cell.
All because dumbing it down just happened to sell.
It's like a race to be the last real N.
I-Double G-E-R Alive, but what defines that.
Does that define you? I think not but it seems pride's becoming the next swine.
flu.
. . . Becoming the next swine flu.
So get you vaccination 'fore it finds.
You.
x2.

While y'all fit in, I stray the followers path, always thinking but don't even have an A in all of my.
classes.
Thoughts so morbid, I may just swallow some glass.
Right after I grab a drink and then break the bottle in half.
Right over my head, and end it all right here.
I've been searching all my life for the end of this nightmare.
That you call living, well I call living painful.
Look around the world and all you see is sinning angels.
Hyporites, brains full of.
stereotyped images.
I'm sick of being judged by my sex, age, skin, or wit.
Monetary benefits, or lack of.
I don't mean to sound so appalled but it's ridiculous.
Explain to me, what is real again, I forgot the concept.
I'm honestly indifferent though.
I don't care about real, I don't care about fake.
I just want to be me.
And I don't care if that's too try hard deep or if I'm off.
Beat.

Though so . . . whatever.

