Kick It Lyrics
by Yung Massina.


Kick it with a young boss baby, we can get lost 
Let that top back on my ride baby. When you ready, let's vibe 
And, we gon kick it 
Girl. Let'S go kick it 
Like! How I kick it 
You wan na? Kick it 
 
Bitch come kick the shit with a fat boss, bitch and hop inside of this drop. Top 
We can smoke some weed and we can pop some pills and we can pig out at IHOP. 
I took your bitch to Saks. Fifth, I bought the bitch. All kinds of gifts 
I mean Versace, this bitch and Gucci that nigga Prada and Fendi bags 
Used to fucking them have nots. Now you fuck with me, and I have a lot 
I got so many motherfucking whips'til the shit. Look like a car lot. 
She say she love the way that I handle business. 
I got 12 years in this shit. That'S 12 years worth of pimping, bitch 
Your last nigga he kick rocks 
And. I rock and roll bitch call me the black version of Kid Rock minus the
guitar 
If. I see a bitch and I want her ass. You best believe I'ma go, get her 
Nigga 5 minutes worth of spit game. 

I meant to say I dick her down 
That pussy, so damn wet feel like my dick got on a clear coat. 
That pussy was so hairy'til. It looked like a Billy Goat, 
That ass, like two cantaloupes and I eat that pussy like a crocodile 
And. Now all she wan na do is 
 
If. You ask me for a dollar baby. You can have two 
If. You want some red bottoms I'll, make you a baboon 
I, don't wan na stall, but let's take it to the bathroom 
Give you brain and all shawty. Welcome to my classroom. 
 
Niggas want cocaine. I bring them cookies over, like new neighbors 
Fucking. With my game. You need two controllers: I'm too player, 
No plain hoes, I'm too major. I need some bitches. That'S gorgeous. 
You are one and you are too so get on top of this joystick 
They, say boy quit I say smoke this then I hand them hoes. A blunt 
And. Now they got them legs separated like Avant 
In. My bed doing stunts eating pussy tooting ass up, 
Let ‘em know they can split the pole without bad luck. 
Girl this ain't, no alley oop. So you shouldn't pass up 
Cutting fucking up her head man. I got her gashed up. 
Homie got her gassed up taking her to Shell 
I. Just keep it short and sweet like Miguel 
If you with it, come and kick it 
 
Kick it with a boss, see the way I floss 
Girl you wan na ball. We can kick it 
Like. The way I walk Like the way. I talk 
Like, a soccer ball. We can kick it. 
Yeah Girl, Girl, Yeah, Yeah
, 
