Kid U Not Lyrics
by Viro the Virus.

One i Di.Vision.
The one and only, Viro The Virus.
With EyeGo/Direct.
Yo.

Viro The Virus.
I heard a lot of shit about me.
Like when I'm liquored up, I can't keep my wits about me.
Bust it, I offered the public the same advice Chuck did.
And that's don't believe the hype or trust it.
I spit rugged till punks kick buckets.
Wave white flags and take flight fast.
Way too much of a scrub to play the clubs.
So I play the local pub with the gateway drug.
Battin' they idol, illogical scholar.
Change a pocket of chronic into a fist full of dollars.
Who's standing on your town's police plotter.
But move too smooth to slip and get horse-collared.
On a rampage like Barry Bonds roid raging on a bad day so you better am-scray.
But all the party people and fans stay.
Twist the bombay and pass it this way.

All jokes aside.
I'm just here to keep hip hop alive for those who think it died.
It's off the handle, when I ramble.
Careers get cancelled, MCs trampled.
All jokes aside.
I'm just tryin' to keep hip hop alive for those who think it died.
I'm real with no gimmicks, keep the dro twisted.
You know it's dope fo' sho' if Viro did it.

Viro The Virus.
It's the savvy veteran no rapper is better than.
It's just the facts, no bullcrap or embellishment.
I don't care one iota for the payola.
I eat your rap bars like granola.
You should know that I rape wacks.
So get it straight black or get the bozak ASAP.
Fuck ya chinchillas and ya Maybachs.
I chill in Champion hoods and take the train tracks.
My mother used to study the bible, me?
I studied Organized Konfusion vinyls.
A pothead from the boondocks.
Who rocks best in ya boombox, tighter than tube socks.
The answer to the question of who's hot?
In a separate category from who's not, see.
The Big V be the sure shot.
With more props than Carrot Top's box.

Viro The Virus.
I sold weed for 4 years straight.
All I gained was some Nautica Tees and some court dates.
And every ho I done had is now like.
Fuck that broke ass bum, he's a scum bag.
But I'm an artist with an Artest-mentality.
Storm the stands and turn fans to casualties.
Wheel and deal with movers and shakers.
Plus stand and deliver much sooner than later.
Freak the mic like a cut.
Pussy-lipped rappers try to grab it and it screams.
Unhand me at once!
Just get me back to the mac with a blunt.
Who'll make you punks wear a hat that says dunce.
I ask girls to play photography.
Let's go in a dark room and see what develops possibly.
Don't be mad, at least I'm speaking honestly.
Now ma please, follow me for sodomy.
Don't have a lot but on everything I got.
If I ever get broke, somebody's getting shot.
Kid U Not, you'll have a devil of a time tryin' to reach this level of mine,.
but.

