KILLwaukee Lyrics
by Vivafidel & Gat Turner.

In Killwaukee.

We are at war! Stand up! Not even safe in the womb here!
Gat Turner , Viva Fidel…in Killwaukee...

GatTurner:.
I wear the stamp of the camp that I'm trapped on.
Flowing through my veins, Branded on my backbone.
I'm roaming with a mask on, blending with the captives.
You learn to stretch a dollar like your money was elastic.
Freaks come out at night and then return to their caskets.
Get caught out of bounds, mess around and get your ass kicked.
Just ask “Big Dog”, even Glen fell into a pitfall.
“You should've built a Boys Club, Better run that shit…” Killwaukee Style!
God bless the little child living foul, but that's a year's salary around your.
neck.
Run it Now! &amp;.
Run for cover… Cuz the field niggas taking over.
Summerfest and State Fair, Find a spot and stay there , until the coast is clear.
Even our parents, man they live in fear...
But them shots that they hear come from the children that they rear.

Niggas fled the south, like Moses led them out.
But now I think they know they're still in Pharoah's house.
They built a Supermax for these ghetto blacks and latinos.
While your babymama losing stacks at the casino.
You are where you are and you gon' be where you gon' be.
K-I- double L-W-A-U-K-double E.
It's like “Pop Life” nigga, “Erotic City” nigga.
Its “Scandalous”, my city full of “Controversy” nigga.
No more “Happy Days” niggas packing pitbulls.
&amp; been praying for Alexis since she vanished from her school.
It's still one hustle, It's still one mission.
Gat Turner, Gun of God, FOI I'm still fishing.
If they chalk me,.
tell ‘em that I fought with those that fought me.
Right here In Killwaukee.

In Killwaukee.
We got mamas in the club.
While they shorties in the street seeking love.

In Killwaukee.
We might have to bust Mike out of prison.
Cuz niggas in my city ain't forgiven.

In Killwaukee.
Man it's niggas snatching up our babies.
Cuz the whiteman's world drove her crazy.
In Killwaukee.

Man we got a system full of villains and ain't no religion in them.
Even niggas politricking…

Viva Fidel:.
I'm off that ‘East, East East' so the mouthpiece is lethal.
Follow ya 1st instinct watch out for ‘them people'.
The criminals got badges and big ass budgets.
But the all the schools gettin shut down so the youth is like ‘fuck it!'.
They ask us to vote blind &amp; believe in a lie.
We see today's math as do for self/unite or die.
I don't make diss records about elected officials.
But I'm blessed tell the street soldiers who to shoot with them pistols.
Me and my niggas.
decided to show up uninvited.
They kept calling us the misguided so much it got us united.
Isolate to operate w/out being infiltrated, cuz its so many snitches.

Which one of you tricks is hating? The Great Gat Turner\- ‘Killwaukee' general.
Or VivaFidel.
‘Murder Mil' imperial.
When the gods spotted together the devils get to plotting.
So we know the mic is tapped but we have to keep rockin.
Like the Palace in the early 80's or the Black Panther Militia.
When they tried to call Commander crazy.
‘Happy days' n the.
41four/ Lavern.
and Shirley turned out early.
Now they Fonzerelli's whores , the preachers is pimpin.
We don't listen to politicians.
I'm up at the schools lendin my ears to the children.
Combat WARdrobe ,.
don't wear no disguise / this them bowties &amp; bean pies.
Those Red Black &amp; Green guys- same gang patna!
Powerful as possible- that Cream City attitude , truth is unstoppable.
So they can't off me! At all! 'Bitch I'm from KILLwaukee'.
Just thought I'd remind yall.

