Kitchen Lyrics
by Woop.


There's way too many straps off in my kitchen.
There's way too many slides off in my kitchen.
I had to move my stove out my kitchen.
Just to keep these niggas out my kitchen.

There's way to many straps off in my livin' room.
Birds everywhere smells like chicken fumes.
I don't think you pussy, boy you perfume.
I just pull up on him, let them bullet vroom.
I hit so many plates off in my trap spot.
All I know is juug til' I cap out.
All I know is get it til' the work gone.
Nigga I been robbin' since them chirp phones.
I reunite with gangsters at the jack spot.
All white mollies got my block hot.
4 in the mornin' and they still soft.
All they know is Woop we need that ready rock.
Still in the kitchen water whippin'.
700 ways that's how we livin'.
You can catch a hot one in the kitchen.
I can't let em' disrespect my kitchen.

There's way too many straps off in my kitchen.
There's way too many slides off in my kitchen.
I had to move my stove out my kitchen.
Just to keep these niggas out my kitchen.
I'm exactly what the streets been missin'.
Every time I talk they pay attention.
Man don't disrespect me in my kitchen.
I swear you can catch one in the kitchen.

A lot of water whippin' in the kitchen.
A lot of niggas die behind them pigeons.
Right wrist look like a bag of piffin.
Left wrist look like I'm truly gettin' it.
A lot of kush jars off in my cabinets.
Real trap niggas be attached to bricks.
Woop gang niggas got me jackin' shit.
Molly on your bitch like a mack and shit.
Ain't never hard to find, I'm where that curve at.
That used to be where niggas sell them birds at.
Now we scramblin' for that pack, like we ain't hear of sacks.
And niggas steady callin' for that purp bag.
We still be takin' shit, how we came up.
Niggas HollyWoop, we switched the name up.
Niggas totin' pistols, gettin' flamed up.
Just for trying to disrespect my kitchen cuh.

Got too many birds in my trap, too many straps in my kitchen.
I smoke jars jars to the face, when FedEx bring shipments.
True Religions got bands in em', ziplocs got grams in em'.
Chicken coop that's a van, got birds stuffed and crammed in em'.
I sell drugs where the killers be, and i really hang with robbers.
And these belt blocks and mollies, all came from robbin'.
High risk, high profit, just to live that high life.
I'm cloud surfin on kush clouds, I'm really livin' that cloud life.
Shoutout to my shooters, one time for my robbers.
Big bank take little bank, so i fed his ass to my robbers.
Stay the out my kitchen, keep your hands off my stove.
And if you pull up with that sack, my whole team on go.
I only deal with the plug, cuz the middle man trying to make some.
I only deal with the plug, cuz in the end ima take some.
Put bars in the trash can.
?

