KNOWLEDGE OF GOD Lyrics
by Unholy Homies.


Bitches running up and flashing like a photo sb's on while I'm sipping on that.
slo-mo.

I be the Unholiest the oracle ,She wanna chill with me.
Cause my aura cool ,G star jeans kind of sort of dude.

In these rhymes I write my life like a thesis.
When I was 12 I went to hell for snuffing Jesus.
Fuck that man the masses gon believe this.
I'm unstoppable the abominable for reasons.
Ain't nobody keeping no tabs on me, I got some tabs on me.
Fuck with me baby meet the unholy army.
We jus tryna party.
But pardon me,im probably.
John Locke on adderal , arguably.
Somewhere in the astrals, mob with me.
Ya third eye calcified , so its hard to see.
My Aura poppin' like a zanny.
I'm out of site, before ya bitch could even find her panties.
The blunt ignites, the only hairy bitch I like is Mary.
Sincerely,got bigger things to stress over than superstition.
Assassinate the secret service ,when I tote the smithin.
Rip up the.
Declaration ,Overthrow the system.
Deep meditation ,nigga my soul is missin'.
The goal is to get top from whoever you kissin'.
Trust me I'm a fucking cloud stomper.
Master of the mantra.
Fuck a gun nigga better open up ya chakra.
Even tho you heathens prolly won't even bother.
I'm the godfather.
Of.
Everything mystical.
Put unholy homies where ever the abyss would go.
Twisting up ya mind, And Fuckin up ya physical.
Prolly why ya ho down to roll like a tissue though.
She claim that you so got damn predictable.

Call me young actavis or astral.
Don't believe in yolo cause I been here In the past ho.
I'm pretty sure in every single life I am an asshole.
But this might be my first speech to the mass yo.
Thinking without no barriers.
Fuck god cuz when I call he ain't hearin us.
Fuck satan too he da one dat put the fear in ya.
But ain't no such thang.
Just the yin and the yang.
Negatives and positives keep the world fuckin sane.
You couldn't even fathom, My synapses reactions.
That's why I'm Rolling wit the unholy faction.
These vibrations you wouldn't understand it.
Vivid ass lyrics everything I say is candid.
While niggas in the hood let it blast like a cannon.
Im an avid substance abuser , Thee unholy recruiter.
You into higher counciousness than I'm ya fuckin tutor.
Tryna spread a message no intentions of malice.
Kick knowledge to ya dome till ya ears get caliced.
Fuck whatever you rock we still anti-stylist.

Wish that I could put my lucid dreams on replay.
If life's a bitch, tell me why the fuck she so easy.
The world spin around like a record ... Who the d-j?

