Last Supper Lyrics
by Quanche.

Narrative.
Throughout history many extremely creative people have been exceptionally.
prone to procrastination.
There are stories of authors, actors, inventors, politicians, artists etc.
All having bouts of procrastination so obvious and problematic that it was.
recorded for me to read about hundreds of years after.
The most interesting and surprising example of these stories is Leonardo da.
Vinci.
Arguably the most intelligent and ingenious man in history.
This is a man who said he regrets never having completed a single work.

You either looking for the Christ or the Anti.
I'm just looking for the shit to make my head high.
Looking for the next up to make rank I.
Got these motherfuckers by a landslide.
I'm about to break a few ankles, you get the picture I'ma take a few angles.
Take it for just a fucking mixtape I'ma murder shit and leave you can light a.
few candles.
It shouldn't be a problem yet they looking at me sideways and they talk about.
fam but man we ain't from the same stitch.
I spend more money when I save more time so I don't really spend alot of time.
with my bitch.
That's prolly why she ain't with me, few haters got a few barrels aimed at me.
And we almost there; the coupe two door.
Matter fact, give a fuck, I need a few more.
Is that the only motivation or the mode of transportation.
I digress, I was in the kitchen with no apron.
You don't know the feeling 'less you in the situation.
I re-wrote the script, ripped out some pages.
The kush I smoke like Holyfield, bad bitch in my automobile, both her and my.
whip.
Hotter than hell but I got a few bars so I prolly don't care.
Nah, Outta my mind so I don't pay none to em, the end will begin soon.
What's it look like.
I don't pay none to em, the end will begin soon.
What's it look like.

Narrative.
When he was commissioned to paint the Last Supper he would come in some days.
stare at the canvas for hours make one brush stroke and leave.
When there were complaints about his delay, he wrote to the head of the.
monastery and said the only reason why it was taking him so long is because he.
was stuck on trying to find the villainous face of Judas.
He said if he wasn't allowed to take his time and find the face he had in.
mind, then he would paint the face of Judas with the features of the one who.
complained.
It took him 4 years to finish that painting.

