Late Night Cigars Lyrics
by Uniq Mic.

UniQ Mic &amp; sample.
Yeah, damn, what a long day.
Let me put on some TV.
But I still say you could have done that.
It was too late.
While I light up a doobie.
He could'nt make it.
Shut up.
Oh, I see Lionel is already here.
You really starting to get on my nerves.
{​Inhales}​ damn.
Well, I am glad I kept you entertained, tough guy.

Late night cigars instigate convenient amnesia.
Give me the power to annotate the whole rap genius.
Hail Mary Mother Jane you know I need yah.
Genius congregation, I can never miss a joint service.
And I proudly say this.
You help me stop questioning God's sanity.
This for my stoners.
And fuck your honors.
You MPs be moving with sixteen's secretly like battle Emcees.
Sometimes I wish I was blind, fuck what my eye sees.
I swear the world is teaching me to swear.
But I still don't wanna be elsewhere.
Drey and UniQ are just masks I wear.
And I'm not the same man I were.
Been underground for so long.
All my friends could be rats.
Thank God they ain't got a bull's eye.
So they ain't good with darts.
I see a couple of rappers who blew up using my lines.
Better pray I never blow up.
Your careers ain't part of God's designs.
Unlike Obama, am here to get it straight.
I understand I got your mind wet.
But G.O.M.D is my mindstate.
You teasing yourself, trynna do things at my rate.
Trynna do things at my rate.
I'm from the warm heart where it's turning cold.
It's taking'em permanent haircuts, it's turning bald.
Oh God, where I'm from.
Feels like the lost city of Atlantis.
So I just gotta put it on the map.
With what I rap.
I knew I had Potential.
That's why I started The Movement.
I'm so kinetic.
I'm just converting the energy to heat.
That's why am getting hot.
I've been here for way too long.
It's time I switch the gear.
If the sky is the limit then this year.
Like an eye, you'll see it tear.
Gotta do everything in good time.
So am trynna own a Rolex.
We stuck in a matrix.
An identity matrix.
Either you the one or you a zero.
But am king for sure, like that nigga Nero.
Holl'up, I was getting greedy with the joint.
Lemmi pass it to Lionel tho.

Break: Sample.
Cease operation immediately.

Error preparation procedure incomplete.

Announcement, powerful generator is disconnected.
Announcement, generator test is complete.
But now special key is required to operate the generator.
Announcement, powerful generator is connector.

Late Night Cigars, ah.
Lemme get my mind right, yeah.
Told myself this cigar is my last tonight, yeah.
I might be gettin' addicted and I fear for my life.
Need to find another way to wash stress out my mind.
I take time trynna find me everyday.
Trynna know who I am and why am on this earth.
So bring me a mirror coz I need to reflect.
And...yes, a rocket, I could really use some space.
Man, my life is a mess.
Searchin' for Mrs Right but she playin' hide and sick.
So every time I try, I end up with the wrong chick.
To be honest, I'm really sick of it.
Got me to the point of thinking true love don't exist.
So I get me a bottle of vodka and a few spliffs.
Trynna convince myself that bitches ain't shit.
But I'd be dumb to believe that shit.
Life is a movie and only God has got the script.
They say life is a bitch.
Shinin' on the surface like she been electroplated.
Everywhere she goes she becomes the main topic.
With that much attention she don't hesitate to give it.
Life is a joke and only a few get it.
Seems like everybody knows what a nigga should do.
No disrespect I think yo advice is cool.
Only problem is I don't fuck with you.
So keep yo 2 cents buy duct tape and zip yo mouth fool, yeah.
Been rappin' for years but don't got a lot to show for it.
But my heart keeps telling me to go for it.
So until this music shit pays off.
Lionel ain't takin' no days off.

Yeah, we still blazin' in this motherfucker.
Some real nigga shit.

Well, I am glad I kept you entertained, tough guy.

