Lay Down And Just Write Lyrics
by Unorthodocks.

.
Stephen Hawking couldn't comprehend the depth.
Of what lies inside my mind and I design with every breath.
Shakespeare couldn't hold a pen like me.
One like breaks illiterates, obliterates his syche.
Let me reiterate, inseminate your wifey.
Slayed tracks from styles from laid back to hyphy.
Yes I've made stacks, no Maybachs or icey.
Pricey Rollies, no he couldn't care slightly.
What you aspire to, I retire to nightly.
I recognize that and I don't take it lightly.
I just set my sights at a higher height B.
Could it be that you're just so much flyer yo?.
Might be.
Never been hired, never been fired.
Never been tired,.
desired or secretly admired.
I play a social spectator here collect data.
Crunch digits into lyrics that I store to catch wreck later.
Dismantle your philosophy in a split second.
Could give a damn about what an upper class twit reckon.
I'll have you reborn in a mere moment.
It's clear you're no opponent for the Arizonan Ronin.
Getting caught up in my zone leads to serotonin depletion.
Known to leave a legion pleading at the feet of the Phoenician.
As you're leaching off the genius trying to feed off my secretion.
My rhyme feats are prime meet, you small potatas.
Still yelling we the greatest, give a fuck if y'all debate us.
Call as haters, we just acknowledge what's factual.
These other dudes rap, I make tracks that impact you all.
Every bar calculated, styles amalgamated.
Compiled algorithms in files that I created.
Drove miles sedated on an unpaved road.
In an unbuilt city but I still paid tolls.
The God laid scrolls for mere mortals to learn from.
As I lean back with a green quarter and burn some.
The rap black quarterback, white emcee rapping.
On any night sure to sack your first string captains.
I'm the worst thing to happen to rap since major labels.
The same ones that made you the rage and staged your fables.
You never paid dues, all you did was pay your way.
So when I'm rocking open mics you'll be rocking pay-to-play.
Quit talking, who cares who says who rocks it hard?.
Your arms are too short to trade blows with Docks the God.
Sure you can rhyme fine but next mine your flows sub-par.
You cats are Primetimes; close but no cigar.
.
I forget better rhymes than you've written on the daily.
You could find me in the cut rolling trees, hitting Bailey's.
Sitting at an obtuse angle; the rap mongoose.
Slay snakes in the booth whenever I let a song loose.
I heard you got strong juice, let me water you down.
.
My domes cauterized from when I soldered the crown.
Not a wise guy was found in any part of the town.
Trying to step, they fall back like Docks started it now!.
Crowds gather around and peep the marvelous sound.
I'm a modern Quasimodo on a mission like Frodo.
Easily stepping over you fake lyrical Toto's.
While you take photos in mirrors I'ma shatter your vanity.
Hand written notepad full of utter insanity.
Manhandling Hannity's, yo I'm more like a Kennedy.
Making magic with profanities and other obscenities.
You can keep your paid packages and other amenities.
I'm independent to death just like a desert anemone.
Hundred percent of enemies can't mess with me mentally.
Testing the message I'm sending through the net and through Fenopy.
Like the venomous centipede that it is before it strikes.
I'm just trying to get love, give a fuck about the likes.
Tuck the bud up in my Nikes, hit the strip once or twice.
Get dropped back at the crib, lay down and just write.
.
Lay down and just write x3.
.
