Let 'Em Know Lyrics
by The Wreckshop Family.


Roll up the dro, po' up the fo'.
Calling all my thug niggas, time to hit the flo'.

Roll up the dro, po' up the fo'.
Calling all my thug niggas, time to hit the flo' let em know.
You bout your bidness, and you ain't gon play.
, you out the gutter and you come up handling weight.
, see it's whatever man plexing never settles man.
, get on our level man we up out the ghetto man.

D-Gotti.
Off top, I came from the block.
I came with a Glock, so don't get body rocked.
Got it hot yes sir, blowing on the best sir.
And your girl on my thang, cause I beat it up on the dresser.
Mitchell &amp; Ness sir, man I'm throwback.
On this dro from Afghan', trying to get blow back.
True mack's wrecking I, sex with dime sexes.
Guys spitting flows hitting hoes, this is what we specialize.
Supersize rizzel, baby mama fill'l.
He po'd up and thoed her, and he still wanna spill him but he gon.

Roll up the dro, po' up the fo'.
Calling all my thug niggas, time to hit the flo' let em know.
If you ain't fronting, and you keep it one hundred.
, you getting money playboy you ain't stunting.
, you grinding with it and you pay your own dues.
, do your dirty work and don't leave clues.

A3.
I kick in the do', said it before.
Piece around my neck, colder than a block of snow.
Got my hand on my grain, a playa like to swang.
I'ma do the damn thang, cause I'm thoed in the game.
Choo-choo where the train, I don't know but I'm the tanker.
All day everyday, gotta keep it gangsta.
Pull up to the club, on some oversized dubs.
Got purple marinated, moving like a slug.
I'm a playa, holding it down a heavyweighter.
Where my hustlers if you hear me, all across the equator then.

Roll up the dro, po' up the fo'.
Calling all my thug niggas, time to hit the flo' let em know.
If you thugging, and you all about your do'.
, if you playa and you ain't tripping on no hoe.
, if you hood and you represent it good.
, if you real make the point understood.

D-Reck.
I'm gon let them boys know, when I step up in the do'.
I done valeted the car, and now it's all systems go.
There go D-Reck, see he CEO.
The streets show respect, cause they see he know.
How to get that do', how to whip that snow.
How to ship that dro, grip the calico.
Let's get this shit right, we gon burn all night.
We gon thug it in the club, till they turn on the lights.
If you love it man say it, tell the DJ man play it.
All my Dirty 3rd gangstas, go on wreck it and display it let's.

Roll up the dro, po' up the fo'.
Calling all my thug niggas, time to hit the flo' let em know.
You fetch your feddy, by any means necessary.
, it's cash first all else is secondary.
, just scream if you bout cream like Ben &amp; Jerry.
, you trying to make it quick fast and in a hurry.

Dirty $.
Life's a hundred yard dash, until away from the block.
Waiting for the starting gun to pop, then the first is that shot.
As long as my cash quat, any season it drop.
Boys wanna hate, give him a reason when I hide the top.
I make em stop drop and roll, swanging elbows.
Crawling down candy, creature feature's exposed.
On that Southside, we slide down and swang wide.
And I'm thoed gripping grain, sitting on that buck hide.
When I glide down, I'm just another gutter guy.
Looking fly on that butter, so I guess I'm butterfly now.

Roll up the dro, po' up the fo'.
Calling all my thug niggas, time to hit the flo' let em know.
We thoed swanging, bounce and turn.
, with a big muddy cup and a ounce to burn.
, we thoed swanging bounce and turn.
, with a big muddy cup and a ounce to burn.

We thoed, swanging bounce and turn.
With a big muddy cup, and a ounce to burn - 2x.
We thoed, let em know.

