Let's Get Money Lyrics
by Bad Lucc.

.
All this grindin', all this money, gotta get it.
If it's hustlin' then I'm with it.
Keep it bangin', let's get with it.
All my gangsters let's get work.
Bawk bawk bawk, you get first.
If you scared then go to church.
Let's get this money.
All my life I've been strugglin' with this paper.
Keep a strap and fuck a hater.
If I'm in it then I'm ridin', if I'm bussin', see you later.
Got a itchin' for this meal, keep on flossin' fuck a deal.
I get mine up out the field, let's get money.
.
My  nigga, I done pushed the line.
And stayed reppin' my hood, she lookin' fine.
city nigga but the cookin' nine.
And  suck her down for the look in her.
Mercenary with it, I was paid to kill.
vet, I was made as steel.
.
with it, I'mma juk in the field.
she sex ho, real G and we next ho.
Icy fresh on that neck ho, and this .223 make a mess ho.
I'm bout the bullshit, I push the V.
says you lookin' for me.
nigga feelin' so froze.
Wonder how a nigga stay feelin' on hoes.
suckin' for the fam I trip.
Plan dance on 'em, bustin' head in a VIP.
Me and my bros we about them chips.
Got an  living room, about 120 whips.
Take the P and I break it down.
Won't sell shit if it make it round.
Me and my nigga Tony P off an eighth right now.
Big Dog with it got K right now.
Kush in the plane, I'm gonna set the mood.
You niggas ain't eatin' better check your food.
I put an I don't give a fuck nigga next to you.
Then I break you in two, put you next to you.
I'm a 10-6 hot boy, jump the line.
Bad luck come by, fuck the time.
I was raised in the hood, I come from that.
niggas do you bad with your monkey ass.
.
East side nigga fresh up out the G, insane Vice Lord 53.
Carolina park king, mother fuck a rap dream.
Talk about a murder when you mention me.
I got the yop-yop on deck, GPs, VVS on my neck.
Motherfuckers better moderate cause I go retarded, never tolerate no.
disrespect.
Gangster Gibbs ho, I live for these bitches, dopin' these dollars.
Ready to kidnap your kinfolk, you don't really want these problems.
my skin, it's in my blood, it's in my nature.
Momma knew that since a baby she was gone bury me a gangster.
Choppin' paper.
Cluck heads bout to line up.
In the dope house finna cook a nine up.
Just a kush weed fiend with a triple beam dream.
Is you buyin' or sellin'? Boy make your mind up.
Niggas they be slippin' and trippin' fuckin' the grind up.
Tryna hit a lick then bright lights behind us.
Niggas wanna hang and slang, you better bang the thag.
A penitentiary next place you wind up, I know.
Still livin' like a motherfuckin' dope dealer.
Still livin' like a motherfuckin' jack boy.
Got a pack of the girl, I'm gonna go get her.
Gone break it down, show me where it's at boy.
Thug till my death date.
And guarantee that every nigga my sex straight.
We takin' trips out of town, got your bitch bustin' down.
Finna put her on a motherfuckin' sex tape with my niggas.
.
