Let's Dance Lyrics
by Sweet Tee.


As, the turntables turn the wheels burn 
Pay attention, there's a lesson to learn: 
I'm about to get hype so take a chance. 
What I want you to do now. Is dance, 
, 
Let's, dance, 
, 
Put, the needle to my record step back and watch it go 
You wan na hear if it's good Huh now you know 
I want you to observe 
The way. I say every noun. Every verb, 
I'm, superb word to Hurb 
Bustin, a rap while your feet tap 
On time with my rhymes, while my DJ rocks the scratch 
I'm in the midst of a rappin blizz' 
And, you ain't never heard a girl rock the mic like this 
Out of those seats. Yo bee, you got ta dance for me. 
Scream and yell cause the record's gon na sell. You see, 
So tell a friend and a friend how hype it is. 
Never sour gon na tell you how ripe it is 
Get with the go with the flow with the action 
Time after time. I'Ma come back. Maxin' 
So just take this chance to get some ants in your pants 
Under. This circumstance all you got. Ta, do is dance 
, 
Dance 
I know you got the feeling 
Let's dance 
Come on and get down. 
 
Sittin' in my room with a pen and a pad 
Wouldn't say I was bored well just a tad. 
I wrote this rhyme to make you dance, 
Throw your hands up high and shake those pants 
The needle won't jump. The system, pumps 
Make, the baddest in the field feel like suckers and chumps 
Never call my bluff, don't sleep. I get rough 
You can tell I'm hard as hell with a feminine touch: 
Spreadin like a vine and I'ma grow on and flow on, 
And, so on and so on, and so on, 
Stompin' the world with marvellous hit after hit 
Designed, so you can dance to it. 
So get jumpin and pumpin cause it's time to rejoice, 
Sweet Tee's on the mic. Can'T you tell by the sound of my voice, 
Lettin, you know one time in advance: 
You got ta, get on the dancefloor and dance 
 
Get up and dance is what I intended 
If you're still in your seat, I'll be offended 
Here to set it off. So those who think I'm soft 
When I enter the room break north 
Rampagin upstagin when in rage 
I'm like a beast breakin out of his cage. 
Cause, it's time to rhyme get mine can't take a resign 
New jacks hit the back of the line. 
Now you knowm get up dance, so my show 
Can flow come on. You know, let's go 
Dance in sweat, breakdown to the beat and let me 
Turn it out, so you can never forget me 
Sweet Tee at the t-o-p 
Most. Definitely gettin paid g after g 
To enhance party people. Put you in a trance 
What. I want you to do for me. Now is dance 
 
