Libra Scale Lyrics
by Zio zane.


Yeah, we just lost man heart of lost angels.
It's only my team my nigga Majestic.
I ain't even gotta tell em my nigga.
They all know no competition.
This the Libra Scale my nigga.

Tell em ..tell em tell em tell em....
These niggas know this niggas know uh.
I ain't gotta prove shit my nigga.
You gotta feel this listen.

Man I saw that I need that.
No chains on but fuck that.
Military swag im a brass hat.
My pocket broke but still swag.
We viewing life on different level.
You livin' life below sea level.
Fly niggas we takin' off your watch screamin' you fuckin lost.
Man fuck your money fuck your fame we outchea with no plans.
Chasing dreams in traffic jams ,fast cars no fast food.
Pyramid eye ya'll screwed but that's cool? ya'll fools!
We talkin shit? go deaf we pass away a.t.f.
You know ya boy on the way tryna get the money.
Where the cash at I be chilling with my homies.
All my haters made a queue to make a punchline.
Never late on my grind no no crunch time.
Get your own swag get your money bag.
Hip Hop on the last breath imma bring it back.
I vomit like a volcano imma die on Pluto.
With some badass bitches straight from Pronto.
I fuck em like a Rabbit tell we ball.
Give em carrots they don't grow but they blow.
Police chicks chasing me like they flo jo.
But a blow joe like me never know where to go.
If your momma is working for the feds.
Sorry my nigga you know who I hit.
You know who I hit badass nigga you know who I hit.

Zio Zane &amp; Rock Chando*2.
Heaven and hell on the libra scale.
The good and the bad on the same scale.
We all judges we all murders.
We all saints and we all sinners.
Man fuck that imma live my life.
Imma live my life.
Imma live my life.
Bitch imma live my life.

I pray all day sin all night.
All these days got me feeling like these nights alright.
I say.

Heaven and hell on the libra scale.
The good and the bad on the same scale.
Life is bitch she got skills.
She got a nigga broke man she got something for sale.
Niggas wanna buy niggas wanna fly.
Niggas having what the fuck you talkin 'bout.
I ain't here for nothing I ain't here for free.
Broke pocket set me free.
Sunset dos mill onze I dreamt of a girl like Beyoncé.
So many bitches like in Bombay but they all fuckin care what D say.
You know what D say fuck that forsake that or chase that.
Options like in fourways I chase that and eat that p*ssy.

Zio Zane &amp; Rock Chando*2.
Heaven and hell on the libra scale.
The good and the bad on the same scale.
We all judges we all murders.
We all saints and we all sinners.
Man fuck that imma live my life.
Imma live my life.
Imma live my life.
Bitch imma live my life.

