Life is a Struggle and Pain Lyrics
by Z-Ro.


Life is a struggle and pain. I can't see the 
Sunny days'fore, the rain G-O-D. Please 
Help me to maintain, because I don't 
 Wan na die. If I'm living in vein, 
 
Cl'Che 
Sometimes, I just wan na scream 
But, I know G-O-D will make it right. For me, 
When, I feel like I can't take no more of these rugged streets. 
I. Let him take over now. My mind is free from worries. 
So many negatives. I can't fall 
Got. My cheese and Pac's are posted on my wall. 
If. I make any more mistakes. I can now learn from em all 
Cause I'm grown. Now I found him so you know I'm strong. Now 
I write my songs with plenty of pride 
For, my people that done burned for years and died 
Don't you wan na grow over your child. So you can know who you are 
Instead of putting the world on pause just to drive that fancy car 
Hey boy. I want you to feel me now. 
Cl'Che know you got it pain, won't love! You anyhow 
Need you to help that little sister, you know, build some esteem, 
You wan na know. What'S on her mind and not in her jeans. 
Let'S make this world a better place for the living 
Let's, make our minds a better place for thinking and listening 
My people. Let'S try to make a change 
Cause. I don't wan na die if I'm living in vein, 
 
Z-Ro 
Even with God in my life. It'S still hard in my life 
Motherfuckers call it so close to be fraud. In my life 
And. I can't understand Z-Ro ain't, doing no wrong 
That's, probably why they be fucking with me thinking, I'm all song 
But. It'S all gravy! You wan na hate me then go on hate me. 
Cause. I'Ve been looking for reasons to take it off safety 
And a motherfucker. Don'T make me for me. Lay me feeling on me 
Like. Nobody don't really want me. The pressure creeping up on me 
I wonder what happy is cause I've, never known it. 
People I meet ain't partnas. They potential opponents 
Cloudy days and the place. I come from running from cops 
Put it down in the alley way when they pass, I'm busting some shots. 
Sorry God, I know I ain't got no business selling dope and tripping God. 
Show me some inspiration when you see me slipping God 
Cause when I die, I don't want it to be in vein. 
I'D rather serve in heaven won't be in the Penn in the flame. 
 
Cl'Che 
Know, you can go anywhere, you wan na go. 
You can be anything you wan na be 
You, can see anything you wan na see. 
If you keep G-O-D first everyday 
And. It hurts the daily living. While you flipping 
Through your hood with your partnas kicking 
Click tripping, don't know why he had a short living. 
You, don't know yeah. You know 
He ain't, the first, oh, how the truth hurts 
, 
Z-Ro, 
So I'mma go where I wan na go 
And. If I'm pressing for a fo', that's what I'm gon na blow 
Long as my bills paid and my rent paid, it's all gravy 
Cause. When I was on this ain't nan. One of my people saved me. 
Life is a struggle and a pain, but I'm maintaining 
I pray. I won't get found naked with my brains, hanging 
Too many niggas trying to get me for my paper. Stack 
So I'mma be bout, a playa now, where the haters at 
 
