Lightskin  Darkskin Lyrics
by Yung Trae.

Lightskin.

I fell in love with a light skin girl, she was cute as fuck.
She said she rarely deal with rappers, cause we only wanna fuck.
Poured my heart out via text, and sent a few emojis after that.
But she wasn't with the shits, she gonn wait until the old me back.
Girl can you try reply tonight, shit I feel at least you owe me that.
Shit I feel at least you owe me that.

If I catch her in her horny mode, she gonn want me to come over thurr.
I'm so quick to grab my car keys, the reason why I can't get over her.
Now a nigga on the parkway, Weezy coming out my radio.
Quarter tank of gas, gun under the seat, I open up my weed bag it's.
It's half past one, I drunk a lot of lean; I'm half past done.
I'm the Metaphor God, so our daughter half nun.
She send another text like: You still gonn come?
Twenty minutes away!, that's what my iPhone say.
Twenty minutes later I'm at where she stay.
She wave me inside, I expect to make a movie.
But she was on her period, so all we did was watch a movie.

-.

Darkskin.

My dark skin girl is the cutest, but her personality sucks.
But she was there when I needed a couple bucks.
To ride the train up town so I could re-up.

With her mama's discount card, back when all I could afford was Discount Mart.
And maybe some small fries, she ain't really have the booty, and even smaller.
thighs.
But it's like staring into space, looking in her eyes.
I stopped skipping class so I could stare at her.
I love her style I mean she.
And look at me, walking 'round saying flows.
She said: If you make it, don't forget about me.
Mention me on a song to show you care about me.
Don't pay attention to the rumors you may hear about me..
I never will, even though I know they're true.
Never let what they say skew my perception of you.
Yo' I really started trappin' a while after you moved.
Even started gangbang'in with the neighborhood crew.
Got me a lil .380, even bang'in it too.
I been sippin' on lean, I been drink'in the screw.
Cleaned my brothers old shoes, niggas think'in they new.
Lied about a couple things, got 'em think'in it's true.

