Like My Style (feat. Pleasure P) Lyrics
by Yung Berg.


Talking:.
Them dope boys saying: whoa, whoa ah whoa ah whoa I need that tracker than a.
whoa, whoa ah whoa ah whoa.

Yung Berg:.
Yea, got me feeling like another person love the video just wait till you meet.
me in person love who? make a notice that you ___ person love homie how the.
truth acts best try me ay cause see I tell you Im a young boss then ask 50.
he'll tell you Im a young boss he know me only like ___________ but pardon me.
Im shootin 21 with Marc Ecko right up in his office next to my apartment after.
that 20 minutes for a phone conference, Hello see where they at remember me.
get you lean on shawty bring it back a monster on the beat I party on the.
track smokin on trees Bob Marley in the back and I remember when a Harley was.
the mad quo but now Im John connie on the track homie cause thats the way I.

Whoa, whoa ah whoa ah whoa to young niggas in the game we fucking with some.
lame shit I know you like style we got them Jos champagne mami dont know how.
to act cause hey you gotta like my style so hey shawty  come get.
it  if you want it  and im with it  cause.
your nigga dont like it cause we showing up accidently but hey I know you like.
my style whoa, whoa ah whoa ah whoa, whoa, whoa ah whoa ah whoa.

Yung Berg:.
Everybody know Im heavy in the track deadly with the rap conamental GT plus a.
chevy in the back in fact I dont even try to make hits I just step up in the.
booth and make it make sense Im a new breed shawty look at me grab your camera.
yea gon get it close to me you can show it to your mama then reminisce and.
think about what the kid would be after 6 and____that I am heaven sent sick.
and knock em out the door shawtty let me in  see where you at remember me raw beat cool &amp; dre on the track a.
monster on the beat I party on the track smokin on trees hittin shawty from.
the back in fact I remember when I couldn't buy a sack but now Im everywhere.
with a rap all because the way I.

Whoa, whoa ah whoa ah whoa to young niggas in the game we fucking with some.
lame shit I know you like style we got them Jos champagne mami dont know how.
to act cause hey you gotta like my style so hey shawty  come get.
it  if you want it  and im with it  cause.
your nigga dont like it cause we showing up accidently but hey I know you like.
my style.

Talking:.
Yea you know what is man, its yo boy, I go by a few names but right now you.
can call me Jukee, Cool &amp; Dre, Cash Money, P whats happening playa,.
alright.

