Lincoln Ave Lyrics
by Tyler Thomas.


We gon na take a trip right now. 
Like. We always do about that time. 
 
Head nod to my old shit. I really didn't know shit 
Thought. I was on some pro shit 
That. I always had to talk about poor shit. 
I was tryna reach a crowd that ain't have shit 
But the situation kept a nigga stagnant 
All. My new shit sounding like my last shit, 
How, the hell a nigga finna make a smash hit 
Fast forward like 8 months 
When. I put the weed down. No grape blunt 
I still miss the little way that it stick to you 
And when you quit its like the smell still get to you. 
So I-, I took a little time had to find me 
And. Finally, the niggas, that's behind me, 
I, couldn't hang with them. Niggas on a crime spree 
Lincoln Ave, you niggas know where to find me 
Had a talk with my mans bout. The whole thing 
Just a matter of time until my phone rings 
Had game, but I never had no team 
Had ties, but I never had no string. 
I been married to the game. Still no ring 
She been cheatin on a nigga. Still no flings 
Every fly nigga got ta, get his own wings 
But. I still don't understand what no means 
 
My new life better than my old life 
Cause. My old life didn't seem so right, 
How. Could I be so young and be so bright 
But. My dreams had width still, no height, 
And things, don't change, but the vision do 
Im intricate with sentences. I give to you 
Im pickier, with people that I listen to. 
Particularly niggas, who ain't winning boo 
Now. I make sure everything I make more 
That's really what I had to take a break for 
I didn't have direction, but a great core 
I was scratchin' at the surface, couldn't break floor, 
Its so easy to get sidetracked. Listening to my tracks, 
Niggas talk through it. I despise that 
How. Could I get mad when I do the same thing, 
Its my job to keep you in my mood swings 
And. I don't give a fuck about anything else, but us right now, 
I've been workin like a slave 
And. I'M feeling like I'm right on the cusp right now 
I'm at a good pace, and I really can't afford to be rushed right now. 
We see these other niggas getting signed, but we got ta. Do us right, now
, 
