Liquid Soul Lyrics
by Quiet Luke.


I'm not fearless.
I just make my fear less by facing it.
And facing it, you facing it.
The face of a generation with no patience.
For sorry old souls trying to dull all of our radiance.
I ain't the son of God, but I'm the sun of God.
And though my light shine bright I'm an underdog.
Truthfully we all got a glow, but if we don't grow we won't show it.
The stoned, stoic, lone, poet found his way at last.. found my way at last.
Came a long way from weighing the grass.
Back when I said I was the one man they said that it was dumb.
All the attention I paid in the class.
That's ironic, flow faster than Sonic.
A flowmaster I'm on it with flows that are iconic, so.
Pass the bubonic we trying to celebrate here.
Cause in my sonic heaven we can levitate here, forever.

I hear the song and can fly like an eagle.
Something 'bout it seems regal.
Told my mama we gon' be like the Beatles.
She said Baby I believe you....
I just don't even know how.
I said, By pouring my soul out.
She asked me, How do you go 'bout that?
Mama, I said, I already know how.

American dreamer dreamin of simpler times.
A denizen's demeanor, searching for the sweeter life.
The nicer things, outside of possessions &amp; acclimations.
Obligations turn into accusations and confrontations.
So I keep it positive and just expect nothin.
Summoning provocative topics to cut a discussion.
It's a wall between my dreams, I'm punchin and fuckin punchin.
I punch-in and fuckin punch-in, while punchin and fuckin punchin.
Hopin somebody fuckin hears me.
Writin songs, smoking blunts in a fuckin D.A.R.E tee.
My own potential scares me, thoughts on Kilimanjaro.
Out of my mind, head in the clouds, I'll see you tomorrow.

Feature after feature, hearse after hearse.
Just a figment of growing out in the open.
I came a long way from being so mentally broken.

Slow down baby girl.
You're still so young.
Young, young.

I hear the song and can fly like an eagle.
Something 'bout it seems regal.
Told my mama we gon' be like the Beatles.
She said Baby I believe you....
I just don't even know how.
I said, By pouring my soul out.
She asked me, How do you go 'bout that?
Mama, I said, I already know how.

