Liquor Store Run Lyrics
by Volume 10.


It'S goin down liqour store 
Must, go down goin down 
 
Bouncin to the liquor store 
Bout to purchase me a forty-O 
Liquorice types, bootleg tape, 
Hat off the rack battery. For my DAT, 
Bill blowin me up Holly, go and say the limo pickin me up 
Now. I got the plans, the freaky fans finishin up 
The, wash the wax the chrome on my * doc-top ride, * 
Oh, you know we just hangin 
Niggas hit me up paintin my fingers from all this star, bang-in 
Men-tal on the ward, give someone a gun 
Pull out A philly and he can pack himself 
 and J-Dub shootin dice with the rest of the brothers 
But, I'm on TV, breakin, y'all, motherfuckers, 
E'rybody gon na get some of that light. 
When they mobbin to the liqour store. 
 
Everybody's got ta, get some light. 
 
Liquor store, run, liqour store, run, liqour store, run 
, 
Yeah 
But, I ain't even there yet 
Cos there's still some more spots. I'M gon na hit 
Like that brick house on the corner. I'Ve been lovin it a long time 
 my son and daughter, but the sushi all mine 
And, I'm almost to her house and thangs 
Seen em chasin em Lil', Jase, servin, em, *, tump, * 
Hey. I know I'm gettin closer 
Peepin, the homies y'all sellin dope, 
And. All of my pimp and hustlers 
 Yeah waddup 
How bout lettin me hit those skins and then I'm gon na cut 
I'm on my way to your mom's store. I got ta show 
And me and Miss Sushi ,'ock you out about the dizzough. 
Sun is beaming ,'96 summer 
Aiyo Freeze, you got the beamer and my Camo 
Aight you motherfuckers everybody gon na get some of that light. 
When they mobbin to the liquor, store, 
 
In the liquor store 
Now. I done purchased me a forty-O 
Liquorice types, bootleg tapes, 
Hat off the rack battery for my DAT 
Vigo fill some more by the bread, rack 
My persona out the door. My in Prada wan na grab her a gat 
But e'rybody gon na get some of that light. 
When they look in the liqour store, 
For, the sure, dough, double-stitched sock, 
For, the real neat team, never forgettin its knots 
Hops we be on some ol' hacknin a whole packet of rubbers 
And. A video never play me unless it's murder 
You got my skrilla but shit. I want all the shit 
I, don't know about my homies. Maybe them fools is been 
1-2 all the way out to 10 
We had their back. That doesn't mean no loss, 
Somebody bout to set it off again. 
 
Everybody's got ta, get some light. 
 
Liquor store, run, liqour store, run, liqour store, run 
 
