Listen to the Flow (Bird) Lyrics
by Zoo Crew.


Ayo, Listen to the Flow.
Simply Listen to the Flow.
Life's coming quick, take it in the proper dose.
Cause before you know, you'll be gone with the wind as it blows.

The aspect of life isn't about hate and fight.
If you listen to the song, you might comprehend right and wrong.
It ain't wrong to pack a bong with a little bit of marijuana.
Sing along I know you wanna.
A lot of people don't have respect.
But if you disrespect me, you best protect ya neck.
Life is a road, watch out for the potholes.
Hell yeah I smoke a lot of weed, but I have goals.
Headstrong I don't need paper to write a song.
All I need is a dope beat like the drugs I'm on.
A microphone and a pair of headphones.
Studio life, this is where I belong.
Long nights every night, you don't know the half of it.
Try to keep up with me, I drink a lot it's a habit.
If I want it, I'm a take it make it disappear like magic.
Fine chick, big tits, no plastic.
Natural like the weed I smoke, if I'm broke it fixes me.
Weigh it out, bag it up, and sell it on the city streets.
Doubt me if you want, fuck you I do what I want.
When I want, you're about that talk I'm about that walk.
Listen to the Flow, you live young and die old.
All my life, I've been like Fuck 5-0.
So serious, why so serious?
Who's that chick in the dress? Cause I'm curious.
Let's relate baby, I'm not trying to fuck.
And forget love, I think I get enough.
Been through so much, overall it's made me tough.
I can only get stronger, there's still more to come.

Ayo, Listen to the Flow.
Simply Listen to the Flow.
Life's coming quick, take it in the proper dose.
Cause before you know, you'll be gone with the wind as it blows.

Living life full of better days.
I don't prefer drugs, but I like to elevate.
I'm in the booth making raps, no cellophane.
I look at life like a bike, keep pedaling.
I got my homie's group tatted just to show respect.
There ain't no second chances, so show no regrets.
When I spit you feel my heart, no open chest.
You got a problem with it? You can get a broken neck.
See I be in the booth even when I'm sick as a dog.
So you can hear the truth, and I'm still spittin' it raw.
I got a couple good friends, but a whole lot of dawgs.
You think me not graduating school was one of my flaws?
Well, that's too bad - see I don't need your permission for recognition.
All it takes is a second or minute, play the song and listen.
To the flow, I recorded on the microphone.
The fake friends begone, cause I stay in my zone.
Fo sho, ayo I stay with that mindstate.
Cause people made me irate, delete 'em like it's MySpace.
Or feed 'em to the primates, educated like science brains.
Having plenty sunny days, still ain't see no signs of rain.
I'll call the president and tell 'em that it's time for change.
Cause media is propagandizing and bringing pain.
It ain't the same, but I'm sittin' here like fuck it, then.
To be a famous rapper's something on my bucketlist.
I'm a keep living on with my life.
I'm in the booth everyday, each and every night.
If you died tomorrow, would you be happy with the life you lived?
Or would you want to hit restart and try it all again?
It ain't no game, so hopefully you lived it right.
Enjoying all the simple things in life, having no fights.
Friends turn to enemies, so go and put the burn on ice.
Tomorrow is another night.

Ayo, Listen to the Flow.
Simply Listen to the Flow.
Life's coming quick, take it in the proper dose.
Cause before you know, you'll be gone with the wind as it blows.

