Live From The Bottom Lyrics
by Xc.


Reporting live from the bottom, let me tell you bout Erica, 
She'd be a doctor or something if she just cared enough. 
She just broke up with Joseph cause. He wanted to marry her 
And. He ain't got his own shit. She say he embarrass her 
But. They got a lil girl. He just wan na take care of her 
She called the state up and said he never be there enough 
Damn. So they went and put him on child support. 
And. He ain't coming around no more 
But. She don't give a fuck. She boutta find her a star 
She fucking them dope boys. She hopping up. Outta cars 
She go to the club soon, as 12'oclock hit 
And she going home with 
Whoever, buy out the bar 
Damn you'd. Think her moms tell her slow down baby just chill. 
But mama said it: ain't love if he ain't paying ya bills, 
Thats ill. I mean thats, the woman that raised her 
The way. She came up. 
Could yo really blame her. 
 
Reporting live from the bottom. 
Reporting live from the bottom. 
Reporting live from the bottom Ain't. No signs from the fathers 
Either they walked out or them guys came and got em 
If. You listen close. You can hear the crys from their daughters, 
And the sons they just happy that their moms didn't follow. 
 
Repoting live from the bottom, my nigga Kevin. He all in 
It, really ain't nothing. You can tell him he balling 
I mean his whip, mean 
And. He keep his kicks clean 
Shit. He been paying bills since he was 16 
Now. He 20, his moms tell him he bugging 
And. He don't understand it. Man 
Use to live hand to mouth now they living hand to hand 
Police ran up in that spot swear. They didn't stand a chance. 
He pulled that 357 made em. Do the hammer dance 
And? Now he too legit to quit. He pulled up his pants and ran. 
An officer died in that ambulance. 
In, deep shit, 
He ain't hit the precinct 
But. He ain't had a good night sleep since 
He tensed his uncle tell him its nothing lil nigga you bitching 
And. You know what happen to you. They hear that you snitching 
Just, listen thats his uncle yo And thats, the one that raised him 
So how he came up. Could you really blame him? 

Reporting live from the bottom 
You ever looked in the eyes of a guy from the bottom 
He just wan na cry. He look the sky 
And, he start questioning God, I'm thinking. How could I stop him? 
When everything he worked for never seem to work. Shit 
School for 6 years and never learned shit 
Use to think its priceless and now he think its worthless 
Because. He did it to death, but he ain't never earn shit. 
I tryna, tell him it'll pay off 
He like X. Don'T bring that shit. This way, dog 
Working this job for 3 years, took no days off 
And right out of the fucking blue. I got layed off 
Damn here he go. He feeling like here we go 
The only woman. He loved died over a year ago, 
See thats his grandmother. She, the one that raise him 
So if he gave up. Could you really blame him 
It? Don'T matter cause he'd blame his self 
Offer him anything. He wouldn't take your help. 
Some niggas! Looking for crutches he tryna, brace, hisself 
Tryna. Imagine the way he felt 
He was working hard just to keep his lights on 
While, Kevin and Erica party all night long 
Listen, I'm tryna get you to focus in 
They all at the bottom. He the only one that notices 
 
