Live from The Zϴϴ Lyrics
by ZOOpfish.


pfish.
Reporting live from Z O O.
You don't wanna see how these things go.
You don't wanna see how these things go.
Best out? At least she thinks so.
Reporting live from the Zϴϴ and I got E. love coming through He brought the.
dang crew.

E. Love.
Zeta Theta Theta and the STONT boys.
Made to get to whipping if you want boy.

Lately I been on some savage shit.
Thinking bout my past and shit.
Hard times I couldn't go and get had to ask for shit.
Momma working over time just so we can have the shit.
Smiling when she hurting hiding pain so we can laugh and shit.
Imagine this.
Dead end street we called it L-block.
Right down that dead end street it was hell hot.
Candles on corner of the street showed where them shells popped.
Like your mailman clumsy that's where that male dropped.
Years later we made friends on that L-block.
And most of them doing bids in the cell locked.
Real shit Free Mellz, Free Quell.
Young niggas with a dream repping THL.
Coming live from the Zϴϴ now.
Spitting hot shit damn I think I need to cool down.
Before I burn the booth down.
Spitting bars thats gonna stick with you like they glued down.
Bars off the roof, shit I think I got the juice now.
Hungry for the fame battle rappers getting chewed out.
And I stay with the honeys like I'm Pooh now.
And STONT be the motherfucking crew ya'll.
Use to never look our way now we them dudes now.
It's the dude, murder moves like I'm Rambo.
And I'm with the Zϴϴ yea these dudes are fucking animals.
With Grammy goals.
TYB niggas they can't stand the bros.
Like bad streets damn we always seem to land in hoes.

pfish.
Reporting live from Z O O.
You don't wanna see how these things go.
You don't wanna see how these things go.
Best out? At least she thinks so.
Reporting live from the Zϴϴ and I got E. love coming through He brought the.
dang crew.

E. Love.
Zeta Theta Theta and the STONT boys.
Made to get to whipping if you want boy.

And we Deeper than pacific if you want noise.
In the studio with Gipson sippin on pois'.
And you know we keep it moving like a convoy.
And you know we keep it up like hair on tomboys.
Down boy.
Fuck it I might go wild.
I might just hit up Quinton and tell em roll up some loud.
He gon drive out an hour, and just to sit in a crowd.
Get a text from his mother that say we making her proud.
But it's back to all these bitches, they been talking around.
Saying where that fishy kid that they talking about.
Well, I been focussed on the mission.
Whiles the goings for getting, I might go and make hit then Imma hit a clique.
a chicks and just flickity flick the wrist.

They don't get me they get the dick.

And they love it dog, yeah yeah.
And she does it dog, yeah yeah.
And I've, I've been feeling it lately.
On my Casey damn Anthony I been killing baby.
She can sleep with the fishy, I said I'm killing it baby.
Said You want it you got it just gotta reel it in baby.

Best out, want gold like I'm west bound.
Touch down, in like every place we touch down.
Plus now, don't think anyone could test now.
Got me, Got me got me puffin out my chest now.
Missed out, so she send me lots of texts now.
Yes down, but it's only for the sex now.
Dress down, we Gon make that bed a mess now.
Then it's, then it's on to the next town.

