Livin-N-Hell Lyrics
by The Union.


Sticky Fingaz 
I'm from New York, nigga, the murder capital 
Come in my hood, wearin the wrong shit. They might cap, you 
I'm a sinner. I hope God forgive me 
At the rate I'm goin. Now my moms'll probably out-live me 
All. My niggas is hardcore criminals 
All. I got left is my word and my genitals 
I'm on some thug shit till I get cremated 
Me and Larry Davis, probably related 
I hate the judge and can't stand the cops 
 Wan na dump on them. Pigs till my hands get hot 
You wan na KILL ME. I ain't scared to get smoked, 
I'll probably die laughin cuz y'all niggas is jokes. What 
I wan na wrap my hands around your throat? What 
I'll make Ted Bundy look like the pope. 
I show no love. Cuz, I ain't got no feelings. 
You know the routine reach for the ceiling 
And, if not for you do it for your child's sake. Nigga 
I'll get you murdered, then come to your wake. 
I speak in four-letter words. My rhymes is curse. 

Holdin court in the streets. I ain't doin a bid. 
I'D rather die put that on my unborn kid 
There's two ways out the game: death or jail: 
If, there's a God! Then WHY THE FUCK, I'M LIVIN IN HELL, 
, 
There's, two ways out the game: death or jail: 
If, there's a God! Then why He got us livin in hell, 
 
X-1, 
X-1'll blast five through the back of your neck 
Out, your mouth I'll bet, that'll, straighten you out. 
Live shit is the realest shit of all subjects. 
And. I love wreck. Put the pressure on any suspect. 
Life tactics is all I spit in my rap shit. 
Most y'all cats is wack and need practice, 
Get burned to ashes spit on your casket 
It's mad sick, drastic. It don't get no harder than this 
Squeezin hard for the chips. 
More bricks, the larger the wrist, but that's the fun of it. 
Every car hidden got a gun in it. I'M tryin to get mine 
Get out and run wit. It kid extort your block 
Unorthodox. This is all off the top 
X-1'll throw you off the docks 
And. I done laid the best to rest over this music 
Half y'all niggas is S-O-S WHAT 
Stuck On Stupid, 
 
Blaze 
Slugs. I send express, take it to your face and chest 
Digest gun smoke, don't provoke finger in trigger 
Been love, sick gat, throw like ugly 
Mister thug. Clip biggest the slugs hit, 
One of you bugs better, maintain 
I claim you got game drown you in a lake of octane 
Never miss when I cock the four-fifth 
Stain. Your garments hit any target 
From New York to Cali. I leave you fucked up in a back alley. 
Swell you up and bury your heart. 
Shells won't stop fallin once they start blocks. Spark 
It's trouble rippin your parts for your flesh, bubble, 
Hell cuddles, my life line in this trife time. 
Bust shots live nines, 
Drive mines, crazy, like V-J Day 
Live life, the PJ way it's D-Day 
When, A 
