Location Lyrics
by Zip K..


I used to pour the E and J in my vanilla soda melt.
That's back when PLP would crank the Roosevelt.
You can learn to know the culture better than you know yourself.
We show no signals you wouldn't even know to help.
Iyesha asked me so I told her how I felt.
Ain't no sleepovers less she go below the belt.
Times getting hard I ain't got time.
If it ain't you I'll end up doing something else.
I prefer the term nigga I'll define it for you.
Shucking and jiving and European designer for you.
My mama told me early on, boy they cannot afford you.
And it don't mean you doing right just because they all adore you.
Right?
So how's a nigga supposed to feel.
When another rapper posed to be your nigga do you ill.
And don't give you proper credits as he goes approach a deal.
Just to yell at muthafuckas bout how we should keep it real huh.
Fuck you thought it was, fuck you thought it was.
Paps wit the shits been with the shits aye.
Took a season off minks in the summer ooh.
Shorts in the winter damn that's a bummer aye.
Ratchet by my stomach sippin on coronas.
Nigga ain't shit change but the location.
Nigga ain't shit change but the location.
From where scheming ass niggas get an ovation.
No hands but the claps on rotation.
A bunch of good pharmacist with no patience.
Nigga ain't shit change but the location.

Z to the I-P.
4-0-4 the first numbers in the Y-P.
Run with yute dem, gas and Selasi.
Getting brain in the car seat up at cross keys.
Stealing change when my boss leaves, like its golf season.
Imma need a caddy and some car keys.
Like I'm ballin' at the Barclays in my Barkley's.
I pivot in the post and get um off me.
You a softy I'm in the cooper colored coffee.
Insult me I pull up quick as Valentino Rossi.
In this short life livin life taught me.
The rap game cheap and the dope game costly.
Yeah and where ya at nigga?
Cause ain't shit changed but the location.

Why you got me riding with a tommy in my Tommys.
Why you got me riding with a tommy in my Tommys x2.

Twelve got me riding with a tommy in my Tommys.
And you baby nigga like Tommy.
And you know I got time nigga I ain't gotta job like Tommy.
No job like Tommy whoa.

They got me out my element.
I was raised right now I think I'm settling.
So every A3C and every South By I know I'm wit a buncha rappers that I'm.
better than.
I know my story much realer than the fairy tales.
Bitch you couldn't by this with a million dollar bill.
You sleepin on me like bill gave you pills.
But ain't my last heat still give you chills.
All these niggas act like they don't need a deal.
Niggas tryna reinvent the wheel.
I'm just tryna reinvent the sauce.
Chop sui wax on wax off.
My OG rock a old black cloth Imma black sheep made it Hugo type BOSS nigga.
And ain't shit change but the location.
Where ya at?

