Lord Knows Lyrics
by Ry.


Live behind these bars, fuck you if you try to free him.
Another fuck you to these rappers wanting to be him.
Cause his greatness destined on the Dawn like PM.
I'm going in like the wee hours of the PM.
When I flow, it's a mirage - they don't really see him.
Like the Good Lord to a Christian.
But they know I'm the Messiah, so they ears steady listen.
And they only talk shit cause my ass they steady kissing.
There go Ry talking bout shit again.
Obliterate laxatives, ya'll still wouldn't be shit my man.
While I'm taking daily trips to the Colonic.

Then had the doc cleanse me just so you can have them back.
If you can't stomach me then lay your ho ass on your back.
And they don't like it when I tend to rhyme the say word.
But how the fuck you suck at rapping when you a fucking nerd?
You would figure that you know enough.
Flow better than me, well them Mecca shoes just ain't enough.
I tend to stray away from poker, never catch me on my bluff.

You grew up in the hood scared to combat fisticuffs.

Section full of Piranhas, you can't swim you out of luck.
Selling jewelry in the projects, I'm a diamond in the rough.

5 years ago my granny buried.
Took it's toll, left me colder than Ashy Larry.
And to this day that whole memory is scary.
Reason I light things that give me wings like Tinkerbell the Fairy.
Throw up on the track, lactose to BS but not dairy.
As I plan to milk this game overfilled with plenty cowards.
But I'm the dog just chasing tales.
Simultaneously spit fire like Zak &amp; Wheezie from Dragon Tales.
A two-headed monster, a one man legend.
See the game exposed and I'mma fuck it like it's wearing leggings.
And I Run it and ya'll just legless.
Great and inconspicuous, rep like a constituent.
And on the mic I minister like Berlusconi.
Flows flexible, rugged, lyrics is husky.
My pen work out to the point that it's musky.
I rape everything my pen state, Jerry Sandusky.
So you kids better back up.
I'm the reason little pigs building shacks up.
I don't write punchlines but with these bars I get my crack up.
While these funny guys just make me crack up.
And I just killed this like my pants down and my crack up.
And it's gonna take a second for you to catch up.
Even if you lived in Pittsburgh with a hefty love of burgers.
Most these rappers better than me, excuse me that's unheard of.
For you beat me sacrifice myself like Kamikaze murders.

