Love Thy Haters Lyrics
by Pure Freedom.

Love Thy Haters
They, still ya dreams, haters fleed, the scene, uh, not sho. If ya really know what
haten mean um when life is unbalanced and outta control and you can't control
fly clothes diamonds weighing with the heavy
loads and doing anything to keep up with the jonesessss.. No one knows what's
really real and going on in your bank account or even in your home. Stop
assuming. What you see is all foreal trying to floss for success is just a
cheap, thrill, ya, block ya blessing every time, ya play the hating game and it's
a. Shame if ya work hard, you can have the same. Back. Stabbing gossiping is all
really wrong. More haters. All on my list, due to a hit song negative thinking
ya, mind is sinking from all ya. Scheming. Ya need to be be doing some soul
cleaning cause

That ‘s. What they are haters really know who they are, and it's all the same
tryna hate on somebody's thang. That'S what they are. I know ya really know
what I mean so. Won'T you get a life and stop hating on people's dreams

Bomb shoes fresh gear. Just looking really fly more haters smile in your face
and. Never in disguise fake, hugs fake, kisses asking how you been don't
believe, what they say, because they not ya friend
Just, ignore it and keep on being true. It'S not your fault that god has his
chosen few. It'S not a mistaken, for the attention were taken and demonstration
and pushing off all the faken. Recognize who you are. I can see it in your
eyes, the more that you hate the more you help me rise, some take it too far
where it don't make sense. You need to work on yourself and your own
confidence. At the end of the day, im not gon na change or move things in mylife
to. Try and rearrange. Imma still show you love and think about you. When I pray
but im not tolerating now haters today, because

That ‘s, what they are haters really know who they are and it's all the same
tryna hate on somebody's thang. That'S what they are. I know ya really know
what I mean so. Won'T you get a life and stop hating on people's dreams

Im, just tired of the jaw jacking back stabbing haters and you can hate if you
want to im go, do what I got. Ta do and everyday im go pay. My way, haters it
don't depend on what you say: oh haters

That ‘s what they are haters really know who they are and it's all the same
tryna hate on somebody's thang. That'S what they are. I know ya really know
what I mean so. Won'T you get a life and stop hating on people's dreams
 
