Love Starved Lyrics
by Rumor.

Rumor &amp; Hook Edi Young.

Ladies &amp; Gentlemen, I go by the name of Rumor.
&amp; this right here is a true story.
I bring ma boy Edi Young with me.
I dedicate this to all the ladies out there.
Allow me to tell it like it is.

She was beautiful with braids on.
Walking in the sunny summer so she had her shades on.
She wore a forlorn look on her face.
And thought he wouldn't see her watching him through her shades.
So she was staring at'em and then he also stared closely.
But couldn't figure out exactly what she was thinking.
At that moment, his brain shuttered he's dumbfounded.
Only words his lips could read was what a woman.
Then he slows down to make his first move but.
He couldn't say nothing he only stood and watched her pass.
And as soon as she did he turned to catch a glimpse of her back.
She's in a hot top nice jeans certainly in her teens.
He's fantasizing bout getting in between.
Wondering if what he's seen is real or just a dream.
And that's when the plight of a lil girl begins.

So it seems, and it feels like falling in love.
Just like a dream, you just can't get enough.
Just can't get enough.

So, pretending he wanna be friends.
He walks up to her and says hi madam.
I don't usually do this but it would be stupid.
If I don't talk to ya since I've been shot by cupid.
And every line ended with an init.
He learnt it from the UK movies that he had mimicked.
She was grinning, it seemed like he was winning.
They were the same lines he'd said to all his women.
He said let's get together sometime and kick it.
They exchanged digits she came to visit.
She looked exquisite.
He said for anyone to be that fly they might need a plane ticket.
Now, as corny as it sounded she didn't mind.
Glad she was the one that he had hounded.
Left home at night and knew she was gonna be grounded.
She'd been looking for love and thought that she'd found it.
But her heart had been embezzled by the devil.
She thought he was the right man from the get-go.
And she'd fight anyone who tried to meddle.
If only she knew the real intentions of this fellow.

You know?
Sometimes, its all a front.
Fallen act.
Its all a façade.
You have to be careful.
You have to love with discernment.
I know its hard, Its hard to tell who's real and who's not.
But you have to love with discernment.
Ugh! Ah....

