Lyrical Driveby Pt. 2 Lyrics
by Zuby.


People wanna front I got them verbal spitting thang thangs.
Laying busters down man shoot 'em up and bang bang.
Don't think the kid is hot the kid is hot you gotta get it through your brain.
man.
Cock 'em back and aim man shoot 'em up and bang bang.
When they hear this track I got em saying ‘that's the same man…
Bad Man, boy is sick, lyrics he just maintains.
Shooting with the kid now you should know you just can't hang man.
Rip it up like ‘dang man' shoot em up and bang bang.

You see wack emcees running means the kid is up to something.
Where's he coming from and gunning from? You cats had better hide.
If you're spitting wack rhymes, and you wanna test the Bad Man.
I'll pop you and I'll drop you leave you looking like a sad man.
Got some new flows and so I got some new weapons.
Got a rapid fire flow and if I hit it leaves you breathless and on stage spray.
like a twelve gauge in every direction.
And everybody gets it I'm too reckless for discretion like my spit's a Smith.
and Wesson my technique is a tech.
Bullets bustin out la boca then they hit you in your head.
Then they hit you in your side and your back and your chest.
If it's me you wanna test you need a lyric proof vest.
Cause the bullets that I fire they don't settle in the flesh.
And the kid will never tire till I'm mentioned with the best.
Any block any reason any spot any season dog I pack my heat but mentally I'm.
strapped to leave you leaking.
Keeping you enthralled till I'm sneaking in the mall after that platinum.
plaques and I'm peeping from the wall.
Speak until I stall cuz I'm reaping til I fall cause hip hop is missing.
something like a sack with no balls.
Heh heh the game needs me.

Now once upon a time this sucka tried to test me I got no issues when I'm.
beefing with a wack emcee.
He was talking real slick about the ice on his wrist.
And to make the matters worse this jewellery didn't exist.
I got a call in the morning someone sending a warning.
'Yo I found some fool boasting 'bout his non-existent earrings'.
So I got up out my seat on patrol on the beat.
'Yo he's on the high street he said he's tucking the heat'.
Ain't no problem cuz my flow's about to tre-8 revolve him problem solve him.
you ain't balling and delivery stalling.
Thanks for calling I've been waiting for this opportunity to show what happens.
to a rapper when they stepping up to me.
I spied him on the pavement man its already over heard you talking bout a.
Maybach when you pushing a Nova.
Suck thought he'd get away but I load up in one breath.

You underrated the kid I'm devastating you dig?
Mess around and you'll get rearranged like chairs in the crib, what?

Yo, yo I can spit words quicker than the average man.
And I can flip verbs rip em like a savage understand?
I'm sicker than you know and twice as clever as you think.
So you people hold your breath and get concealed and don't blink.
Cause I'm leavin people screamin leanin morally speaking.
I'm a demon keep 'em fiendin when I'm orally weaving.
And you know I'm nice already but I hold the metal steady not the type to end.
your life to type to make the song heavy.
I'm hot like the equator I can hit 'em now or later love the mic and I'ma date.
her take her out and I'ma rape her.
From behind and I'ma break her I'ma rhyme and I'ma tape her.
I'ma rap non-stop, till I fill your disc changer.
Tell you what's even stranger got the raise to raging danger but I'm far from.
the creator just a killer teenager.
Everybody has a time and the future is mine.
So I'ma keep spitting till my prime I'ma shine.
You ain't bustin these lines you ain't crossin these lines I spit shine bottom.
line man my flow is divine.

