Lyrical Cannibal Lyrics
by Rx.


Can't compete with the beat that I spill on the sheet.
Making ends meet, never feeling envy.
Got this microphone that you're scared to hold.
Scared to face the lyrical cannibal.

Oh, you don't know? My flow is uncontrollable.
Step up to the podium, affect you all like opium.
Your favorite rapper? Holding him.
It was nice knowing him, now it's time to spit a rhyme.
And grab on to his throat again, Composition 7-3.
Pharmaceutical melody, feels like elementary.
With all these low-grade emcees.
It does not offend me if you call me empty.
An asshole, a hassle, is what you'll simply be.
When I bring up a degree, and it ends when Pharmacy.
Is out on the streets, people bangin' to the beats.
That SnxwLeopard creates, knocking down the pearly gates.
All you do is complicate everything I tend to make.
Your dignity is what I'll take for my very own sake.
The titles that I got doesn't mean I do drugs.
And don't think I claim us to be a couple thugs.
Never once have I ran with a turf.
Cause this music shit will work, but first.
Better listen, better learn, I work with what I got.
Then with everything I earn, I crave the hot spot.
But don't wanna get burned, so I put the lighter up.
Like I have my fist up, I don't need no luck.
In this fucking rap game, my reign is going to rain.
All over your pain, blowing up like propane.
When its next to a fuse, Make something so hard.
A drunk Dad won't abuse.

Lyrically, I'm feasting on any demo CD.
That isn't mine, I'll waste my time.
If I listen to it, Tell me I can't do it.
I'll struggle just to prove it, tell me find my mind.
So I purposely just lose it, tell me don't write rhymes.
So I write a book of life, tell me I don't need to shine.
And that I'll be fine, I just need a 9 to 5.
A homie that'll ride or die, but I need more than that.
Focused like a quarterback, Arrested like I'm cardiac.
You don't wanna see, when I go ballistic.
My mystic logistic will become realistic.
You don't wanna be here when Rx becomes cannibalistic, uh.

