Lyrical Knock-Out!! Lyrics
by Swych.


Bet they won't last one round.
Three minutes on the clock, uh.

How you want it? Show me my opponent.
Show me my opponent, I'm a show them where the flo' is.
Say they going all out, I'm a show them where the do' is.
If you wavy as a ocean I'm coming through like I'm Moses, man.
The flow is Doc Louis, I'm a show them how to do this.
I will kill a track, bring it back, now I got it suicidal.
Speak my mind because it hold too much dopeness for a human body.
These haters couldn't see me if they joined illuminati.
Dude cannot step to the king.
You need a x-ray to see the R&amp;B chick that's in my stretch limosine.

Your punches make me block my ears like Tyson stepped in the ring.
I kill it quick, I don't even give it a second to scream.
Type to take your girl's breathe out her chest boy.
And make her take her clothes off quick, like the ending of Metroid.
Uncut truth like the nudes in the DM.
Sonning y'all rappers, no BM.
P.S. I'm dope! Serving rappers like I'm in the hood with it.
Any rapper could get it, welcome to the soup kitchen.
I sent your boo on a new mission.
Told her to call the local news because the roof on the coupe's missing.

You ain't gon' want seconds once you smell what I'm cheffing.
Raekwon, Bronson, Dwayne Rock Johnson.
Tell me where'd your sis go? I'm trying to see that thong thong.
Injury to insult: she ain't got her thong on.
She left it on my bedroom floor again.
Slid her to the cribbo then I did her to some Tory Lanez.
Had her in the chamber laying up, on some Wilt sh-.
Redhead, plaid skirt, stole her heart and killed it, ahh.

Yo, I be that young dude that run through them bum crews.
And know dudes is dying so why watch the dumb news?
Swych is a soldier, hup 1 hup 2.
Blonde girls scream and rip they shirts off, Goku.
You the type of loser Obama was talking to.
And I'm the next Lil Wayne, you need to stay in school.
Ha, the world needs more doctors.
So I'm a finish you off and open up the job market like uh.
I'm rocky, I'm Rocky, your girl love to hang off my ropes like we boxing.

I'm lying, no diamonds or jewelry, you see me, I just be shining.
I'm doing me, I don't even buy myself a drink first.
We just trying to get the dough though, like extinct birds.
Bills like a toucan, you fly.
as a kiwi.
You thought you could see me but your eyes ain't Tweety's.
Do I run my city? Is Cam'ron's mink pink?
Oh he think he running things? Poor little Tink-Tink.
Aha, and I ain't record this in no booth you know.
I'm in your living room with your moms planning your funeral.
Heard they act funny when you stack money.
I'm just trying to spend a mill and laugh, my life's a ad in the Super Bowl.

Game on lock and I never forget the password.
Rappers say they killing me? Death via laughter.
You can't see me on a track hater try guns.
But I'm immortal because I keep on 1-upping you chumps.
I got these rappers in they feels like a scarecrow.
I brought these rappers HP down to zero.
But if you really think you better than me.
Hit my jack, I'll have my secretary send you the beat, boy.

