Macaframa Lyrics
by X-Raided.

Next song is Macaframa.
Yeah... for yall uneducated ass bitches.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, foever hatin on a nigga thats havin thangs.
Nigga, these type of situations on lockdown, were da real love at?
Yeah, yeah.....

Ain't no love for them hoes an I'm knowin.
Bitches only jocking X-Raided cause I be flowin.
Thats why Im showin 'em love and affection.
In they silky sections my erections.
Spitten milky secretions in they directions.
When you in they presence, they say you king.
But when you ain't around they clown like you a peasant.
Fuck givin the bitches presents.
Diamond rings and things of that nature get you pussy fo sho.
That ho'll date ya and inflate your ego.
But they got you hero zero fo show for all your actions.
You went to jail wit no bail an now ain't nothin cracking.
Bet back when you was free you thought you had a solid female.
But now you can't even get a visit an' gotta beg for mail.
Movin lika a snail when you tryin to get her to handle somethin.
And late at night she got cum drippin out her bellybutton.
That good for nothin bitch is useless for a convict.
I'm nuttin up on hoez, nigga fuck that cum shit.
Her cousins on my nuts like a little squirrel.
An I wouldve been to mack her if she wasn't a little girl.
But about two months from now that little girl gon turn 18.
The number one draft pick on my home team.

Im that gansta you answer to.
When I say bitch jump then thats whatcha do.
Im a fast talkin convict, blowin yo mind.
Im workin macaframalama even if im in da slamma.

It dont take much to keep yo man happy doing eight months.
But it ain't no contact visits so you can't touch.
An county time ain't no joke.
In Sacramento this shit will have you mental.
Cause you can't smoke.
You be stressed out.
Hopin that you get yo case.
Three strikes tryin to wipe out my whole race.
Now here comes yo wife since you done got your time.
Saying that she can't hang; bitch is you out yo mind?
She got everything you own.
Vehicle, clothes, even yo home.
Not a penny on yo' books cause tha.
bitch is gone.
They send you to the branch then from there.
Out to tracy.

This bitch Stacy.
Shes white, overweight with bi-focals.
But she's sending letters wit money orders through the postal.
You dedicated to love an married her quick to hit that ass.
On the first conjugal visit she had you cummin hella fast.
You lost your pretty bitch but you gained a ugly soldier.
Move over bacon, its time fo sizzleen to take over.
Cause doing time, it's all about support.
An the bitch is to come an let you make her pussy for it, tell em short.

Now this is fo the homies that got them Nike wearing hoes.
Ponytails in they hair sportin other bitches clothes.
Ruggish, thuggish, raggedy like a Muppet the type that.
Wakes up in the mornin' put on some sweats an be like fuck it.
Nigga don't lie, you know I just detailed yo baby's mama.
The type of bitch that's even quicker than me to start some drama.
Like a comma, puttin pauses in yo sentences.
Y'all can't even get along irreconcilable differences.
That bitch is famous from so many nameless dicks.
That penetrated and she's gameless.
That's how you know shes never been with Raided.
She's aimless, where is you headed? Bitch is you knowin?
Gettin on my nerves like my bunkie when hes snorin.
He needed to leave or get rid of her immediately at this moment.
An shake her like Jordan does a basketball opponent.
If you ever fall or take a loss.
Nigga that bitch is gone that lil leech will find another nigga to lean on.
She's a forty ounce swigga, weed smoker.
Needin to get that shit up.
Her beer belly overlapping, needin to do some sit-ups.
Shes lazy as can be and'll never make no progress.
So shake that ho that's all I can suggest, nigga.
X-raided locc.

Dott Dogg:.
Yeah, how do you bitches out there like that? Funky ass hoez!
Good for nothin, runnin out on a motherfucker when times get hard.
Punk ass bitch!
Yeah, Dott Dogg said that, sorry ass beatch! X-Raided: Beatch!
To all you hoes that fit that description.
You know why? Cause I'm workin macaframalama.
Even if I'm in the slamma. Beatch!

I'm that gansta you answer to.
When I say bitch jump then thats whatcha do.
Im a fast talkin convict, blowin yo mind.
Im workin macaframalama even if I'm in da slamma.

