Mad Doggin Lyrics
by 40 Thevz.

Artist: 40 Thevz.
Album: Honor Amongst Thevz.
Song: Mad Doggin.

Huh! Wooh! Uh!
I got my real niggas in the house.
Some real motherfuckin men.
Know what I'm sayin'?
Ain't no hangups, ain't no insecurities here, nigga.
What you think?
You thought I was playing games or something?

I see niggas lookin' at me like I done beat up there momma.
But we ain't got no beef it's just a struggle for powa'.
See, when niggas get together they be trippin'.
Eyeballin' me just to catch my attention.
Shit is gettin' serious, if you didn't notice.
Niggas is bustin' instead of comin' from the shoulders.
I can speak for Cali, but I can't speak for you.
You either step with your weapon or you step with your crew.
M-Mad Doggin, red eyein, it's all the same.
Chumps might as well ask what set I claim..
Lookin' at me as If I was a enemy, but if I'm the enemy.
You better take a look in the mirror, G.
Could it be I look like someone you know.
Someone you knew.
Or someone you done somethin' too?
You better tuck in your leather for your trip.
Cause you never know when the night is who you might be fuckin wit'.

Mad doggin'. Mad doggin'. Ain't no need to be mad doggin.
Why you wanna be mad doggin me?
Why you wanna be mad doggin me?
Why you wanna be mad doggin me, tryin' to start some beef.
I got the hog in me.

Why you wanna be mad doggin me?
I don't fuck with nobody, unless they fuckin' with me.
I can be the rough type if you wanted it.
But most quit when they find out who they dealin' wit.
I hate the type of niggas that come to dabble.
Up and down shit, down to face shit.
Heinsight tryin' to prove that they got us to pick.
The wrong time, wrong place, now it's time to get it started.
Bump that talk, if you can walk that walk.
With a mouthful of salt given facial assaults.
Gary, Tom, Dick, and Mary.
Nigga, you don't scare me.
I got a homie by my side.
His name is Dirty Harry.
I don't really wanna have to blast nobody.
So don't be starin' at me like you plannin' on robbin.
Now you ain't no tough guy, no rough lie, nigga.
Keep starin' at me you be a busted eye nigga.

Now the 40 Thevz don't be slippin' or trippin'.
Or startin' no shit when it's time to handle business.
What happened to the love?
I think it faded out late back in the sixties.
Now, I got every single nigga out to get me.
Lookin' at me crooked eye, when the dealer could be starin' at suicide.
I really can't call it.
But niggas get this when you ballin'.
And ain't involved in it.
So, now you wanna give me evil stares.
Not that I really care.
But why you wanna be mad doggin me?

Lookin' at me like I stole somethin' from you.
I probably did.
But you don't know that.

