Make Her Say Lyrics
by The 3rd Kind.


And I'm so paid, pockets sag like ya Nana.
That's why I say CHeeZe, when I smile for the camera.
Front page? Who Am I?
Call a nigga Dracula, hau-all I do is count.
And I don't lose counts, see the mountains I amount.
DEUCE DEUCE, I am out!, to the dealer, buy him out.
Take the Porsche out the garage, put the Beam on time-out.
If y'all really got bread, why the birds flying South?
Holding holes in your pocket, bitch, shut your lying mouth!
Next, Dairy Queen play the.
pussy, tambourine.
Everything I fuck look like Angeline Jolie.
Holy shit!
Can't slow these grips, so don't hate.
Yeah a nigga always baked, but I still got cake.
Cause I'm robbing, niggas calling me Baskin.
When my tape dropping, niggas calling me asking.
In the meantime, my neck chillin' up in Aspen.
Cash bundled up like a fucking Alaskan, what happened?

Break: Capital STEEZ.
I can't help it!
Oh, uh, oh, oh, ohh.
Ahaa, Yo!
Good morning Pearl.

There's many fish in the sea, but see Steez going crabbing in.
Next chick hit me up, no doubt I'm smashing it.
She like my sensual seduction, no braggin'.
But I leave her on Cloud Nine, and nickname her Anakin.
Don't got to spit, cause she already know the deal.
Come over and I teach her something new show or towel.
No implication but when you feel the sensation.
Between your legs, you could just set up a time and place now.
She on top, no it ain't MySpace.
Her fam's a cock block, so she always at my place.
She a fanatic of my crazy prophylactics.
But she keep it on the low, just incase she get eye raped.
Good lovin' what you want, I deliver it.
First round and I'mma leave you speaking gibberish.
No joking this lady she got me open.
And her legs haven't been, since the last time she did a split.

Break: JaKK the Rhymer.
Wassup!
Uh-huh, Yellow Tape.
The Rhymer.
Listen.
I'm a do it like this, yo.

JaKK the Rhymer.
Plenty guppies in the sea, yeah, that's why I'm fishing with a net.
JaKK book full of pigeons, bird-call piping it.
He know the game, live life never wife a chick.
You know the price that is, in the times we're in?

And it's your move, get physical, no need to stimulate discussions.
I'm a modern day King Midas gold caps.
When we touchin', lustin', bustin', us in spread sheets.
Then she said this was a song and threw it back on me.
I should've paid more attention to her in class probably.
Cause sweetheart, shit, you's the hottest.
Now let all of your garments melt off your body.
And I know that's no way to treat a lady.
But you gotta understand you's a groupie baby, damn.
And you rockin' with The Rhymer, so I'mma.
Sit and recline on this couch and you can find your way down South.

