Man Behind the Music Lyrics
by Queen Pen.

Artist: Queen Pen f/ Teddy Riley.
Album: My Melody.
Song: Man Behind the Music *.

* song is censored on the album itself; do not submit any more corrections.

This is how it should be done.
Cause this style, is identical to none.
How can I make you dance some more.
That's what I came here for.

funkyyyyyy momma!

Lyrical flows like WHAT.
The man behind the music'll make you JUMP.
New Jack your Swing and make you SHAKE YOUR RUMP.
No Diggi-ty tellin me this is WHAT YOU WANT, bass lines and snares.
That'll make you hump, WHY.
Intimated by his fourteen year run, WELL.
In ninety-seven he's a different kind of funk, FUNK FUNK FUNK.
We pulls together like a perfect hand to tongue, HAH.
You pressed your luck and now you faster shit be sunk, ZOOM.
Be combin through the future with your face punked, AND YOU.
Forgot about the past, now what you want, platinum tracks.
To put you on the map, NAH.
Cause we gotta keep it in fam', YEAH.
You had your chance to be down wit da man, UH-HUH.
So busy playa-hatin perpetratin, frauds.
Articulatin, on his downfall, TRUE, you can't take it.

What the deal Ma?
Funky Momma blaze the track so you can feel her.
I'm Miggidy I'm all about the dollar bills y'all, rock the Diamond Lex.
All that shit behind my desk is signed in checks.

Teddy Riley.
Do you like hits baby, got em goin crazy on BlackStreet.
You know it's plaque time when me and the track meet.
Save all your wack beats, Q.P. and T.R.
So precise with mics we should be surgeons in E.R.
The block knows  baby girl be my diamond cause.
She rocks shows  see my ones ain't no way that.
You can stop those, Little Man got your breath together.
With Queen Pen now it's hot to death, so take a look back.
What I did, what I'm doin, where I take this.
It's kind of simple cause a n*gga just make hits.
Peep the facts, keep a stack, on the Streets of Black.
Ladies scream he's the mack, cause.
I kick, sh*t to make a fly chick you with.
My chick, and plus funds just ridiculous.
Cause I'm rich, we are T.R. you see Q.P.
That's we BlackStreet, gone!

funkyyyyyy mommaaaaaah!

Queen Pen.
Now Teddy, JAM, for me ONE TIME.
Cross that thin line make my hips BUMP N GRIND.
What just happened, all this shadyness cause of platinum hits.
Little Man be the sh*t, Funky Momma represent.
It ain't never been no different plus WE GOT WITNESSES.
To account for alla dis sh*t, test we.
And get your, block knocked off, UHH.
You can keep yappin UNTIL YOU GET HOARSE.
It don't matter, we don't, follow chit chatter.
WE MAKE HITS, and calls, when situations get thick.
ASK SAINT NICK, about the repoitoire.
For those in the past, they know who they are.
If the shoe fits trust, WE GON WEAR IT.
And we beez the baddest click up on this planet.
We paid the cost to be boss G*d damn it.
Cause scared don't win money, NOW DROP IT.

