Manhood Lyrics
by Russ Moshavi Chara.

I'm really sorry phia D for what i said about you. It got kinda deadly, the.
fire blazed and i felt the heat. I think about it when i walk the street.
I'm running for president.
Wanna be Whitehouse resident.
I wanna run the country, lead it in a new direction.
It would be perfection.
I want you to join my army of rap n roll.

Thrap is loved by all, thrap is my goal.
Lemme tell you a story about my old neighborhood and about my old life.
I lived in a trash neighborhood near Quinn Road and Roseville.
Down in Mt. Clemens the people are fighting still.

Romance runs the earth and the earth is the romance.
Flowers are the idea, and they lead all of this dance.
I loved and lived and love and live again like all of you real men.
Got the nice life looking up at me.
Haven't had that since God knows when.

Going down on my knees as young men go down on our streets.
America stands united, but still it feels the heat.
We've had a lost war for oil, an ISIS threat that we made.
A requiem of new proportions and now dug up is the grave.
I lied to this one, cheated this one, controlled this one kid too.
You lied to me and cheated me and I fell right down for you.

I loved evenings in the park.
Laser tag long after dark.
The football game after school.
They used to call me the shark.

I keep on asking this question, can i be saved be confession?
You see the blood on these hands at least i still reach into heaven.

The couples walk in the light, my past it walked in the night.
At least there's some hope for our world, otherwise it'd all be blight.

This song's to Jax Eggert and Suzanne.
Franky and Sarah Pillivant.
To all the people who's good soul still stands.

Manhood is a strange point.
It's when the world comes and anoints.
You and you don't know what to do, no childhood no more.
Manhood and my past life.
Of warm summer nights.
Of childhood friends and bike riding.
In big city life.
Manhood is so strange.
Sometimes feels deranged.
But i'll make it just gimme time.
But no one is ever the same.

Manhood.

Manhood.

Manhood.

Nothing is ever the same.

RIP childhood.
Manhood.

Manhood.

Nothing's the same again.

Ever again.

Never again.

