Maths teacher Lyrics
by ZO'clock.


I get into it just to do it no excuses, now point your finger in the mirror if.
you blew it ...
Who wan know, na ur fada na im get money pass so person no go hear word....

As i was saying i was caught up in a chariot of fire, ok that's a lie sha.
Buh i disappeared like an eyeshadow under a heavy shower, a shallow excuse for.
wasting hours of your day infront of a mirror.
Feeling inferior cause you had a serious skin disease all over your face and.
you couldn't evn chyk vic-toria, fgc keffi is a story-am so bound to tell,.
hell no...
You camou-flagin' now you so nostal-gic; you was tryna hold-it but you homo-.
phobic, no slimey fellas around me, circle of bosses will stump your wedding.
if you try me, hear me?!

No mercy ah, nail the beat to the cross like a matyr, me and zed na one plus.
one, dem dey count on the boys on d boys like a maths teacher.
Im the presbyter, see ma gospel is the truth am the next peter, oshe gan king.
kong am the chest-beater, say ma gospel is the truth am the next peter.

I hear dem say d boy gospel is the truth, mehn i no come uni just to rock.
these fancy shoes uh.
I wore ma plans same way i wore ma pams everyday on ma mental aspirations of a.
great man, pick a pen and a pad UNN, times *** am prepared to kill a man down,.
easy pissy, ********** m the constable of rap, m just-an overlord on this.
board overbored with these three hour class its still nuthin' over God, nigga;.
an overlord on this board over-bored with these three hour class its still.
nuthin' over God... N am the man nigga, z O'clock is ma man nigga, spane5 is.
ma man nigga, buh sometimes he a silly nigga....

the GOAT i quote, don't even give it a thought, gimme the passport i promise.
ima deport you , you took your Nigerian rap abroad, how you expect to drop a.

check, mastah deg 'em how the campus rap community overdose on sedatives, i.
relate from a distance celebrating ma pen during christmas, brrrr shoutout to.
tesh carter, baddo, as e dey hot!

