ME Lyrics
by Rumor.


I'M in a room full of people, yet I feel lonely 
I'm a kid named Rumor. But yet nobody knows me: 
No buddies, no homey! Everybody is ghostly 
Shuffling. My thoughts, hoping somebody owes me 
No, groceries, I'm a hungry boy, 
Looking for greener pastures, herbivore 
Nevertheless. I didn't mean that for the metaphor, 
These painful rhymes, I'm pouring out my heavy heart 
I've, been there before I still hear'em 
Voices laughing at my passion when they hear'em 
Still, look above at the stars and leer'em 
How. Could I not be closer to my dream when I'm near'em 
Its been a few years down the line 
I could tell you. I been patiently waiting to get signed. 
The sky is your limit. Heaven is mine, 
Here's the blueprint of the new rap design, 
 
My life. My life 
I've been longing for this time. 
My life, My life 
I've, been waiting for this moment. 
To tell you my story: 
My ups and downs, I've been around 
Now, I'm back in full glory, 
Victory Victory, 
 
Kicked off 2G9 with a bad disorder, 
Got weirder towards the end of the last of the quarters. 
When I met a lovely lady, a preacher's daughter, 
It got a little ugly when her parents discovered 
The relationship said it was best. We quit 
That the family's too conservative for rap music 
Maybe. I never told her that she was my muse 
And. I relish every single moment the rendezvous 
I had fallen so much in love, and then you cut me loose 
How. Could I expect to fall and not get bruised 
But, It's all good 
At, the end of it all. I found Jesus who, through you made me a believer 
Its like my life's a song and you a feature 
Well here it is. Can you hear it through your speakers 
Now? All I have is my pen and my pad 
I'm. In my own class and life's my teacher 
 
Story of my life, a bit of it is gross 
Mary Mary said we need a little dirt to grow. 
I know I have a lot to be thankful for 
Coz. I vividly remember sometime before 
Daddy fell from Grace to grass 
And, even though grass is green. I tell you ironically, we never had cash. 
It happened in a flash. His business collapsed. How sad 
Me and daddy skipped breakfast and lunch 
So? We could eat at night coz. There wasn't much to munch 
To feed that hunger. I got ta to be the hunter 
This game's. The only thing left to hunt 
And now we're shooting stars. No homicide 
I've come thus far from the other side. 
The devil may try hard to pulverize 
But, I'm a child of the Lord, its bona fide 
 
I've come thus far from the other side. 
It'S bona fide 
Maybe. I never told her that she was my muse 
And. I relish every single moment the rendezvous, 
These painful rhymes, I'm pouring out my heavy heart
 
