Meditationz Lyrics
by 4 Broz By Broz.

DJ Oatmeal.
I'm ziplocked, with my get.
fresh flow on.
My prose explodes just like an Edgar Allan poem.
I'm a grizzled vet, a twelve-year pro.
But I'm not above a little quid pro quo.
I got the savoir faire in my dance and my walk.
I got the funky ass beats and all you do is gawk.
Lil 2k10's gonna wield some clout.
So, Jim, get on the mic and turn it out!

Lil 2k10.
I'll break your fucking bone, use a piece, stem cell a clone.
And use that motherfucker to smash your fucking dome.
I may be mad, but I ain't bad, I'll CT scan you up with rad.
Engineer you a new skeleton made of ice and chrome.

DJ Oatmeal.
Just dropping in and I see the track's gellin'.
Got a long wooden staff just like Ian McKellen.
Well, I'm the Lady's Choice - like Hugh Jackman.
Just try and beat my bro at Ms. Pacman.
Like Spock to Kirk \- or.
Nash to Dirk.
You want to sound like this? Well, this shit takes work.
The Grundle Bundle is in full effect.
Now my bro takes the mic so give him some respect.

Lil 2k10.
Listen closely now; I'm going to set your mind free.
Turn off your TV, check my man Dostoyevsky.
David Foster Wallce,.
Nabokov, Melville, Locke.
I'm like Raskolnikov but.
with a motherfucking Glock.
And I unload it fast, but not as quick as I shred.
Ripping through Comin at Ya with some Tears to Forget.
Pick up my six string, She plays like bells ring.
When I get into the zone, I can make my baby sing, she's saying:.
Yea, yea, that's my girl Debra!

DJ Oatmeal.
Midas touch, all my track's are gold.
They had to invent a number for how many I've sold.
Well, you think I'm a chump? Take a tape of your farts.
Remix your dump and have it topping the charts.
A powerful display, but now I must parlay.
The mic to my bro, cause he got something to say:.
Oatmeal in the clear, and here, represent!
And my style makes your mother dear pitch a tent.
And I give it to her soft I give it to her hard.
As I commandeer this track like Jean Luc Picard.
And I'm hitting my stride.
with my long lasting flavor.
2k10 comes again, so check your behavior.

Lil 2k10.
What's up brah? Not much, whatcha doing?
Want to party, mang? Well I got a keg brewing.
A bout of Imperial Stout,.
get some Pabst, cause I'm.
out.
Let's play some Sensei,.
cause I'm thinking BLAOW!

