Medusa Lyrics
by Bodi.


I never thought I'd see the day when I'd be waking up.
Next to you and see your open eyes, smilin makin love.
Guess it's true angels float from heaven, there's a god above.
Blessings too many for one man to count, it's you who pulled me through.
The darkest days and carved a way for me to paradise.
And I used to think my life depended on a pair of dice.
Or fate or chance or dance with lady luck and then I felt your touch.
And brushed with greatness that we make with faith and trust inside our clutch.
And every day the sun was shinin, proved to me I'm not an island.
Smilin like a little kid who would've been just fine with dyin.
Cause I would've already lived inside a dream.
Wouldn't need to see what the after life brings.
Every day and every hour, every minute, every second.
Every thought and every heartbeat, every moment made me breathless.
That all left without saying goodbye.
This is what it feels like to wish that you'd die.

I arrived back home a day earlier than I was supposed to.
Surprise and propose to you/With the ring in my pocket.
Your car in the driveway, to the door, unlock it.
Palms sweaty, got your parent's blessing.
Fumblin over words and how I'd pop the question.
True love, with no second-guessing.
In sickness and in health, from the living to the restin.
Came to when I called out your name.
But didn't hear an answer, all I heard was laughter.
In the bedroom, soft music played.
Tip toeing up, the mistake that I made.
Was believing you loved me, and opening the door.
You and your ex, your clothes on the floor.
My heart and my head and my world split in two.
Put the ring in the trash and, you never knew…

Fuck you, and everything you ever said.
You never meant, heartless, I wonder if you've ever bled.
Or if you've got a hole where your spirit's supposed to go.
Don't got a soul.
And mouth full of coal.
And lies white as snow.
Guess hell must've froze.
Over - so you had to escape.
And crawl to this surface, to shatter my faith.
In a disastrous way that there's a different fate.
For love than our lives, but I guess it all ends…
You tried to make amends, but I didn't see the point.
If you're a demon devil dancing, greatest trick, and made your choice.
And your bed, sleep in it, but I hope you never dream.
All I have are nightmares of buying you a wedding ring.
I would gave you everything and made god blue.
Karma's got a bite like déjà vu.
But I never knew it would happen so soon.
To you, I hope this burns like the summer sun in June.
See when the two of you got back together.
I thought about killing myself, but knew better.
Than to end it like that, and I wanted revenge.
And to make you look evil in front of your friends.
But I got a better plan when I was getting coffee and.
I saw your man was with another woman, they were holding hands.
So I grabbed the camera on my phone and started taking pictures.
Til they got up, I followed quiet as a whisper.
To a house, he looked around, and they went inside.
And started fucking in the bedroom and didn't close the blinds.
Have you figured the surprise in the envelope?
Go ahead an open it, this letter that I wrote.
Was to show you what it felt like when you went and broke.
My chest and my hope, and now you'll feel it, too.
And now you know the truth, and I know it hurts.
And I apologize that you got what you deserve.

