Memories Back Then REMIX Lyrics
by Tyler Tracey.


A few months back I went through a breakup.
Started dating this girl who gave it all up.
Blonde haired dancer getting freaky on the first date.
But stole my heart straight out the gate.
This girl had it going for her.
Killer body and men begging for her.
And even when they offered more than me.
She said there was no other man for her.
I had her down on both knees.
I had her begging Baby, please!
I gave her all my body had and in return.
She fulfilled my needs.
It was my fault she fell so hard.
I told her things to fill her heart.
But when it came down to it I wanted that ass.
So I'd do anything to make it last.
I held on by doing all the romantic things.
She wanted something, I bought her everything.
But at the end of the night, one thing on my mind.
And I know it was wrong but I did it every time.
She became suspicious when her mother walked in.
Mad at all the places I'd been.
I can still remember that beautiful smile she had.
When she saw my reassuring grin.
But after a few months she cut me loose.
Used some words I probably shouldn't have used.
But after a while I began to miss her.
Thought I could win her back with the truth.
But it was too late and she was gone.
It's been too long, she's already moved on.
But if I could bring her back to stay the night.
I'd hold her again and just hang on.

Lights go out and I'm in my bed.
I think of all the madness in my head.
All of the things that I did back then.
Lights go out and I'm in my bed.
I think of all the madness in my head.
All of the things that I did back then.

Yeah, we in that slow lane singing Fast Car.
She probably think that I'm a rap star.
Talk tough and I act hard.
I keep a pipe on me after that last scar.
Stressing until she's undressing.
Because she ain't ever learned that lesson.
The hero she calls her next man.
Is the villain that plays her ex man.
I've been at it, bimbos bend backwards.
I kimbo these rappers and limbo these actors.
I'm about the realness, the fake don't feel this.
It's so hard to deal with, they asking where my deal is.
Wasted days drinking, sitting here thinking.
I'm about to blow up while your battleships sinking.
What have you been doing? Who the hell have you been screwing?
I been fucking them all, just blowing money at the mall.
Talking shit like I need a couple breath mints, boy.
Booking shows and I'm running through my set list, boy.
You in line because you ain't up on the guest list, boy.
You still want to know who the best is, boy.
Break rhymes to these baselines.
She ain't number one but I make time.
For naked pictures and FaceTime.
I got love for you so don't waste mine.
Uh, we'd drink for a while in your bed.
Then you think of all the madness up inside of your head.
And yeah, I could of your been your man.
But you wanted all them men.
Now you got to sit and think of what you did back then, ha!

Lets go!
Revelation, you know who it is.
Lets get it.
Yo, back then back then in a better days.
Lose myself to the haze and the memories.
Anything I had or loved would have went away.
Hiding in my sorrow, use my music as a remedy.
I said back then in a better days.
Lose myself to the haze and the memories.
Anything I had or loved would have went away.
Hiding in my sorrow, use my music as a remedy.
Take shit back like a Christmas return.
Guarantee no one smoke the shit that we burn.
Shit done changed but I'm still the same dude.
A lot more hungry but still the same food.
A lot more famished, a lot more damaged.
Without that bitch I got a lot more managed.
Coulda, shoulda, woulda used me to my advantage.
Tried to bad mouth me but that's outlandish.
Ghost, and that's apart of the past.
Real friendships, that's harder than cash.
A friend in need is still a friend indeed.
But a friend with weed has got a larger stash.
Friend turned foe, ex girl turned hoe.
Seemed like everyone in the world could flow, so what?
Standing in the shadow with me resume.
Standing there wondering why everyone is enemies.
Still got family, still got peeps.
Call me cracked pavement, I'm in the streets.
Shit gets real now so do I.
Try and scar the martyr when a solider dies.
Tired of hellos, stuck on old goodbyes.
Steady pursing my dreams without knowing why.
Need a stand up dude, well Imma hold it down.
Wish I knew then what I know now.

