Micki Ninaj
by 415 fossas.


Micki the slut, she take it in the butt, the rise and fall, the story of it.
all!

Micki ain't like that slut as mouse......

When you ask her what she wearing, she ain't gonna respond a blouse.

She prefers to wear some kinky ass shit....

Like pure spit that runs from tit to clit.

When fame and fortune came into frame.

She began to believe that she had some game.

She went up to this guy and he came in her eye.

She couldn't deny, she almost died.

The semen swam right through her eye and began to fry.

Luckily her crew was with her.

The rest of the night for micki was one big blur.

The next day she awoke and thought the whole night was one big joke.

Then she looked down real quick.

To her surprise, they had attached a throbbing dick.

Most would take this news in dismay.

But micki took this news to begin fucking gays.

Micki Ninaj, queen of the Ménage à trois.

The dudes are like I need to use a condem but Micki's like blah blah blah.

Rawdogin randoms bitch! Thats Micki Ninaj's style.

His biggest turn on for a man is if hes a pedophile.

They say Micki's BJs feel llike sticking ur dick in the toilet and flushing.

She'll get you to a quick finish and your man cum will be gushing.

But you can only play that game so long before you lose.

She should have known to use protection when mating with Jews.

Givin ZJs all the time in the back rooms of arcades.

It was only a matter of time before Micki got AIDS.

A fat dicked Puerto Rican with an ass that got Micki wet.

But taking that cock is something Micki will regret.

The next morning she shit out the gerbil and thought it was done.

She didn't know about the price that comes along with the fun.

Micki started to notice something that didn't belong in his shit.

There was blood accompanying the usual poop, cum and spit!

To the abortion clinic, Micki Ninaj knew she had to go.

The Doctor said, “We don't do std tests here you fucking cunt ho!”.

Down the street to the public clinic was Micki's new quest.

He walked in the door, dropped his pants, and said “give me that test!”.

She received the best test the Doc could give.

The Doc said, “I'm positive that you're HIV positive.”.

Would Micki's slut ass survive this man she wasn't sure.

He just knew he had to suck some dicks to find a cure.

Micki fucked her way to the top spreading aids everywhere she went.

A surgeon said he might be able to help after his ass hole was content.

The surgeons looking at her genitals were in mass confusion.

These twisted horny surgeons curing AIDS with a blood transfusion.

The procedure was a miracle success. Micki was cured!

But then her life turned around because if this rap group she heard.

They told her “bitch we rap but we could use you someone who sings.”.

Micki rises again, searching bing finding freedom under the Cat Kings.

Micki Ninaj.

