Midnight in Chinatown Lyrics
by Tyler Gary.


Woah.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6.

11:30 marks the time I'm going out.
Hit the homies up told em meet me out in Chinatown.
It's going down.
My cousins bringing half a pound.
We bout to turn it all to ash.
Before the sun is even out.
A swig of liquor and a 40 oz.
Defeats the doubt of running into trouble.
If I do I'm whipping switchblades out.
Slice... dice....

Wasteface with the mace, TJ with the pipe.
Andretti with the Canon so we lurk all night.
No fears all flight.
Closed shops no lights.
Went straight down Stockton at Clay hit a right.
Now we at Willy Woo.
After that it's King of Thai.
You should peep the bathrooms.
Walls covered in signs.
Seen a prosti on the corner.
Bruises up and down her thighs.
Probably fuck the whole city just to get a taste of white.

Cause... it's midnight in Chinatown.
Hit the homies up... now we goin' out.
We ride around looking for adventure.
And I guarantee we'll find it.
If you get the bigger picture....
Only... when it's midnight in Chinatown.
No ones safe... right around....
The corner, posted like a stoner.
The chakra is enlightened peep the stamp on the diploma.

I'm just looking for adventure.
And eventually I'll find it.
How you think I ended up with all this dirt up on my diamonds?
I been rhymin' trynna find a dotted that I can sign.
I want to be a millionaire without wasting my first lifeline.
T got the steeze that could last 3 lifetimes.
Please take a seat you belong on the sidelines.
Growing up I'd color out the guidelines.
Now I'm grown and it is my time.
Doing shows and sipping Mai Tai's.
Makes you wonder how the fuck I wasn't born in the limelight.
It's a mystery wack niggas are history.
A couple bars point blank leaves the face blistering....
No mercy don't put them out they're misery.
Feeling higher than the fucking highest height around.
Teleporting shadow to shadow inside of Chinatown....
Even though it's silent everywhere around.
The green inside this baggy here is very loud.

Cause... it's midnight in Chinatown.
Hit the homies up.. now we goin' out....
It's not the people just the rules we don't give fucks about.
Cruising down the avenue maybe taking a dab or 2.
24 hour sushi bar fucking magical.
Getting home is where things get tactical.
Late night MUNI's either sketchy or it's radical.

Cause... it's midnight in Chinatown.
Hit the homies up... now we goin' out.
We ride around looking for adventure.
And I guarantee we'll find it.
If you get the bigger picture....
Only... when it's midnight in Chinatown.
No ones safe... right around....
The corner, posted like a stoner.
The chakra is enlightened peep the stamp on the diploma.

