Midnight Cypher at 9
by Work 'n Progress.

Background Nikko B.S. 
This is the last time dude 
If, I don't do it. I'M done .
 
My name is Ody self-explanatory, 
In court, getting judged by the fucking jury 
Attack your nurse, while I'm dying on a gurney 
I can't get rid of the cops like they're fucking. Herpes 
They're all fakes like a church, sleeze 
Playing, mother, Mary after she's on her knees, 
At the church play, praying over STD's, 
While she's thinking about her college fund, 
Going straight to double D's Jeez 
Please, just stop the B.S 
You may not like me cuz. It'S me inside my chest: 
But with me. What you see is exactly what you get 
And, I'm actually a decent person best secret kept yet 
But. Everyone shies away like I'm: a deranged vet, 
My mind's, a train-wreck emotional roller-coaster 
It, didn't vacate my brain as I got older. 
I continue to soul-search, but the world just gets colder. 
 
So I'm chilling with the crew and they told me to spit it 
Thought for a minute then said: yeah, I'm with it 
Rolled up a bar and the O.G. lit it. 
Passed it around and everybody hit it 
Heads started. Bobbing shit got dope, 
Ten commandment style. This is what God wrote: 
Yo square get with it or get lost. 
Just like a salad, steady, getting tossed 
I came to bring the real, so it's been brought 
Mind like concrete, never going soft 
Always hard to the core hard to the brain. 
You'Re fucking up. My high go: get schooled on game. 
I got hella street knowledge cuz I chill with O.G.'s 
Ody's steady, rolling up trees, 
My whole crew brings bitches on they knees, 
So wassup ho. Don'T look at me funny 
Fuck ya life, I'm out for my money, 
Hitting quick, come ups for some nice cash 
Pistol whip you then it's road-runner time to dash 
Shady .380 got death in my sock. 
Better have a key cuz. I got shit on lock, 
 
Background 
You hit it that one bro 
 
Not, even on B.E.T., just a crook, stealing beats for the elite 

Conquering tracks with 40's and mallets 
Your bitch, with my dick call, her Alice 
Looking for a chest to cap. 
Wrong turn end in her ass 
Smoking grass, with a caterpillar 

8 ball like I'm playing billiards 
I'm familiar to you, squares, 
Step in the octagon or be out my circle. 
These wolves are known to hurt ya. 
Game is known to break ya, but 
I'm a yay-doer. Never will 
Weight-mover making bills 
Always taught to rob and steal 
Fight and deal get caught, never squeal 
Save, the whining for the pigs 
Save, the bullshit for the pigs 
See you there with the black Mercedes rims 
Matching watch on my left, limb 
Driving with my right, even Though 
A Ginga been drinking all night 
Spitting all night at that bitch in the tights 
Pretty lips with the matching eyes 
Kinda bitch, you got ta surprise for a second try 
So. I leave her like my trees, get high 
Not in it. If I have to try probably why 
My dick dryer than the fire that I walk 
Big talk that I talk back it up with ya, face 
Smashing on the block 
Stripper Neck, Broken Nose, Fire Foot, Deck, Life
, 
