Mike Jones Lyrics
by Swych.


I put on.
I said We don't need no stinking badges.
They know who we are and what we got in our bags's.
And I just left the bank so I come through laughing.
Shine so bright I could cut through traffic, now.
Everybody wanna talk about what he make.
But my iPhone got Flappy Bird, that's 3K on that eBay.
3 Stacks of Benjamins, nickname Andre.
So keep your pair of J's I got me a pair of Beyonces!
All on my mouth like liquor, uh.
The whip lean like it's sipping on sizzurp.
I'm A-Town tizzurnt, H-Town trizzill.

100 dollar bizzills, 100 broads from Brazil, I'm a killa.
I turn heads, snap necks baby.
Young Peter Parker &amp; your girl Gwen Stacy.
So they wanna put a shell in my back like a Master Roshi.
I'm looking like the coldest lick, tongue attached to the rollie, eww.
!

Now the kids I went to high school with be like Damn homie!
In high school I was the man homie! But look what happened to you.
You the man homie!
Haha, yeah.
Because I come through in your favorite name brand clothes.
With a white girl, make you bleed from your nose.
Boy well known like my name Mike Jones!
Mike Jones!  Mike Jones!

And they know who the hell I am.
And they know who the hell I be.
Just peep your girl's lock screen.
That's me  That's me.

And Imma need a pair or more.
Redhead girls like Paramore, to drop it to the floor.
And let it bounce, let it wiggle.
Drop it like you in a music video.
You the hottest, you the you the hottest.
Drop-drop-drop it like you're trying to change the topic.
But I ain't trying to wife, I'm trying to get this change lil' mama.
So when I blow a stack you throw it back, that's paper karma.
My favorite karma is when the...

hold up, hold up.

I grew up under T.I.P.'s &amp; Young.
Jeezy's.
Weezy's, DBZ, and Bun B's.
Shady's &amp; 50's, Nas' &amp;.
Jay-Z's.
Pac &amp; Biggie, but I want them to.
praise me.
Grinding my ass off, trying to blast off.
Until the day you need shades trying to read my name, I got.
Money in my veins and they trying to stop the cash flow.
I be in the game like a one man Smash Bros. roster.
Off the rip, I walk through and close lips.
You could hear them drop a pin.
You could hear them drop they jaw, the shock and awe.
You could hear them snap they necks like they clapped 8 TECs!
You could see I'm bout my checks, I stand erect.
I ain't a stand up dude? You stand corrected.
You a stand-up comedian, sit your ass down.
You sad clown, I'ma son you, I'ma.
make your dad proud, what!

5-0-8, 2-6-4.
You can't have my number though, haha!

