Millenium Mitch Lyrics
by 57th Street Rogue Dog Villians.

Tech N9ne.
Mitch Bade.

What is an M-I-T-C-H.
A nigga who's a B-I-T-C-H.
He never wants to - congradulate, he hates.
Cuz he's a fucking M-I-T-C-H.

Tech N9ne.
What up Mitch.
Is it an every day thing for you to act just like a bitch.
How does it feel, to have a nigga that will kill.
Ya, for the foul shit you pitch.
Number one snitch.
A bitch with a dick.
I found the remedy for the enemy.

Bust at a nigga like shootin' at the Kennedies.
Cuz Mitch Bade really ain't no friend of me.

Bakarii.
To be exact.
He's a nigga that talk but he really can't back.
That shit he talks so he gotta walk around with a gat.
But a nigga like me,.
The penalty from the path if you disrespect the game.

Tech N9ne.
Now what goes on inside the mind of a nigga like this.
This nigga pissed.
Cuz I pump bout four rounds up in the trick that he's with.
But it ain't my fault you're a little bitch.

Nigga run with the quickness.

Better off with a bianca than get stuck.

Right.

Bakarii.
Even if I'm lifted I can scope him from a mile away.
Niggas fakin' like anticipating their doom's day.

Tech N9ne.
Camouflaging but I can see you acting like a bitch.
Which are the symptons of a nigga named Mitch.

Have you ever met a nigga who was pie sprung.
There's a lot of slinkin niggas where I come from.
There's another missle catcher just like him.
His name is Mitchell Bade  Mitchell Bade.
If a Mitch is in your mix you best to check one.
And be re'd' to for milli when the next one come.
If a nigga got a foot up in his rectum.
His name is Mitchell Bade  Mitchell Bade.

Big Scoob.
Niggas know me.
Big homie from the show me.
Cookin' up by the O-Z's.
Let 'em go for the low fee.
Gritty, grimey all day all night.
All I know is, get that cash.
Any nigga that's in my path.
All I know is, bust that ass.
Ain't much changed Villian.
Still with this game Villian.
Still dubbin' that 'caine.
Poppin' our vein.
Fuckin' yo brain Villian.
But Mitch done made his way and slithered in our shit again.
It's 2K2 and now we dealin' with this shit again.

Txx Will.
Now look at this nigga let that pussy get him whipped.
See us lookin' from the club and he wanna trip.
That's when I peep this nigga had a weakness.
Don't wanna start no street shit.
Not over this freak bitch.
He should be glad that I showed him.
You can only trust a cock about as far as you can throw him.
So let that trick do just what that trick do.
Or get labelled Mitchell.
And smacked with a pistol.

Have you ever met a nigga who was pie sprung.
There's a lot of slinkin niggas where I come from.
There's another missle catcher just like him.
His name is Mitchell Bade  Mitchell Bade.
If a Mitch is in your mix you best to check one.
And be re'd' to for milli when the next one come.
If a nigga got a foot up in his rectum.
His name is Mitchell Bade  Mitchell Bade.

Bakarii.
Toss it to Bakarii.
Bitches mackin, feelin.
Doin' my dealin'.
I hit the pussy first night then escaped like a Villian.
You takin' her feelings and give her diamond rings and things.
I'm tappin' the pussy and bustin' head, fortune springs a Villian.
You better watch her man.
You better stop her man.
She's with my dogs at the mall better drop her hand.
Cuz she's addicted to them dogs with them roguish ways.
Who chop up ? and throw them things on that Mitchell Bade.

Tech N9ne.
Cruisin' down the spec with.

Texas, action, neckage.
With a sex kit.
And Tech got the best bitch.

But her nigga's on some next shit.
Cuz she tested Tech's dick for breakfast.
Stress hits, domestic.
Go!
Nigga wanna get up in the thing wit' me.
For a bitch who never ever meant a thing to me.

Nigga wanna and come sing with me for a bitch that wanna do a tagteam wit' me.

Never ever been a thing to me to get bitches up in the middle of a thing? with.
these.

Mothafucker wanna strangle me.

It ain't never been a mothafucking thing for me to.

Once again Mitch Bade.
Gets played.
Nigga should've never layed with a stray ho.
Pimp shit displayed.
This way.
They want a nigga when they hear him on the radio.
Like a bitch I call ??
Back in the club she's down on her knees.
Lickin' my balls.
Out of my drawers.
Ya nigga bustin' like Aw naw!
Playa haters wanna box with a boot knock.

Cuz the ho bitch blew me out of two sock.

So we do it in the parking lot.
I heard a nigga bust two shots.
? with a thing that I knew pop.
With a whole lot of Hoo hop.
Nigga you can bet when his crew got.
Hit, a mothafucker with a heater.
'Bout to do a niggabllllllllllllllllllllaaaaaaah!

Have you ever met a nigga who was pie sprung.
There's a lot of slinkin niggas where I come from.
There's another missle catcher just like him.
His name is Mitchell Bade  Mitchell Bade.
If a Mitch is in your mix you best to check one.
And be re'd' to for milli when the next one come.
If a nigga got a foot up in his rectum.
His name is Mitchell Bade  Mitchell Bade.

