Mine's Prayer Lyrics
by TyC // 95 KiD.


Mines Prayer 
Cowards got they heads seized in a nightmare. 
Aight there dead, MC's at times square 
Wondering, who got MTVs mind there. 
Taking your city, like the shadows, take light 
24 hours and the world is our night 
Hoping to be standing on stage after the fight 
Miss. The crowd cause they make me feel all-right 
 
I Turned to a sick, sick teen with lynguistic keen 
This shit mean now check the method. 
I bring madness, the dark art, the precious 
The style. I bring that shaolin flow, Though I Don't know 
How-men could get that low 
No harm, though How-thin you got to go, 
No, calm, soul, How-can, you act so cold, 
You, better, go to the poles 
Might better use for you, assholes 
I wish we had a world with No flagpoles 
Mad clothes, more soul, no drug addiction, 
\-, Less hoes, more goals, a young depiction of how it goes. 
Cause. What you listen to is analyzed 
They wrote the hieroglyphics – 
Others said they vandalized 
Coat your ego-physics. They break rules 
With any lies 
Vivid. This beast's in you 
You, won't realize. 
 
Mines Prayer 
Cowards got they heads seized in a nightmare. 
Aight there dead, MC's at times square 
Wondering, who got MTVs mind there. 
Taking, your city, like the shadows, take light 
24 hours and the world is our night 
Hoping to be standing on stage after the fight 
Miss, the crowd cause. They make me feel all-right 
 
Unleashed. It will rise to size and prize doom 
It's that very little piece of your heart that is consumed 
In my eyes, life is the search of stability 
In, my eyes we're fools if we lack responsibility, 
I really try to school, but nobody is feeling me 
They drool. When you try to teach them soul-relativity, 
Only cool for material facility, it's killing me 
The, stool call. Earth equals humility, 
None, the less still I craft, jewels to infinity 
These diamonds shall shine way passed. My quest, within-of-me 
Fien-to-be lyrical master in my inner me 
Energy got enemies. Outclassed, so the dinner be 
The, trophy kill the tiger in your vicinity Or the bear 
No matter. The beast you know who the winner be 
A share, a feast sacrifice for dignity. 
And. Any price I had to pay is straight off to Italy. 
Cold, like the winter-be magnetic like the moon, 
Told y'all by the morning, you're addicted By the noon: 
Assuming control of all life as such 
I'm. Just an MC who dun rolled too much 
 
Mines Prayer 
Cowards got they heads seized in a nightmare. 
Aight there dead, MC's at times square 
Wondering, who got MTVs mind there. 
Taking, your city, like the shadows, take light 
24 hours and the world is our night 
Hoping to be standing on stage after the fight 
Miss, the crowd cause. They make me feel all-right.
 
