Miracle Lyrics
by Tyler Thomas.


Raised by the water, Puerto Rican daughter.
Didn't have much, Pops worked harder.
Justin got excited, got a little bruh.
Couldn't take me home, Leukemia.
Moms lost weight, didn't lose faith.
Daddy worked early, stayed up late.
Doctor called priest, moms on her knees.
Praying God please you can take me,.
Lady walked in, southern accent.
Curly red hair, so confident.
Gave me to my moms, told her don't trip.
Next morning nigga came full around six.
Doctor walked in, acting like a fool.
Mom said a nurse said that it's cool.
Doctor said who, Mom said roof.
Ain't no roof, lady tell the truth.
Mom said yea, Doc said no.
Want a miracle, there you go.
Fate to the purest, pins in my body like a tourist.
Ain't no cure for this shit.
Bow my head for the ones that ain't make it.
Life so precious, why niggas wanna take it.
Nobody wanna die, why niggas wanna fake it.
Pain in my eyes.
That pain never dies.

Tyler Thomas &amp; Jayy Perry.
Do you believe in miracles? Do you believe in miracles?
Momma told me I'm a miracle.
Do you believe in miracles? Do you believe in miracles?
Momma told me I'm a miracle.

Young Nigga, nice rhymes.
Studio, night time.
Feeling drained like a pipeline,.
All I need is a lifeline.
And the right time.
I'mma spit til their ears bleed.
I'mma spit make the motherfuckas hear me.
Had a problem, let another nigga steer me.
Away from the music that I knew was the real me.
So now I'm back with a little more spunk.
If filth was a fifth we would all be drunk.
Life too hard not to get no lumps.
Type of shit that separate men from the punks.
No lending hands, do it on my own.
Niggas say Oh, you ain't do nothing wrong.
All you wanna do is make your songs.
But niggas wanna hate, never last that long.
Pray real hard, stack your dough.
How it feel to be Tbow.
Stopping my progress tevo.
Young nigga got next deep throat,.
Pause, lotta dreams flowing in the past yet.
Nigga threw a bunch of ?
Never thought I could be right here.
Looking back man this shit seem lightyears.

