Miss Vixen Lyrics
by QuayChronicles.


God, please help with my affinities.
These bad women, smart girl tendencies.
I get around like PAC every time panties drop.
Time for business and watch me rise like stock.
Cause, this all payback, fool.
Shoo! Let's keep it real: I was a Black nerd in a white school.
Yeah, scooped maybe a girl or two.
But them few girls turned into a swimmin' pool.
When book knowledge gave me the upper hand.
Gift of gab on campus with the lay of the land.
Greek letters turned me into a bad ass frat man.
Got me so far gone--- no Aubrey Graham--- but damn.
What would you do with women gettin' at cha.
And your conscience feelin' horrible after?
But you couldn't tell this story after.
Shout out the girls that write these stanzas.

Skin, just like a fortress.
Holdin' me hostage.
From the crown within my reach.
Today, I wake up lively.
Finally free.
And finally conscious.

Lookin' for a vixen: have you seen her?
Oh that's your girl? Tell me, can I meet her?
Never mind, I'm in the mind of findin'.
A woman that don't do what I say like Simon.
Let me explain what's goin on.
I don't like 'em fashionable militant goin on.
You know, girl that's marchin' with her heels on.
Or hoody on in the club twerkin' it for Trayvon.
Na, I'm lookin for the real deal, Holyfield.
One that can spar a couple rounds in both fields.
So good deal if we could zone tonight.
Philosophy over shot of Patron on ice.
You can tell me what got you feelin' right.
And I oblige, girl, just hit them lights.
Just remember by the time the sun rise.
We done fell in and out of love at the same damn time, uh.

Would you believe me if I said I'm in love? No?
Would you believe me if I said I could stroke? Oh.
Well, we both know your king a down low queen.
Ahem, I mean, we both should be free to do our own thing.
We can do what we want: no judgment in here.
We both might regret it tomorrow, I fear.
Can a brotha repent for his sins.
Even though he enjoyed when he was gettin' it in?
Is it wrong that I'm addicted to skin?
What if I promise to never do it again??
We know I'm lyin' cause ain't no time for the conscience to climb in.
The next just text and I'm already ridin'.
To the next stop, got another at my spot.
It's wrong, I know.
It ain't make me a man though.
But it made me the man though....

