MMA CR Lyrics
by Zoddex.


People is been asking around 
Why. We sit at the throne why we still wearing the crown 
But that they do know 
They've been trying to creep, no matter how hard they try. They know we won't
get hit 
MMA CR. We still at the top. You already know who we are 
 
2007 September, the 15 
We train to fight we fight to win 
That's the motto what you didn't know about of 
The. Only thing that hurts is that we started from the bottom 
Masakastsu we didn't keep the name 
Haters want it. All we got it all. We ain't the same 
Well. If you wan na win your really got ta train 
I've, been here since the beginning. The creators of the game, 
Im rapping, im, spitting im, yapping im, sweating, im, running im, jumping im
kicking, 
The sandbag. I want to see the opponent tapping the mat while he only feels
the blood, coming 
Through the nose and the teeth to the floor, falling 
See them crew them, so mad yeah, cuz, im winning 
Only, hear myself. He screams finish him 
Born to kill the flow im. An assassin 

Lead by Example, 
I tried to stay shy, but I can't be humble 
Everything I have. I got ta share it with my crew 
If. You dont like that. Well, there's nothing. I can't handle 
MMA just made me: I can brag about it and I can go crazy. 
I know im kinda lazy, but still you can compare the family to amazing. 
We went sky-high, everybody knows it. Everybody wan na a cut, as I 
The other side, nothing. They can try talk too much. Only criticize 
No need to think twice. The ball. Ain'T need to bounce 
Started. With a few now there's many in the house. 
My heart keep pumping the best thing I have found 
Got only 10 seconds got ta wrap this round. 
 
Competition is over. They really felt high 
But. The only thing they could accomplish was hover 
Not to me cuz. I know them all fake 
Not to us. We know they. Ain'T got what it takes. 
We didn't even do it cuz we the best on the race. 
Single clutch cannot keep up with pace 
Now. They only show the desire and the hate 
Used to eat from us now. Theres nothin on the plate, 
Im tryna to be best, but trying is not enough. 
Starting, the engine you got ta be tough. Is it hard to be rough 
No matter all the pain, the hits that it costs 
I will never get tired of it. I will never get tired of it. 
I want the pain, walk inside the hall of fame 
Put. The belt on my waist and my smile on a frame 
World championship, brain 
MMA already did it and we're getting it again. 
 
