Money Bags Lyrics
by Yung Massina.


All I want is money. 
All I want is money. 
All I want is money. 
All I want is money 
, 
Money, money money. All I want is money 
Busting down them, onions turn them into hundreds 
Whipping up the blow. That'S a bag of money 
Junkies at the door, ,'nother bag of money, 
Money money money - all I want is money 
Wake up in the morning, thumbing through them hundreds 
Go finesse, a ho. That'S a bag of money. 
Hundred bands a show ,'nother bag of money, 
 
Bitch, I'm back in the trap, with the sack and the strap 
I got money on my mind. That'S a salary cap 
I just happen to rap. I got the crack got the pain pills 
And. If you looking for that gas bitch, I'm Hank Hill 
I keep a fox in a dress like Wanda 
You haters cut it out like Angela Anaconda 
I'm swimming with piranhas got some niggas like to gang bang. 
And I be getting off kis like I can't sing 
Just. Try to maintain man, I would never 
Thugga follow that bread like Hansel and Gretel 
Got. These hoes' heads gone like Hannibal. Lecter 
You can talk to the hand bitch Hamburger, Helper, 
Doing, better and better, but they ain't quite. Like me, 
The way, I'm balling they about to make a Like Mike 3 
Shit. I might not speak. I just show that ho the check and 
The whole crew pass her ‘round like the book. In Best Man, 
 
Guala told ‘em, he's back and their feelings got hurt. 
Still screaming Free Crack. Like I'm, giving out work, 
Bad bitches, I murk yeah. You know I'm player made 
Girl if money make you cum bet. This dick will make you stay 
Nigga hustle day to day, spend my nights up in the ass club 
Foreign hoes in my bath tub, my dogs balling, like Air Bud 
Got a bad slut knew that I would one day smash her 
Now. We bare on the covers, like Kanye Albums 
I got 8 plasmas, Rolexes rings, 
And a fly pad – Kotex with wings. 
You got low self esteem. Talking like you're, handicapped 
I, say what I want like I'm sitting on Santa's lap 
Feet on the ground. Hold it down. Like a bobby pin, 
Money talks and y'all niggas is Joseline 
So many clones. Every day I got a B-Day 
But stabbing your friend in the back is the only way you can be Trey 
 
They treat me like Gerald. Since I got my lil' vert 
I just sent that ho a tweet now oops There goes her shirt, 
More profits than the church feds asking. If I got the scale 
You know my dog speaking Spanish, like Taco Bell, 
I'm chasing mail chasing tail. What you call that 
Dr. Dolittle, when that pussy talk, I talk back 
Like. I read books bring that paper back or hard back 
More P's than the lunch lady on All That 
Fuck Clifford. We big dogs got steels like Chris Paul 
Flow cooler than menthols blow paper. Like spit balls, 
Big balls like Wipeout, slang, wood and strike out 
And, I don't know where Howard stay, but I'm in da white house 
Dick all in your wife's mouth nigga I be spazzing 
Keep, a latin bitch and I ain't talking Princess Jasmine 
Fill, her up with Passion leave when she take a nap 
Pass her to my dog like table scraps. All I want is 
 
