Money Aint Shit Lyrics
by Unknown.


Here are some statements of a racist.
Rests in product placement.
Of songs on your playlist.
Face this you have no idea what a man feels.
The chills of getting a 9 mil. to his grill.
Boom goes off the steal cause he squealed.
And we kept it moving like the bat mobile.
These niggas rap about having guns.
But most of these niggas don't even have one.
Lil Wayne you think you're tough shit.
Its all just a script just admit.
You transmit lies all in yo track lists.
Always talking about money its gonna be funny.
When you're 40 and all bummy.
Living inside your Lamborghini.
With a sign that say feed me.
Your phrases are cheesy.
Better back the fuck off don't test me.
Before you meet my besti Jason voorhees.
I keep the Porsche keys lined up and ready.
Ride by you decapitate you with my machete.
Wanna be skater ain't seen you do a kick flip.
Looking like a stiff bitch asking how do i do this.
Go back to kissing guys.
Only thing you were good at in my eyes.
Rap ain't your thing you're washed up.
You ain't so little anymore let these real young niggas erupt.
Cut your eyes out put them in a cup.
Woah woah woah you can't say that.
I DON'T GIVE A FUCK!
Let me breath Mr rap industry.
Fuck radio hits just to make a g.
Your team is a fucking joke.
Beware OQ will not be provoked.
To leave you niggas up in smoke.
You're not dope matter in fact you're a drug free class.
I ain't never gave two fucks in one night.
You dont understand my word play its alright.
Just got back from the DMV.
They said i was to g to be in they facility.

And hes sticking you and taking all your money.

Wayne you a gangsta right?
That's why you gotta body guard cause you're scared to fight.
You're a faggot and you know it.
Them skinny leopard jeans show it.
You're still in high school following every trend imaginable.
Your music is not manageable.
Make me wanna turn into a cannibal.
Eat your scalpel sell your brains at a raffle.
Be scared when you see me.
Im your worst enemy.
You say you're the new PAC.
I can make that happen have you dead and shot.
Only thing is in a couple years you will be forgot.
You get money from your daddy how sweet.
Just know your name is never mentioned respectively in these streets.
Don't sweat the technique we roll green like fraknik.
And you probably roll niggas tongues on your dick.
Let me contradict you're as gay as a straight man loves chicks.
When it comes to my stick im strict.
Only a bad bitch can give this shit a lick.
Tick tock she about to blow up all over this cock.
We all stocked with Glocks.
So be shocked when we ride through your block.
Like a cop bashing down your doors to take your crops.
It don't stop we stay hot.
Like nikis ass during the holocaust.
Im sorry if you're kinda soft.
And my rhymes piss you off.
Ill simply mist you off.
Cause you're nothing but a miniature loss.
Fuck rick ross nigga im the boss.
Fuck my summer grab a rubber.
Get this bitch on her knees and show her god ain't the only thing above her.
Fuck a lover.
All i need is drugs and sex.
Bet you never met a rapper like me yet.
I show respect to those who i haven't mentioned.
I don't mind bringing tension to rappers who deserve a suspension ha.

So hes sticking you and taking all your money.

So here's a life lesson.
Stay bright like bio luminescence.
Your ambition should be to be happy.
Roll a fatty that's not to shabby.

