Monte Hall Lyrics
by 3rd Bass.

3Rd place is everything.. 
C'mon I'll, show you 
, 
MC, Serch, 
Tight fit dim lit spot is where I'm movin to 
Sweaty, but these slow tracks start soothin. You 
Light-skinned steps into the picture. 
Program is fixed, the mix will let you get your 
Hand around waist space drippin from moisture 
Strokin the neck. You suspect that she'll voice her 
Approval whippin and flippin your pelvis 
Brothers step in step off. You get selfish 
Yours for the take-home, so she can take up space 
At your place, but then you start to wake up 

Love. My name is Serch now step for some shade 
In the dancehall 
 
3rd place is everything... 
3Rd place is everything.. 
 
Pete, Nice 

Spot. To drop her bass and I'll follow 
Fiend on a focus. I spoke. This figure of speech 
Supposed to sway those who seek 
Such wisdom, wildly workin towards a woman, 
Therefore she's, drawn to the other man's 
Intentions of a G tryin. To stump me, 
Announced presence in the house of Mr. Puffy 
Smoke filled the tight-packed system, 
A rack of skirt kit for a victim, 
A three-stage pleasure on a principle 
As. I step and drop a syllable 
A syllabus spoken by the 3rd on sss-swooin 
A female to impale. Push-Up, smooth and 
Turn to spurn desire -- that all 
Another episode in the dancehall 
 
3rd place is everything... 
3Rd place is everything.. 
, 
MC, Serch 
Step to the A.M. playin, a song. That'S slow, 
Low tempo kicks lyrics to those who show 
A need to step to a def 3rd Bassment, 
A, wink of eye the smile of a face and I'm 
D-O-W-N to send shockwaves 
Up the spine. While the clock saves 
Just enough ticks to lick neck to your lips, 
Mouth to mouth palm upon hips 
Sigh in pleasure measures, the heat up, 
Nibble my neck, the affection I eat up, 
Dine, like a diner hot enough to simmer 
Jam comes to a close. Come give a 
Number of seven in regard to the residents 
Told the mob that I slobbed and showed evidence 
Lipstick on the quill, a digit to call 
Another lovestruck stuck to the wall. 
Of the dancehall 
 
3rd place is everything... 
3Rd place is everything.. 
 
Pete Nice 
Steppin over heads that swayed 
You move over and the record's played 
Swayed over smoothly soothin a listener. 
Undergoes wanted death of a dancer 
To twist over. You rises, your liquor, 
Slight panic on a dancehall picture. 
Motion flows scene gets hectic. 
Freakin bones like an epileptic 
Melody moves scenario to chaos, 
Pursue principles, and then you shoot livest 
So-called. It'S boots that rise and fall 
Steppin to the A.M. in the dancehall 
 
3rd place is everything... 
3Rd place is everything.., 
 
3rd place is everything.., *echoes* 
3rd place is everything.., *echoes* 
 
3rd place is everything.., *echoes* 
3rd place is everything.., *echoes* 
 
3rd place is everything.., *echoes* 
3rd place is everything.., *echoes* 
 
3rd place is everything.., *echoes* 
3rd place is everything.., *echoes* 
 
3Rd place is everything.. *echoes*
 
