Monumental Continental Lyrics
by 4th Avenue Jones.

Look here I can't afford to pause.
And I do not sleep.
Still buying all my drawz up at the Swap Meet.
I'm making lots of doe.
But funny how I'ma spend it.
I don't need new clothes.
Just property with tenants.
And I don't know no jokes.
I'm not about no play.
Love for all my folks who poor in South L. A.
I'm from the slums of life.
Didn't have a pot to put it.
That's why I love this mic and how I got so good at.
Bussin' all these flows and bussin' all these tracks.
We gon' get some gold get us some platinum plaques.

Money talk I stay fluent with.
Busters can't ruin it.
Cause' we straight doing it big.

Big, huge, monumental.
Stretched out four door Continental.
Enough for me plus all my kin folk.
That's how we rollin' that's how we roll.

They love when I rhyme.
My flow is divine I ain't the one ta'.
Get caught up in this jungle, sometimes it make me wonder.
How Wall Street all eat good and my hood hungers.
But we making it escaping these snakes like Anaconda.
Big, huge through paying our dues.
Now Avenue is taking over we ain't playing with fools.
Or playing with crews.
You dudes must have got it confused.
Tena Jones paper chasing.
Mama need some new shoes.
We do it big.

To the homie Mod, Tena.
The lineage of Jones.
Known for sown seeds, don't get it twisted we break bones.
Uproot from homes.
Take the cutest turn em' into trolls and gnomes.
So far fetched, so far gone.
The very same blood through them and Grits of course it's.
And since we share a spirit make sense combine the forces.
No time to sort our loses.
We rhythmically inclined cataclysmically in time to be defined the bosses.

I got a Jones for a hit, so I'm swerving' the block.
On 4th Ave cause' I know they got them bricks that rock.
My boy mod hit us off with some heat to speak on.
The average M. C. Need weed to be gone.
Monumental life forms, who twice born.
And write poems in clubs making thugs throw forearms.
In the dirty, dirty.
Mid south, Tennessee.
Nashville, Grits legendary spitters fo'sheez.

We all just wanna be loved I guess.
Yes, that's why I stay until A. M. Making' hits that ought' a be subbed.
Ought' a be dubbed one of the best.
I'm ill, every D. J. Who real should bang it.
This one ought' a be clubbed.
Love when I'm rubbed the wrong way.
So some offend me.
Dismissed by many, my Christmas spent in the lab.
Pen and pad while they sip Cris' and Henny.
I write these life lessons and spit just what's in me.
Be big like Dikembe.
Here to Japan is what my plan is.
Put money right where my hand is.
Ghetto brothas who po' can understand this.
And folks surviving' off just bread and mayonnaise.
I be wondering who's uncle Sam is.
Cause' in South Central L. A. We barely can live.
I hand picked my squad only a few in it.
Label tried screwing it.
We survived doing it big.

