Morellino di Scansano Lyrics
by Tyler Luke.

Chinatown.

Riding blindly down the left lane on Mulholland Drive.
Lynching in the rear.
view, my demons come alive.
Turning left and left the music of misfortune behind.
Driving off the path, flashing pictures of my life.
Capturing the melodies from the darkest keys.
Or amenities with my lost memories, sure.
Of selling sea shells by the sea shore.
But Sally was sold and still on sale at the corner store.
Sold out for the New York times, the corruption behind the door.
A man in a trench coat walked into the restaurant.
Gave him a fifth of cocaine, or at least he thought.
Went into the parking lot, a line of warfarin, His blood didn't clot.
Fell to the ground, next morning the cops lined his body in chalk.
The dealer was sipping his coffee with his back turned at the deli.
Wearing his brand new gold bracelet.
Before he could turn around, left a dent in his left temporal.
Cappuccino mixed with his platelet.
Save it.

Order a glass of Morellino di Scansano.
To cope with the mirror, to forget about tomorrow.
You don't need this, you don't need to know.
You don't need this, live life as a shadow.

Leave your entity behind, forget the deity.
Tell your spirit to fuck off from your identity.
Here drink this remedy with some Hennessy.
Your cornea melts away, no need to see.
You don't need to see.
You need to follow orders, now take this mans size.
And craft him some cement Nikes.
The deed will be done at midnight under the moonlight.
Then you drive down to the sea, right down to the sea.
Feed the fish, feel no remorse, this is just the course.
The steps to becoming the hero, then the world can be yours.
X2.

Order a glass of Morellino di Scansano.
You know exactly what's going to happen.
Your job is to cause sorrow.
Cause havoc in society.
Live life with notoriety.

Order a glass of Morellino di Scansano.
To cope with the mirror, to forget about tomorrow.
You don't need this, you don't need to know.
You don't need this, live the life as a shadow.

