Moros Lyrics
by Bodi.


At ten, I thought about severing my wrists.
Not because I wasn't loved – it just is what it is.
Learned life's love since I was a kid.
Grew to realize father time was the bitch.
It's all good, sky holds fist.
Building castles in the clouds brick by brick.
Foundation on the ground inch by inch.
Crossing off my laundry list with each wish.
Chin and chest both positively charged.
So there ain't a thing wrong with taking some scars.
March forward til the sun's in my hands.
Stand on my own two, manifest the promised land, and.
I will never give up/I got a lust for the minds I touch.
Fight from beginning til the bubble goes bust.
Regardless of the cards I'll produce a royal flush, cause.
Enough gold in the yellow brick road.
Couldn't get me to fold \- I'm goin all in.

A mission to be giving back more than I've been given.
Living in a world where too many stop livin'.
At the very beginning, so they don't start.
swimming.
Water's fine, you just gotta get in.
The shoulders of giants, blind Osiris.
Let the Iris find this Midas life in front.
of your eyelids.

Growing up I wished I could've been somebody else.
I was too scared of myself, but I know.
If I could change a thing, it would be for somebody else.
Because it's all that I know.

At ten, I decided god wasn't in the sky.
But that don't mean I didn't think it was alive.
I saw it in the eyes of every human being.
All of em angels even if the bell don't ring.
I was a snot nosed kid.

And try though I did, they often got the best of me.
But giving up is the key for disaster's recipe.
I could never be free.
Til I seized destiny sitting right in front of me.
Picked up a pen and started on these manuscripts.
Oratories of this captain's battleships.
When the storm came to sink my vessel.
The life boats were scripted in pencil.
Successful only if I provide light.
To the little kids hearing the words I write.
They say the sky's the limit.
Well if it is, lets stretch it to infinite.
And give our all from the day that we crawl.
Enough strength to shatter that wall.
Impossible isn't in the vocabulary.
Those who say it is are mad that they carry.
A shoulder with a chip so they fix to rip you quick.
Give a gift and lift em up until the sky is kissed.

