Movin' Two Fast Lyrics
by Wrekless.


Guess we gotta slow it down now.
Think I'm movin' too fast for her.
Think I'm moving too fast.

I said I figured I'd try this.
Hoping they like that.
Trying to figure where my pride is 'til you came right back.
And I figure I'm in need of a little therapy and a good dose of music.
So give me a couple months and I'll be right back.
Observing life through the sky rise high view.
I'm the type of dude to take a climb and a dive too.
With a beautiful dime, brown skin and she bomb.
As a mine or grenade with a shine like a diamond.
Pilot, physique got me high as a cloud is.
Drug, she my heroin but I ain't Amy wine-ing.
Searching through her treasure chest, heart trying to find it.
Love double excel at the right time; Jet.
Magazine for her essece I'm a fiend for the girl with the keen instinct.
I can call Cinderella like I stumbled on her slipper.
We might be moving too fast, but I'm sure we'll crash clean, go.

Jet 2, BeeGee &amp; Hitman.
See at first it was too slow.
Now you say I'm moving too fast for you girl.
Too fast for you girl.

Moving too fast, that's what you say.
Girl I gotta go, but you want me to stay.
I hate the fact that I love you so much.
From the frown when you mad to your sensitive touch.
I wanna be with you and everybody know that.
You moving too slow and a nigga can't take that.
When I was moving too slow, you would call me up.
But now I'm running things and I rarely even hear your mouth.
But that's your fault.
You took a good nigga and you turned him to salt.
I threw it at you and my heart you caught.
Then you beat the shit up; love assault.
Remember? We made a pact.
You broke my heart to pieces, I'm just stating the facts.
I'm fast paced and you're holding me back.
Either step your shit up, or move on and that's that.

Jet 2, BeeGee &amp; Hitman.

I got a little problem I should deal with.
Cause not wanting a girl's like not wanting the millions.
Crowd full of bitches, cause Hitman in the building.
It's just eleven thirty, All My Children.
Make it to my room, a couple texts from some more chicks.
They all L.A. high ready like some Romans.
Team face, man all my bitches doming.
And row row your boat in the pussy, I'm stroking.
In motion, I'mma be amazing.
Moving too fast, bitch I'm blazing; cajun.
Hot on the swag, sunshine probably could date him.
Line up, but not even a haircut could fade him.
Trees why I never text back.
In the stu with my crew make you fear rap.
She pop the head off like a beer cap.
Girl wanna ride, well mami let me steer that.

Jet 2, BeeGee &amp; Hitman.

