Ms. Senioritis Lyrics
by Xavery Williams.


This is C.K from Pikeville, Kentucky and you're listening to XaveryMusic.
!

This is that song you heard playing… when you were dreaming.
Know what I mean?
This is what you hear when you meditate…

I should be studying but I'm writing.
Not really feeling school at the moment.
High classes go by like lightning.
I'm going to see this later and not remember when I wrote it.

The only curves that I care about are yours.
I just want to do you like chores.
And maybe study your anatomy.
Good loving brings out the bad in me.

Mixed girl ingesting White Russian.
Now she's yapping like a Muppet.
The finger that pleases also hushes.
I hit it like I hate her and she loves it.

Rough sex &amp; smooth weed.
A sexy mouth and tornado breeze.
On a tangent – don't know where my band went.
*inhale* shit's got me speaking in Sanskrit.

I'm the opposite of low on the low.
And you don't even know.
Fixated on nothing…
Space is the place to be…

Bad decisions often create good memories.
And bad memories help you make better decisions.
But when you drive each other up a wall and a little.
Crazy you're only asking for collisions.

I'm a lover not a fucker- I'm immune to groupies.
What genre? It's too soon to group me.
But like anyone different in the business.
You better stay strong and keep your three wishes.

Oh no- budumbudumbumbum.

Oh no- budumbudumbumbum.

Oh no- budumbudumbumbum.

Oh no- budumbudumbumbum.

Vodka in those cups I know I had too much.
Regrettable tomorrow, but why should I rush?

It's a new day and that means a new girl.
Then I woke up from that lie into the real world.
This evening everything is on me.
I'm here to please and appease.

I'm not the only one looking for a good time.
You see all the ones in the short skirts in the long line.
Orange slices to the rim that's the wrong lime.
Not that anybody cares as we wind down the time.

Nobody cares when the lights are so dim.
She wouldn't care even if I was the other him.
English girls always ‘sk for the Pimm's.
I think they like me cuz my style's like Tim.

Next stop hot box that's how we weed them out.
Get it? I did. Do you- get dough? Knead them out.
4 am still tipsy in the city so we're eating out…
Looking at third base- leading out.

Dance and freak how I think you might later.
Get wild… and fuck all the haters.

Hot sixteen golden gloves golden love.
It might make the other girls green but you loved.
Knees by the edge you fall from a shove.
Then I come raining down like a missiles from above.
Fangs paws and heat all meet.
Rose colored bed sheet.
I'm targeted you- like infrared heat.
And all you worries will be gone from the moments that you moan.
Feeling like a teen even when you groan.
Damn- if you don't get it Ima give it to ya.
Ride it right be proud like a SMU Peruna.
So dance and move like you did earlier.
False promises make me a worrier.
Spin that thing like a game show.
2 second means something new not the same show.
So forget everyone in this place and feel free.
Because you don't come with me if you come with a fee.

I'm the opposite of low on the low.
And you don't even know.
Fixated on nothing…
Space is the place to be…
I'm the opposite of low on the low.
And you don't even know.
Fixated on nothing…
Space is the place to be…

Be sure to go to the Youtube video description to download and listen to the.
HQ version..

