Mula Lyrics
by Uncut Diamondz.

Got a heart of a lion, make moves like a giant.
And this city too damn small for a nigga to be lying.
I do shit with precision, those with money make decisions.
So I'm grinding everyday so I could get in that position, and…

Till they find the cure on dying and we all could last forever, I want the.
money.
Until love is really real and we could make it last forever, I want the money.
Cause it cost mula just to be on top.
Cause a broke nigga never called the shots.
If my girl and my friends leave and all I got.
Is my health, shit I want the money.

This stunting music, I'm talking mula its how you use it.
To make a change, broke niggas they only make excuses.
Girl prostituting for designer shit and hot exclusives.
Its conclusive if you got money then she seducing.
She sell her soul, just to buy clothes and hit the mall.
Love when they ask her what she got on, Christian Loubitions.
Them red bottoms, yeah she got em, guess who bought em.
For her, that dude she met when it was Autumn, he was balling.
And uh, she got his number and she gone fuck him till he falling.
In love, dudes with 9 to 5's are broke, she only party with thugs.
Girl I feel ya, your story is so familiar.
With these chicks in South Florida chasing figures with no father figure.
Also, that's part of the reason I ain't fucking with ya.
Your short term goals cool, but you don't see the bigger picture.
But who I'm kidding, she stunting these hoes is winning.
Telling a faithful girl she tripping,.

Lord knows that I need stacks.
Lord knows that I need Neiman's, lord knows that I need Saks.
Stacks, stacks, its about them Benjamin's.
Stacks, stacks, them Andre Benjamins.
A Benjamin is a hundred, but if its Andre then its 3 stacks.
I'm a outkast when I need racks, a big boi I need least 3 stacks.
Stacks, stacks, its about them Benjamin's.
Stacks, stacks, them Andre Benjamins.
…Stay grinding, I'm upgrading my status.
My name uncut diamonds, my gold 24 karats.
And I'm known as baddest motherfucker on the come up.
Grinding every day, every night till the sun up.
Nigga I got drive, Bentley vision in a Honda.
Can't say that I lied, worked at Depot by the lumber.
Just to kill it this summer, and if ain't making nothing.
Can't even get food from publix, then fuck it nigga I'm bussing.

Lord knows that I need stacks.
Lord knows that I need Neiman's, lord knows that I need Saks.
Its about them Benjamin's.
Them Andre Benjamins.
A Benjamin is a hundred, but if its Andre then its 3 stacks.
I'm a outkast when I need racks, a big boi I need least 3 stacks.
Its about them Benjamin's.
Them Andre Benjamins.

I need my R&amp;B niggas to remix this shit.
Right now I ain't paying none of ya'll niggas, I want the mula, mula.

