Multis 3 Lyrics
by Punsy.


My flow is so raw and twisted., I'm colder than all the winters
I'm going to rot in prison.. I'Ve Broken the laws of physics
The globe's. In my palm I gripped it just so I can stop it's spinnin'
Grabbed hold of the stars, and moon just to throw at the opposition
Your flow is so awful in this. you blow like a common mistress
You know that I'm awesome listen, my quotes are like godly. Scriptures
You, jokes. Are my competition? I'M roasting you all to cinders
I'll, go to the top with lyrics. I'll own. Every spot in minutes
Go broke from your lost position, No home or a pot to piss, in
No, homies or flocks of women., no dough cuz its all been given
To me cuz. I'M jottin' writtens that bolts over common spittin'
I'll motivate top decisions of folks that are talkin' business
Stay, going I'm always driven. In moments I'll cop, the ticket
That's golden. I've got the vision.. I know it I'm on a mission
It's over just call it finished.. I hope that you're all offended
Like, showing Muhammad's image to those that are not of islam
 ... Now I'm showing a loss of interest

I've, been called divine savior writing on this line, paper
Tightest on the mic, makin' guys just wan na die, later
Fire bars ignite flaming light on y'all Cuz, I'm greater
Might, just make'em, think I train in Hyberbolic time chambers
…I'm an amazing anomaly
Teaching paleontology to an alien colony
I am crazy. At jotting schemes. hear the greatness. I'M dropping see
There's no way that I'll stop to leave ‘til, I'm ranked as a God emcee
Got. A lot of drive like 60 civics Modified with hemi engines
I, don't lie'bout spending riches, killing men or any fiction
All. Those guys are penny pinchin'.. All those lives I'll quickly, finish
Dollar signs, descending digits. I'll decide who's getting business
I'm the guy. That'S really gifted., Not surprised. I swiftly kill it
I qoute lines, that's clearly different., I provide. Sincerely driven
Time goes by my fifteen minutes, won't decline. transending limits
I'm the light, I'm pretty vivid. Psycho mind like jimi, hendrix
 
