Murder We Wrote Lyrics
by Ruthless Bastards.

Apocalips.
Frontin...

My crew be livin like Kings but we ain't Latin.
You don't know the half like the mothafuckin fraction.
Tough actin like Tinactin, breakin backs in.
Fatigue gear, blood on my boots, no more fashion.
Trust me son, Ruthless you don't wanna battle.

The heat is guarentee to seat you like a saddle.

Avoidin snakes that rattle.
Paranoid, gettin ice grilled by the double barrel.

Now here's the plan, clear the block it's like that.
Because they said they got gats, you think I fear that?
I hear that, procrastinate or retaliate, you'll never win.
The crews' in Timbs, I knock you all down like roller blades.

Who you be?
No doubt, put your best man up, I kick his ass too.
And bash you, and get my fuckin nut off like cashew.
I don't get down with these clowns cuz they don't know me.
Just hold me down and watch me bust 'em down just like a stoggy.
What? Guns I tote, amateurs take note, then you can quote/unquote.
It's Murder We Wrote.

Murder We Wrote.
Murder We Wrote.
Murder We Wrote.

Infrared.
Even the realest niggas cry, fake ass niggas lie.

We all locked down in the streets, grab the heat and sad to release.
I see life flashin and techs cashin.
Laced in fatique fashion.
Smashin anythin in sight for the right price, quick to pull a heist.
Got your fuckin guns off the Christ  Stop it.
You don't want, it's Inf' the first blunted.
The fifth.
And not the average, we still tryin to live lavish.
Ruthless Bastards, a deep mob bringin havoc.
With mad wisdom, take over like communism.
A military that's ready to break down the prison.
To set all my people free, so we could live equally.

Hold up, this shit ain't over until I represent my soldiers.
We form like Voltron and connect at the shoulders.
Guns we tote, weed we smoke, Murder We Wrote.
Take your trip across the boat and washed up like soap.
And matter of fact dunn, yo Truck load up the Mac-one.
Put me up on the top cuz I'm a put one in 'em cats dunn.
*gun shots*.

Bring it! My whole crews' blastin.
You want somethin baby?
Fuck one time nigga.
It's always over.

