Murder Thoughts Lyrics
by Yung B from Farlin.


This music is my life. Farlin is my passion 
Sometimes I can be coldhearted, no compassion, 
I, wouldn't suppose to make it 25 
On top of that. I made it out the hood alive. 
 
Murder murder murder'round my way, 
I'm having thoughts about the shit like everyday 
If. They don't understand, then they gon' tell us pray 
But, that ain't stop lil' homie from gettin' hit wit' that K, 
 
Murder rate ain't, going down ain't going down, 
In my city: they lay it down blood, they lay it down, 
Niggas, be with that jaw, jacking. All that jaw jacking 
Me and my niggas make it happen blood we make it happen, 
 
That's how it is in the field, blood, real in the field, 
Show signs of weakness, you'll get killed blood. You gon' get killed, 
Turn on the news. It'S off the chain blood. It'S off the chain, 
Ain't no mercy, they bussing brains, blood, they bussing brains, 
, 
The, police, murdered, Michael Brown. Then they tried to keep it quiet, 
On, every national news, St. Louis starting, a riot 
Reverand Al Sharpton trippin' that nigga wasting his time. 
Ain'T no justice in my city, ,'cept niggas, slangin', that iron 
 
Closing. All these fuckin' schools all niggas got left is dealin' 
The, jackin', crackin' and stealin' and felony no appealin' 
Let's be honest. I been gangbangin' since'04 
With my pistol cocked and that Curtis Blow 
 
My trap boomin' like Looney Tunes, I'm a OG off that Farlin block 
Blind to the facts, 9 to the Mac oooh. She sexy 
Not the type that I'd marry, though 
Probably one of them crazy. Hoes 
 
I, I can't save'em cause they sink fast and they can't swim 
I. I don't blame'em cause they homegirls, just like them. 
Sick and tired of all that bullshit and stress 
Niggas keep bringin' up my name knowing damn well. They ain't gon', flex, 
 
Got, that pistol charge for that strap 
Got that crack charge for that sack, 
Couldn't find a place to rest 
'Til. I got savage on my chest. That'S why it's 
 
Murder murder murder'round my way 
I'm having thoughts about the shit like everyday 
If, they don't understand, then they gon' tell us pray 
But, that ain't stop lil' homie from gettin' hit wit' that K 
 
And, we gon'! Do it big man, no matter what they say, 
Can't, never take my spirit, Blood cause. We gon' shine today. 
And we gon'. Do it big man, no matter what they say, 
Can't, never take my spirit, Blood cause. We gon' shine today, 
 
Murder murder, murder'round. My way 
I'm having thoughts about the shit like everyday 
If, they don't understand, then they gon' tell us pray 
But, that ain't stop lil' homie from gettin' hit wit' that K 
 
