Muthafuckas Lyrics
by Swifty McVay.


Hey.
Shit- talkin' ass niggas.

I can't stand them niggas.
I mean, I'm...um...Bless me.
We do this because we loathe you.
Muthafuckas.
Muthafuckas.
Muthafuckas.
I mean you really....
Muthafuckas.

I've had it up to here with this bullshit.
Ignitin' dynamite.
If it ain't right I sabotage it on sight.
I'm tired of niggas talkin' the talk.
And actin' like they walkin' the walk.
But they can't even crawl.
Settin' up their fall.
I'm a dog here to tear it up.
While these niggas tuckin' their balls.
Between they legs and they sittin' on scars.
To take a piss- so when they see me, their drawers get filled with shit.
Breakin' laws as well as jaws.
Applauding their crib.
They get clapped up.
Their crab-in-their-bucket asses act tough.
Until I bust their door With the force of a mat Truck.
I'm bad luck.
Even if you keyed it with Matlock.
You couldn't convict me- I keep weapons without a stash spot.
Runnin' this game- the street sweeper, that's my mascot.
They plot, but never follow up with their plans.
I'm not bullshittin', man.
I'll turn your neighborhood into Pakistan.
If you don't kill me fast as you can, nigga!
I love this shit!

We do this because we loathe you.
Muthafuckas.

We so tired of y'all niggas walkin' around.
Poppin' off that shit.
That's why we do this.
Because we- love- muthafuckas.

I mean you're really  muthafuckas.

I'm tired of these fuckers.
Thinkin' that they can cause ruckus.
They're not tough- they love to run their mouths like Muppets.
They hustle, but probably need more muscle.
They own a gun but need another motherfucker to bust it.
They actin' nervous cause they scared of the levels of rebuttals that they.
could turn into.
Whenever I'm beefin', I'm a threat, like something terminal.
I dig into their chest quick as surgical methods.
Creeping unexpectedly.
And I definitely want some blood shit.
It's the reaper speaking with a hell of a death wish.
They don't believe it 'till I come greetin' 'em manifested.
With restraining orders on me.
I'm quick to send a plaintiff to Witness Protection.
Faces are blurred when they're tellin' on me.
Insomniac, half man and animal.
An android with an anger intolerable.
The honorable judge can catch a slug.
I'm metal detector dodgable.
Honorable to remain uncountable for the sound of shit!
I love it!

Beefin' is second nature.
And niggas respectin' me like a mason.
But they stare at us like Alien Nation.
They need to tell the cops to come.
And lock me up fast.
Because my attitude is like Jason without the hockey mask.
I'm fast to put you niggas on blast, ‘cause you asked for it.
I'll strangle your mama, then grab her wallet and passport.
They love to ignore war.
They're hesitant to man up.
Lookin' like Moses from hidin'\- Scared as fuck.
They ain't prepared to buckshoot or nothin'.
They'd rather sit up in the crib and make excuses.
When the hoodlums come bustin'.
Down their motherfuckin' hinges.
And stick ‘em with syringes.
Filled with poisonous liquids.
And be walkin' away relentlessly.
Mentioning me is for suckers.
That think that they can diss without repercussions.
So I give ‘em concussions.
They never wakin' up from this evil.
We do this because we love to see people.
In this situation with beefing.
I love this shit!

