My Life is Sweet Lyrics
by 504 Boys.


My life is sweet, 
You could tell by the Benz and the Beamers and the Jeeps 
Big wheels, big grills make them say: oooh-weee 
Custom made Bentleys t.v.s, mink seats, 
Make them scream, wha-wha 
 
Curren $ y 
Cars and shut it down any set first dude in the City 
To have Intevet equipped with the Internet. 
Performance chip is faster than any jet 
I'm down the block, and you ain't even start your engine, yet 
I use to hustle on the block for rent 
Met P, and I ain't came out of my pocket since 
See. All these chicks wan na get with me 
Because. The 6 got more appliances than Circuit City, 
, 
Desperado 
Afficial. We, the Reebok boys, call us a classic 
And rap slowly up on the block gun and a package 
I leave the country cause Paris, cooler, 
Fall back and take a day off like Farris Bueler, 
Young punks, I'm the ruler. You follow my lead 
Slow down. I been doing this the product of speed, 
Can't roll, but I'm a weed blower. I get my ki's lower 
16-5. A few weeks I'll have a green roller. 
 
Yukon 
I thought I told you the flow, don't stop 
And! It ain't No Limit on the stage. If the show don't rock 
You can still catch me up in them, clubs 
In that 2K3 Yukon sitting up on them, dubs 
Since they wan na know about my whip. 
I'Ma tell em like this. I got enough keys to start a dealership 
Now how they think they floss toys 
When. We in places so far from home. They call us the Lost Boys, 
 
S-Flames 
When. I go to the lot. They call me Connect Four 
Cause. I bought four cars on the road with four doors: 
Spend. Another mill put diamonds on the grill 
Push a button and my gun pop out the steering wheel, 
It's real stack dough and make more 
While you. Cats come up slow, like Lamborgini doors. 
You might see me in a Range you might see me in a Porsche 
I get paid every month like child support, 
 
Krazy 
Luxury. I love that bird. It'S easy 
Lift it out, but still a Jag can't. Please me 
But a 6 without the rims is cheesy. 
Like a bitch I, like my tires breezy 
The spinners on my Navi to tease me 
With, a sunroof open, it's kind of breezy 
With, a tank on my neck. That just might freeze me. 
I'M scared of a Viper she'd like to see that 
 
Master, P 
You. Ever ate a cheeseburger on a million dollar plate 
Flew to Paris or France, just to get away 
Like to party, so we buy the club 
Every whip that we drive be on 24's or dubs 
The new Hummer had it before it came out 
200 and 50 G's. I put it in my mouth 
Bought a mansion whodie just to make music 
Like the President got a jet and don't even use it 
When. It comes to ghetto balling. There is none higher 
Get, a supermodel for a banker. Two million dollar wires, 
In the winter whodi. We sleep on mink coats 
In the summer. We on the water, putting chandeliers and boats, 
My cousin, get athlete money and don't even ball, 
My son's only 12 and he could buy the mall 
Call me Ghetto Bill cause. I love the cheese 
I, don't gang bang! My favorite color is green 
 
