Mémoires (Prod. By Rikio Ito) Lyrics
by Tyam.


Every time i hop the beat, its recognizable.
Everybody tryna be me, its indescribable.
Undeniable, for half of these people are unreliable.
They may be denying, what im implying, but what would lying do.
Streets of safari so ima show em what a lion do.
Roast em over to open fire nothing to tie em to.
The jungle on my shoulders, &amp; i know you heard of minks.
Cause im erve gotti with the pen &amp; how i murder ink.
I hit the studio im trying get a necklace.
I left then i started to right imean bu dexterous.
My punchlines hit hard you ready to bruise.
But i never lose, cause im miami in 72.
Call me don shula, im seeking the prime jeweler.
Had me bezelled out right, i know he don't mind mula.
Uh i keep going till the set done.
Im the future of fly, im living it like a jet son.
Some hate me, why the others imitate.
Hatas love us in reality, that's what i indicate.
On time never late, cause royalty is in my fate.
Got some dudes who don't hit the gym, but you know they flipping weight.
They gon take me out the game, ima boss.
Yea right, i wish a nigguh would like a log.
Im prepared for the wins &amp; the losts.
When im stressing get a black with a bottle full of sauce.
Cause im young and i ain't really rushing for a doe hood.
Yea i make mistakes that don't mean i ain't no good.
Live up in burbs put i prolly be in yo hood.
&amp; you think im gone im just really on the low good.
0 12 propel angel but i cause hell.
Animal i move fast nascar no snail.
I grind hard to keep my pockets fat, they doing swell.
You got no guap &amp; no shot, OH WELL!
You say you want some help, its every man for himself.
This a heavy weight match, im going home with the belt.
If im sick for them dollas, split ya dome, for ya health.
&amp; if im coming close to poor, im in ya home for the wealth.
Judge me if you want, you already know my steez.
Treat em like blunts, so we roll em like its trees.
Like the letter after D we do this shit with ease.
We got a buzz like the letter after A we them b'z.
I get it poppin like a popper.
Sick wiz the doctor, them niggas is molotovs, we them niggas that was hotter,.
Get in then we pop her, new song how we drop her.
Im metal mixed with steel, &amp; all my the competition copper.
I ain't living lavishly, i ain't with the flattering.
You on me too long, i kill em off dead battery.
Get a niggas feeling hurt if he try to battle me.
Compatible compatibly gassing niggas that's after me.

I dedicate this for… for everybody saying i was cool.
For people that believed in me when i was making movies.
For everybody in my section, for my family &amp;.
For the man up stairs with the gift to be a deadly weapon.
Things ain't the same how it should be…
Although I'm standing right here, don't over look me.
LOOK, id rather vent instead of asking for help.
So i thank all of y'all cause i ain't do it myself &amp; thats real.

