Nat Turner 1 Lyrics
by Xali.

Xalic versions of hell.
Wiping the blood up off my fingers from the virgins I've felt.
Got different images of women from the pussies I've held.
I'm talking church girls, Christians who wanted sin for themselves.
Now hear the rebel on the level, higher than you perceive.
I never planted these seeds.
I only reap from the leaves.
Garden of Eden in my soul.
Smoking heavenly trees.
A new message from God.
Video scenes in my dreams.
'Back To The Future' in my mind slowly showed me the lies.
What they really intend and how I'm s'pose to survive.
Now fuck the system from behind.
Never loving the stakes.
Just put your dick in it's mouth.
And tell 'em fuck what they say.
The resurrection of expression where the lyrics is cold.
Know that my knowledge is raw, with such incredible flow.
You ask about me in a church they say I'm missing a soul.
But check my heart for location, you'll see I'm missing a hole.
Now peep the cheeba in his pupils, I was born with these eyes.
Niggas fighting to live, so you was born to survive.
Reap the reefer in my mind.
Fog away, yeah, my life.
Cut my brain from my mouth.
Toss away with the knife.
The hardest house slave alive.
Memories in time.
Still got resentment towards my master.
Memories in mind.

Swear I'm tired of abuse.
Let it feel it's own trigger.
I'mma take my own freedom, go and free my own niggas.
Run with God and the ganja.
Higher than you could think.
Sitting on heavenly steps then stoop to say what I think.
Cover your lips, cover your leers.
Don't see my pain.
'less you need food for thought.
Let it feed your brain.
Leave no proof of any threat.
Keep that all in your chest.
I hope you lacking a heart, they only loving you less.
Never trust a nigga grinning.
Say he wish me the best.
But deep down they Judas, they know they wishing for death.
Now hear my mind, screaming at the top of it's lungs.
Innocent souls.
Leaking from those choppers and guns.
How bad, you gotta aim at a baby because he is trained.
Little Afghan soldiers, suicide bombers insane.
Feel American war.
Feel American whores.
Fear American terror, average where havoc is poured.
Black mask on your Maybach.
Break the glass on the door.
Robbin' for the poor my nigga.
Now tell me what to take.
Tell me what to take.
Different pain killer pills.
Just to try and keep me sane.
Need the one that's for pleasure.
Tryn'a numb my brain.
I can't feel my heart, I can't feel my face.
Ill minded because I'm lost in translation.
Come and find me before I'm lost in my hatred.
Hate to do this.
My limit so roofless.
Rhyming so ruthless so niggas know what the truth is.

