Naught U (Block U) Lyrics
by Wonderstarz.

Disclaimer.

Die bitch die.
I told you not to pry in my life.
Your chance is over slut, can never be my wife.
So why are you tryn' to fuck up my tries to find someone.
Who'll love ME more than my smoochin' style.
You shouldn't cry- cause you're stupendously lucky.
To survive my deadly throws  - There's my pocket knife.
Our story's ended, it's not my fault you never reply.
Stop fuckin' with my life,.
I'm out of condom supply.
You heard it right bitch! Condom supply-.
Blue Daisee's still in business- Surprise!
I made some changes to my 'Relation Status'.
Now I know why this problem arises- I must've forgotten to press 'Apply.
'.
I've seen many hoes in my life, but you I admire.
I told your best friend to tell you 'Goodbye'.
Maybe she knew you were too delicate.
The result would be disbelief and fuckin' intertwine of the situation.

Don't know why? It's so simple bitch.
I wanted a girl but I don't want it now, a'ight?
You can try your whole life to try and fuck me up.
But hey baby girl, it's not your cup of tea.

You think you smart, girl you stupid.
Your maggot-ass boyfriends make you look like Cupid.
You think you powerful, your pinches to the waists.
Are shit in front of my punches to the breasts.
You tried hard already- Now go to rest.
It's like I'm droppin' dope rhymes in front of your daddy.
Who's a dope smoke, ridin' a little bikey.
When I leave the discohouse, it's nighty, nighty.
Your dreams of being a CA'll be fucked.
Thank God Almighty!
You ain't a slutty bitch, your potent mommy got you from a genie.

I don't think before I act, hate the Q 'what will be..?'.
You ain't no control key- my Greymatter's mine, Gwen.
I'm a retiree flirt.
You came on Dey? Hey!
Now let me live my life in peace, passion and harmony fag.
I didn't propose to her bein' wit' you cause I loved you.
Forgot the rules when you forgot there's a thing called me.
Fuck you!

Interlude.
FUCK ALL THESE MOTHERFUCKIN' BACKSTABBERS! FUCK THE AFTERNOONS!
HOW'S IT LIKE BEING ALONE NIKKI? TOLD YOU YOU'D NEVER WIN.
YOU JUST FUCKED WITH THE PEOPLE WHO WAKE UP AT 4.
EXPECTIN' THE BITCHIN' SUN AND ALL THEY GET.
IS THE MOTHERFUCKIN' DARKNESS.
YOU THINK THEY SUPPORT YOU?
GET FATTER AND SEE THEIR SUPPORT FOR YOU.
WE LOVED YOU WHATEVER WAY YOU WERE: IT'S ALL PAST.
NOW GET READY TO KISS MY SWEET ASS.
BITCH GET READY TO FEEL THE WRATH OF THE DAWNING.
HERE COMES SRC MAN...

Sponny's love life is like an ant when compared to mine.
I was there, since birth, till the divorce papers were signed.
My bitch had a greater tail than his bitch did.
There was competition in those days- good ol' greed.
) SRC agrees.

Don't wanna stay in a relationship- a ship that's sinkin'.
I've been played so many times, it's time to start thinkin'.
What'll happen to these rhymes if your heart starts meltin'.
Don't curse me before I get this shit bendin' ho.
These pinch-fucked motherfuckers think it's all a joke.
But Imma punish 'em for badmouthing you.
Ch-ch-choke!
All you got is some afrotoon, maggots\- to suck your dick in afternoons.

Neha you a fool- a lesbian slut who drools on her own panties.
Suck a ballsac, you do.
li'l for her but fuck her brains up.
Insanity...

It's a tragedy we broke up, but I ain't mad.
Won't ever fuck up my sister.
Sneha, please don't be sad.
Yeah big bro's bad- but never has been like this.
Seriously MAD- Mystified And Died.
I cried for you, lied to many 'bout my status.
But still survived.
And bribed all of Nikki's fagass friends.
She called me a spy? Well.
I may as well pretend to be a liar.
Aspire!
Love, my ass you made believe 'til the day in bus line.
Writing punchlines and payin' police more fines.
A meat mass, a.k.a. Angel came to me.
She's fine- don't know name, no standard, no shit.
But damn! She was like the damsel in distress.
Time to become Superman- she my Lane.
The route I'm 'bout to take tomorrow.
Oh God! Please be mine...

Fuck Nikki- this new girl's miles better.
I's watchin' 8 MILE when I started, vomit on Em's sweater.
Started losin' souls\-.
couldn't even chitter-chatter.
Now got my hormones- can fuck on leather.
Now le'me start doin' what he didn't have the balls to do:.
Blow all of you.
Ah yeah, bitch- fuck you too!
Other than your dry cunt, I have other things to chew.
Talkin' to you there, boobyshakes.
Have you ever taken out the time to take a look at your legs.
Gain calls 'em sexy, but.
believe me, it relieves me of pain.
When I say Hey! Ain't you my best friend, Nikki?
She says Yeas!, sucks his fuckin' cock.
And comes back to give SpB a blowjob.
Thank not, I'm quite.
satisfied with the service I've got.
Sharma will fall in front of you when it comes to calling.
Shave your fuckin' pussy, Miss Cumming.
While Sponny is LOL-ing.
Pool-balling on playgrounds- both black and white.
And playin' with hairs- red, black or bruns !).

Eyo SRC you did those niggas nice and warm man.. Shit!

