Never Shit Where You Eat Lyrics
by United Kingdom.

Laza-life &amp; Dungeon Masta.
Make money, money, make money, money, money.
Take money, money, take money, money, money.

Never shit where you eat, never admit defeat.
We never got beaten, and if we have to we cheat.
Only t'ing about me is sweet, be the carrot cake I eat.
Don't trust everyone you meet.
Scan for leaks, all the squeeks, exclude the meak.
Shout your wisdom from the highest mountain peak.
Keep in mind crooked politicians get impeached.
Even the littlest shorties be packin heat.

Laza-life.
Girl you're big now, tradin your fist for the biscuit.
Shit this, difficult, we sent to have you dyslex'.
Mission to stick shift, endin of the nonsense.
Cee-Lo trip six, head crack come to them dipsticks.
Shit this, fix got him stripped to statistics.
Head crack in the tidbits, from ballystics.
Son ain't hissin, like dumb bat, listen and snitched on Nixon.
To get his richest, bitches, my definiton.
Attempts for the movement, ends up with the switches.
Stick politics for their drinks, in the midst of a sentence.
Drain pisses, slickness, got 'em all pinned by tradition.

Dungeon Masta.
Yo.. blaze us!
Niggas wanna test me, but see me not.
Bust my Glock, thugged out, bring in the cops.
Hittin the block, stackin cheddar, pushin your rock.
Drugs and shots, the 10th Chamber never be stopped.
Eh yo, shorty where my forty? Get my cap and twist.
After this, session you can have the dick.
You long for this, gold tip hard and stiff.
Gotta get my life right, just before I spit.
Guns with clips, blow you if you ain't legit.
Drunk nigga comin through with my Pilot lit.
What?

Popa Chief.
Yo, time stands still for no one.
I walk rappers with that lyrical perfection.
I got more body than Doc Kevorkian.
Ghetto fashion, that motherfucker, no reflection.
Mental erection, the end of the pussy is an extension.
Know the passin, by the leep, ends the valley.
That's your ass, with the postman.
Guess who's disgruntled, to the core of the earth by tunnel.
Flirted with death, nigga danger for Aaron Hawk.
I pay attention to details, on point like e-mail.
Been there and back, quicker than Rocket Ishmail.
Burn heart felt, dead men tell no tales.
You can't be trusted like Leon left with a keg of fishscale.
About that, who you think gon' biggest, biggest sell?
I make what I write, on paper, real.
A picture worth a thousand words you can feel.
I'm not stuck on crills, or how many pounds you steal.
Or how many drug deals it take to keep it ill.
Never miss the mill, before I die I'ma touch a bill.
Put that on my moms and my seeds, signed and sealed.
Shot my mouth on the top of Blueberry Hills.
Went up in the air and ain't came down still.
You know the drill.. yeah.

