Never Always Lyrics
by Viva Fidel.

Never Surrender Always Remember 
 
Have. You ever wanted to say what you were really thinking: 
Put the pen to the pad or go straight off the dome 
Get you some release therapy a moment of clarity. 
When, I recite- it's silent, psychologically violent 
Let me tell you bout. This life, I lead A mastermind 
Past, the concept of time, rhyming, shit, amazing, 
Archived and ageless scribbeled out on pages 
The days of my life, shared with out fear for the world to hear 
The word is the weapon. The message is clear: 
Execute ya mission, step up ya, bigger vision, 
This is called upliftment its time to take you higher 
I help you get through the fire Got something to inspire 
The ones. I love even the few that hate 
This just a test of faith. 
Keep ya, head on straight: don't never turn ya back 
It's going down just like that. 
 
Never Surrender Always Remember 
 
Staying on that war zone mentality. Reality is art 
And. This is frontline love 
Reinforcement for our forces. 
Somebody got ta step up up and become a voice for the voiceless 
Teach, our youth, about back before the poison 
So. They can balance out their choices. 
And see the trap before they step in it 
By. Now we already know how you go out and get it 
Don't get offended. See greed make the smartest muthaf*ka get stupid. 
Now rap is like a hustle. They don't even honor the music 
Don't be scare to stand strong, put yo thinking, cap on 
And tilt that ... 
Here hit this ... 
Don't even trip ... 
Don't event trip ... 
Never Surrender, Always Remember: 
, 
Yes 
Because, right now through the truthful revelations that we have To deal with
and face in our own homes, where our own hearts' at 
And right within our own families in our own communities, 
We got ta, step up and step out and fix 
Some of these situations, 
 
In other words. Our conversations need some elevation 
You understand what I'm saying. 
It'S for real..It might be normal to some ya know, and It might be strange and
unheard of to others. ... 
But. Can you identify your enemy? I mean really 
What was you sent here for 
Everything happens for a reason. What did you happen for 
You got ta ask yaself ... 
All across the Planet Rock we show love 
It's a survival instinct. We barely get a chance to bllnk out here. 
Spittin' these lines. Standing up being a spine, 
And being a strength representing generations of intelligence, 
Like that
 
