Never See Me Again Lyrics
by Two-9.


Jack Daniels in my hand, I.
don't do percs need xan.
Think yo baby mama is a fan, lame niggas scram.
Yo bitch miss Piggie goin' ham.
Don't make her bo peep when she hop up in that Lamb.
Niggas in the street don't give a hoova dam.
But I like a Hoosier I'm a rooster for the fam.
Used to be a loser, now I'm worth a hundred grand.
Not here for the fuck shit, check isn't up.
It ain't up fo' discussion.
We rollin' blunts, they like 12 32.
Its 4:30 now, what the fuck I'mma do with like all of these blunts and.
Smokin' weed till I don't know where the sun is.
Me and myself and I mean what the fuck shit.
Drugs is like all that I fuck with.
And all of these bad bitches love it.
And know that the good got the label.
Good gas good gas know that I blow it.
If you got a pro'lem, nigga say it!
Othawise, muthafucka, don't show it!
And I swear to god inner light.
Karina if it's poppin' ho.
But if you wanna go fo' it.
Green light, it's a fuckin' go.

Swae Lee x 2.
I just need a fuckin' bitch to put the shag on.
Then I'll be someone that you can turn your back on.
I'll hypnotize you early in the AM.
Swear you'll never hear from me again.

What's up haters, tell me how have you been?
I haven't seen your face since I was a kid.
Say lil fam, oh, he's ahead of the rest.
I don't do nothin' that I'm gonna regret.
I know somebody's been lookin' for me.
I know somebody's been by my money machine.
I found a band in my washin' machine.
And they only playin' Washington's.
I'm on the shroom, soon the room is going zoom zoom.
This that new school, straight out the lagoon, doom.
Man, I count the fuckin' cake like I'm an ex con.
Lamborghini, wax off, chop, wax on.

Swae Lee x 2.

Swae Lee &amp; Jace.
Five iPhones trappin' at once.
I need some five iPhones trippin' at once.
And I got two bad bitches kissin' each other.
And they don't even know what the fuck they even want.
They want, have fun with a young rich nigga.
They wanna, have fun with a young rich nigga.

Luckily, I'm a young rich nigga.
And I need some bad bitch and told her come with nigga.
Know nothin bout the room, only who went wit us.
Gotta big ass room in the back of the villa and I'm packing the killa.
Few girls, couple black and the rest of em manilla.
Got some cups we can fill up.
And i don't wanna know her.
I Just wanna feel her.
You gon fuck and forget her, it ain't nothin i figure.
Cause when i wake up, probably won't give a fuck.
I dont fuckin remember, like fuckin remember.
And, uhh. jack daniels in my hand.
Now I'm on perks, fuck xans.
Tell the muhfucka I'm the man.
Sink that, off bat, nigga know that, understand.
They watching me like.... like a nigga ondemand.
True story, I ain't playin.
Fuck a motherfucka ?

Swae Lee x 2.

