Never Happen Lyrics
by Woop.


I ain't p-p-playing with them bitches.
Bad bitch in the kitchen always do the dishes.
I'ma keep it chilling with the choppa.
My niggas get in and they whipping Betty Crocker.
She don't even care that I stutter.
I'm in love with money, I'll never ever love her.
Whip a cannon out on these sour apple suckers.
I don't break bread with a buster.
Nigga never seen it, never happen.
I don't even know what you talking ‘bout.
So why the fuck you asking me what happened?
Nigga never seen it, he ain't never seen it.
I be playing blind as a bat.
I'ma hold it down for the real niggas.
No Mickey Mouse, I'll never ever rat.
Nigga never seen it, never happen.
I'ma tell a fuck nigga first ?
Boy don't play with me cause ?
She g-g-g-g-gone off Patron.
Stutter on a bitch, she n-n-never coming home.
? on site, he done took one to the dome.
Woop'll tell these pussy niggas what the fuck you on.

Juice Boyz KT.
Pussy nigga ain't got it, all my niggas get it.
Juice Boyz, Woop Lingo, 700 tripping.
Got a molly plug, put Juice in the city.
6 12 chrome heat, you can ?
Gave the wrong nigga money, big balling ain't a secret.
Run up, I'ma bust you, real talk, no blather.
Man I used to have nothing now I got 6 figures.
No deal, drug deal, fuck nigga cop a deal.
Tell them crackers ? if I lose my appeal.
Real niggas keep it real, fuck niggas don't live.
Got the choppa, ?, pulled up and get stupid.
I'll body, just loosing, real life, no rap.
Bust a shot, nobody pussy talking to the cops.
And we them niggas over here, fuck them niggas over there.
I'ma tell you niggas ?, we beefing I'm coming to kill ya.
Can't find ya, I'm clapping your people.
Talking about me and you are not equal.
Super OG, ask about what I been through.
Don't break bread with a buster, we'll never do rap game.
? Took over ?}.

2 bad bitches ate each other pussy.
I ain't know it's c-c-c-c-coca.
Shoe box filled with baby blue knots.
Woop got more ?
I don't like that broke bitch, I like oak.
Bitch send them knots, they call me Mister Band Band.
Stomp a nigga out, they call me Timberland ?
Robin fit, kill a nigga, choppa jet lag.
MDMA, off a molly grip, I get to geeking taking shots just like a bar.
Crack a nigga egg on some Humpty Dumpty shit.
Humpty Dumpty must a ?, ho.
I'm the type of nigga rob the corner sto'.
Pull up camouflage, all black, John Doe.
Sold him fake Xans and a sugar rope of dope.
? Cups with me and KT.
I'ma do whatever I got to do and make all these pussy niggas hate me.
Choppa ? like the Army.
Play the game dirty, real dirty, Magic Johnson.
R-E-S-P-E-C-T, they gon' respect me.
Playing money games, I'll f-fuck a nigga up.
Whole house filled with ?
Aye lady, tell your son to pay up.
Claim he riding foreign but I've never seen it.
Claim he selling work but we ain't ever seen it.
All my niggas beef like Burger King.
Hole in him size of a onion ring.

