New Music Coming Soon Lyrics
by Tyler Tracey.


I don't know if it's fate that chooses our path or if we do.
Either way I'm up the river on a broken Sea Doo.
You can jump and scream but it's like they don't see you.
Everyone got opinions but none of them could be you.
Or be me, I been in the shit.
I've sold drugs, ran from cops, I been in the shit.
I've slept with loose women, I been in the bitch.
I cracked my life early now it seems impossible to fix.
But give me that fix, I said give me that feeling.
Like I'm standing on top of the world, standing on the ceiling.
Feeling so good but I'm suppose to be healing.
I said I was gonna sober up but now I'm back to stealing.
I can't control myself any longer.
Suicidal thoughts won't stop now I'm really starting to ponder.
I'll chop another line and I'll pack another bowl.
I'm losing my soul but don't know ‘cause my mind's a wander.
I been working so hard but it ain't never enough.
‘Cause these bills aren't paid off off of art &amp; love.
And they say I'm throwin' my life away just to get that puff.
But I got the connections so I rarely pay for the stuff.
I just do a lil work, a lil hustle to keep me going.
I made a mistake getting into the game but I gotta keep going.
My Momma think I'm a fool for this chaos that I'm showing.
But if only she could see that my heart is still growing.
I'm just tryna be a man, tryna get on the right plan.
I wanna show my family what I'm doing so they could understand.
But they could never begin to comprehend.
Because they don't feel the need to spend what I spend.
I buy an O for the low and flip it for the profit.
But make sure you got the work before you cop it.
‘Cause if you don't have the plug's money by the next day.
You'll spend you next night asleep in a coffin.
I been through so much shit in these last couple of years.
That I've discovered some new ways to cope with my fears.

Either way the main goal is to get rid of these tears.
I don't fuck with my peers ‘cause they don't speak the truth.
Last year one of my best friends flipped on me over loot.
I was crushed plus he had his goons on me.
He knew where I lived so I kept that harpoon on me.
And that's just one case, friendships aren't safe.
Brothers will flip back &amp; forth depending if they getting laid.
And so many homies braggin' about getting paid.
But wouldn't by a tickets to my show, these muthafuckas is fake.
Every homie of mine has said I'm the realest emcee.
But when it came time to support me nobody answered me.
This disease of betrayal is spreading like a Cancer be.
So Imma just do me and keep my stance b.
I sacrifice for this music and in return I got student loans.
Debt collectors always calling up my cell phone.
And the wrong type of people have been in my home.
Now do you see why I'm always stoned?
I'm working three jobs to not even pay the bills, it's depressing.
And this music inside wants out but I'm suppressing.
Because I can't afford to do this music right.
And if it ain't right, it won't drop, real Hip-Hop.
I'm rappin' in my bedroom again but the album in a studio.
Urban got it clean so you can hear my dirty flow.
So high it feels like I just smoked a thirty O.
And if you've heard about greatness then you've heard of me, whoa.
Dear Mom, this music is everything I am.
I know I have failed before but under God I am only man.
I just ask to hold on if you can.
And let me show you my view from where I stand X2.

Oh shit.
I'm driving at like a hundred a second.
If you close ya eyes ya might lose ya life in a second.
I crash.
Swerve off the exit ramp, I'm drunk as a champ.
In a van with a tramp with a stamp, now watch me vamp.
Like whoa.
In a speedy Lambo with a dime hoe, with a dime flow.
See me in a mine shinin', all good, froze cold.
Whoa.
Whoa.
My feet seen defeat but still not beat.
Concrete car seat for the Royce on Wall Street.
But in the back street I seen crack eat.
So I'm runnin' through these packs like a damn track meet.
I'm famished, this damage and anguish.
Caused by some delayed shit.
So this stainless will leave you brainless &amp; faceless.
My only language is to give you brain damage.

I ain't got no money.
It ain't no secret though.
That's how this goes, the girl turn hoe.
The weed turn blow, the rain turn snow.
And I still ain't got my gold though?
But the foreplay is over, I'm done fucking slow.
Imma be a rockstar at every show.
The Reaper to every fucking foe.
And if you turn on me you'd better fucking know.
This chrome .45 light up my fucking shadow.
I'm rockin' no vest, you behind plexiglass.
I got the speed and the weed for my dizzy ass.
Roll up a Swisher Sweet for my messy past.
Roll up a Swisher Sweet to make a memory last.
You blank with a dead stare.
It's a mess of lies under your head hair.
You full of more acting than Fred Astaire.
Stop asking if I'm hungry for the title.
When you can hear and see I got the rifle.
I'm spiteful, put.
my vitals on vinyl.
I could die tomorrow and lose my lifecycle.
But an album could be my revival.
My lyrics could be a lost soul's bible.
I could possibly be the next disciple.
I know that sounds entitled but that's called survival.
See my Mom is my idol so family is tribal.
I wanna see a million just for performing a recital.
That day I can say “Mom go on vacay”.
Is my destination so I'll smile upon arrival.
Stackin' cheddar is the only motive anymore.
Fork in the road, success could be behind any door.
Marriage could lie with any whore.
But hoes are hoes so I don't trust love anymore.
Please God, tell me it ain't true.
Tell me all that they said, none of it ain't true.
Give me a miracle, fuck it, let me do.
Won't let this work waste, I swear to you.
Fire like an arson, finer than a margin.
Slicker than some margarine, I'm about to harshen.
The soft garden, so harden muthafuckas.
‘Cause I'm rushing the throne like a Spartan muthafucka.

It's better getting harder than ever.
So I been going harder than ever.
Like I'm fuckin' whippin' in the kitchen.
Goin' in with the Arm &amp; Hammer.
Not doing this for the cars &amp; glamour.
I just want all the bars &amp; campers.
I'm living life like a cloak &amp; dagger.
I'm gaspin' for air while I choke &amp; stagger.
Mirrors break all around me.
Because I hate my reflection.
The man standing in the mirror is not the man I am.
The Devil lies, I swear this is deception.
The drugs, the crime, all the bullshit &amp; lies.
The amount of time I've seen tears in eyes.
And all I wanna do is fucking record these lines.
‘Cause I don't wanna go out as anything less then a legend.
I been calling God but now I got good reception.
He sent me a sign and I got the message.
That night I got fired, what was my intentions?
I put those pills down, thank you for that blessing.
And I promise to listen and I promise to get it.
And when I reap the money my family will benefit.
Get them straight, maybe party a bit.
Make the world a better place to raise my children in.
That's the ultimate goal, the final end result.
I still got beef to air out, some wounds still filled with salt.

Of all my damage from my self-destructive assault.
I'm coming back Hip-Hop, new music coming soon.
I been fired, car quit, my rent is overdue.
Student loans plus my “off-the-record” bills too.
I'm feeling like a failure in the eyes of my crew.
But I'm back Hip-Hop and new music coming soon.
I will either die in the war with my gun &amp; my platoon.
Or I will live to give my family a damn tycoon.
Either way you'll catch me with a smile and a big ol' “Fuck You.

