New Kings Lyrics
by VNCHY.


It's the new king kind of flow.
Nat King Cole thing kind of flow.
Nigga's like hold up, hold up.
You hear this shit something you should be honoured for.
Flow like Cole but never, have I, ever, seen a, guy before.
Rhyme before like God before.
Sounding like I blew up six times before.
Huh, shit I'm a north side nigga.
Winning but what's happening on your side nigga?
Right, I've been leaving niggas thinking that the.
Rhythm that I'm bringing made the north side bigger.
Not the oldest but coldest out.
Like Yeezy when Otis out.
I say this so you know what's up man I told em.
Fuck you rappers I be after all you suckers shit.
Word on the street is Lord VNCHY's all they fucking with.
What's a degree when a million is what you out to get.
Just call me Justin, just in time you just the opposite.
No wonder man.

I said designers on our physical.
Hoes is something typical.
Don't need ObamaCare.
When you puffing on medicinal.
My niggas thinking criminal.
Lames in our peripheral.
It really isn't fair when your shit is so original.

Diamonds and diamonds.
All my niggas been shining.
Keep reminding you niggas that you can't deny us.
Got me a team, we're all supreme.
But we don't wear the attire.
Grinding so much I don't hit but I'm telling hoes leave when I'm tired.
There ain't a bitch or a nigga I admire.
They take the hit, I'm the supplier.
Making this crack, they call it rap.
Have you heard someone speak like that?
It's that new real shit that we on.
Get the Patron I'm out of my zone.
With all these girls here, taking one home.
Ain't cutting checks so leave me alone.
Because.

Straight out the.
Cold capital never heard none like him before.
Hear me for I ignite lightning with every syllable.
Hear me for the shit I'm writing is somewhat biblical.
Here the hoes fancy their romeos with designer clothes.
You're so typical, you're all so typical.
I promise VNCHY is the missing link in your videos.
Put me in that shit.
Let me spit something that's way below your temperature.
Canada's dumb struck I guess they really froze.
Forget 'bout the day after tomorrow.
Boy this ain't a movie you spend money to borrow.
Higher levels like Mario watched like the Sopranos.
I'm Netflix how I block busters you need to follow.
Huh, no question someone you should invest in.
Married to that music met no bitch worth investing in.
For your protection I'm quite cold hearted.
Put the business over pleasure.
That's why them girls departed.
Because.

