Nice Lyrics
by Antonym.


These little kids at the gas station 
It impressed me that these little kids was like 14 
And. They pumping people's gas 
Instead of taking the money like. I would be that's the easy way. 
They pumping people's gas - and you know people is cruel. 
They'Ll give you a quarter after watching you inhale vapors and everything. 
They give you a quarter for pumping gas 
And. I gave the little kids like 50 bucks. They was like Ohh Ohh. Thank you, 
But that teaches them the worst 
That teaches them that when you work hard and be responsible, there's a reward
for that 
And. I think that, just like, I did that corporations can do that 
And on a big level. You know 
Just, like imagine if a corporation just sent a representative and said 
Go hang out in that playground and when you tell me, you see the one 
Whatever kid is the coolest and shares the ball or lets the most people. Play
Basketball 
We gon give him a scholarship. 
You know how many things you know cause that would bring hope. 
You know what I'm saying: There's no hope. 
And, there's not going to be too many more Christmases without hope. 
You know what I'm saying Not to make it just about Christmas: 
There's not going to be too many more days without hope. 
 
I used to be nicer than everybody 
But. That was back when everybody was on that playground. 
Singing around. I don't know what
happened to me, but look at me now: 
I've evolved from innocence to Brenda's tits like wow 
Yeah, you jealous, I would be too 
You're disgusted, I'm disgusted. If they compare me to you, 
I feel, like I see everything and ya'll are blind people blindfolded, 
Ignorant, Syltherin slice, your kidneys out. Have you crying for them back 
I felt that feeling of making that first rack 
Felt that feeling of making that first track 
Scared for you're chain? No, you worried bout. Getting your purse snatched 
Kidnap the jewlery get that pearl cashed, oof 
Shots shots, bang bitch, I'm coming 
Let's sign, Antonym nah! That thing can't get summoned. 
Omnipresent narrator editor! This a one man show 
I walk a tight one, Philipe Petit, but walk as far as man can go. 
 
Yeah, I'm that dude, who raps 
Couldn't care less for the judge, like I'm innocent 
Couldn't care less for the grudge not an inch for it, 
Couldn't care. Less for the drugs pass me some dap 
And show a homie that you got him 
Hid in some shadows, made beats, looks like Batman's back in Gotham 
Posse possum got some weasels that drive crazy, like drunk vin diesel, 
Nevertheless, evil, Evil, Knievel 
I got so litterary. It'S scary, 
So many books in the bag. It'S hard to carry 
What happened. What happened? 
 
\ -- Tribe Sounds --. 
, 
Somebody messed up the test. Tubes 
She got them pressed-up, laminated plastic 
Just for sex boobs. I ain't about just making out in the restroom 
I ain't shaving shit. This girl deserves my fucking best pubes 
Confess to who dress up like the preist. I know all your secrets, 
Check yourself, your history and who sees it. 
I read it. I read it: 
I read it. I read it
 
