Niggas Just Jock Me Lyrics
by 415.


Niggas just jock me: they try to clock me. 
I ain't havin that cause I'm the L to the o, the c 
I'm, not weak or soft, like a geek 
I'm, a mack to the world as if I was Goldie 
Brothers, need to know exactly where I'm comin from 
I knock a nigga out the box. Like a champion, 
Won't give a fuck if you duck and try to miss one 
I come again with the pump shotgun 
A bitch tried to diss. Excuse me miss 
I'm D, muthafuckin Loc. I don't give a shit 
About yo nigga. I pull the trigger on his ass 
Spit on the punk, then laugh 
Yo, another day, another nigga. What the fuck 
One mo' sucker to bite the dust 
Now, I'm on a gangster tip straight ruthless 
Wanted by the police for killin up a trooper 
You got ta catch me to arrest me 
Cause yo. I hold a grudge on a nigga with a billy club. 
I'Ma die hard. That'S my job. 
To straighten out niggas that try to get what I got 
They, don't understand what I'm sayin man, 
Mister police, niggas, just jock me 
 
Deion's, the name that was given to me. 
But, I'm D-Loc when I chill with the posse 
Show respect to a brother: that's a mack 
And! If you don't me and the homies'll just rat pack 
Muthafuckas know Loc is on a rampage 
You better duck. When I bust, my 12-guage 
I might move on a fool with a small gat 
Lounge in the cut catch him slippin, then jack 
Now. I just came up like a genius 
Fat Benzo with vogues and zeniths 
Hit, the strip slammin'Groupie Ass, Bitch' 
See, all the hoes lookin. It'S time to get pussy 
Hey cutie, you right. There 
Tell your friend behind you to come over here. 
And get with a real man. Stop playin with a punk 
Only chumps drive mini trucks. 
You got a feelin boy, Don't sleep 
You feel like a frog, Then leap. 
Hah step to me, if you want to 
But, be sure that you got a attitude 
And a Uzi to back you 
Niggas, don't trip when I shoot gift: 
Mister police, niggas, just jock me: 
 
I'm from the Oakland streets, there's no peace, 
The 415, don't jive! We take lives, see 
You might think you can get with me. 
But Daryl's in the back with a sub-machine 
Niggas get offended. When I play this 
But you got ta, give me credit cause, I'm so dedicated 
I, don't front. This is from the heart punk 
He. That disagrees, D-Loc will just stomp 
That's the routine. I don't give a fuck 
Niggas jock cause. That'S the name of this cut 
So. I expect that from young comrades 
They get mad, but they can't do shit about it. 
Goin out, like suckers, stupid muthafuckas got dicks 
But. They cry like bitches or snitches 
Or'Snitches 
