Night Lyrics
by 4AM.


As the sun sets.
The day grows dry.
I'll get into bed and close my eyes.

Something captures me.
Takes hold of my sight.
I've grown a love that new.
Night.

Up at night late when I'm ready to sleep.
Just gotta close my eyes tight, and count down sheep.
Then all the thoughts from the day flood my thoughts.
It's like a razor blade, slicing swift, its too damn hot.
Never mind im not, maybe im just cold.
I'll put one leg out, weaving sheet and blanket folds.
Then my eyes spring open, and the fire begins.
Why is it now, and not then, that my day must begin.
I get up walk around, I try hard not to pace.
All for naught, I'm just walking and my steps I retrace.
That's alright, I didn't want to go to sleep tonight.
Too much work, too much thought, all part of my inner fight.
And I'm afraid i truly am, the fear is deep inside of me.
Where will all these thoughts go when i drift off to sleep.
I'll remember me from a dream i could have had a tough break.
Luckily, just for me, its dawn, and I'm still awake.

It's four a.m. somewhere.

And the tossing and the turning, no it never grows old.
I kind of like the insomnia running through my bones.
And if someones gonna ask me why I'm so tired.
I'll look at em with teary eyes and tell em that I'm really quite wired.
Never mind I'm not, maybe I'm just weird.
I have the shadow from the night before, its ugly head has reared.
And when if find myself stuggling to get this in one take.
I'll reboot with some caffeine, maybe you can relate.
Relations stop there, its at the ceiling i stare.
With heavy thoughts and heavy hands, and slight fears for nightmares.
I just hope that i will become brave one night, so i can truly be the victor.
of this tiring inner fight.
I don't wanna be afraid, and thats the truth I'm telling you.
I'm tired of being tired, and my own self abuse.
I'll be sober, ill be free in my sweet escape.
Luckily just for me its dawn, and I'm still awake.

Luckily just for me its dawn, and I'm still awake.

It's four a.m. somewhere.

