Nineteen Ninety Lyrics
by Tyler Luke.


I just ate breakfast at Tiffany's on a Sunday.
Eating cinnamon flavored timpanis on a side plate.
Rhymes Doused in hennessy with a side of cheerios.
And a dub of insulin with a fifth of methanol.
Sit down, close your ears and listen with your eyes.
Look deep into the stars and start to envision the skies.
Stacking Heads in the guillotine.
Coughin and Choking like a.
Histamine in a limousine.
Maybe they'll remember me.
But there's always that chance they won't and then forget.
That's why I need to give it my all until there's nothing left.
Young wu tang, biting with my fang into the game.
Imagining Chugging tang on the Milky Way in my brain.
I could be insane like Einstein or Copernicus.
Young Dracula, her neck is what I'll kiss next.
Leaving these simple ass rappers coughing in a coffin.

And I'm still saying non sense.

You can take away my eyes, you can take away my guide.
But you can't take my dreams they will stick by my side.
You can take away my fingers, limbs, hands and sight.
But you can't take away my light and ability to write.
It was only due time until 90s rap came back.
The era of du rags and 8 tracks and Illmatic.
Hiding the Madvillian vinyl in my back pack.
Smooth vibe rhymes with the drums that boom bap.
Clap clap, beat flowing the rule of the metronome.
Filibuster, little buster busting on the microphone.
The clocks ticking, the bells ringing and the birds singing.
Shooting for the fences every single time I'm swinging.
Im only seventeen, living the dream within my vision.
My grand scheme is to be a seraph whenever I have risen.
Writing rhymes since the year MCMXCVI.
Always watching close with my mind and my third eye.
Quasimodo, flow bueno while your rhymes are roto.
The bees are humming along while the birds are puffing cocoa.
I drop a few bars and rappers go loco barking like toto.
But....

Dark memories, paper, pens drawing imaginary friends.
Recite my lyrics, you better fear it like the sixth sense.
Ah.
X2.

Hum along.

