No Cure For Sugar Lyrics
by Z-Man.

Sample.
I'm kinda dirty, I'm dirtier than hella dirty.
? no bitch, then fuck you.

Yeah, never drinking soda; what the fuck is that shit?
Stop eating donuts; y'all need to grow up.
So what? y'all ain't gotta listen, pissing corn syrup.
Addicted to cancer like there's some type of cure for it.
Fiend for nicotine, chemotherapy; please.
By all means, we all fiends; you can't get off the coffee.
Never eating candy but I will smoke a sweetie.
That's a chewy; that's a grinny and I used to smoke a bidi.
And graffiti breathing in the fumes.
Vegans don't eat mushrooms cause they breathe too.
Ain't nothing new about eating shrooms and fucking sluts.
In hotels with toenails that stick out of the hotel room.
Swine? juice; college rausy? damped is the carpet.
Sunny del chick on top of the dick won't quit.
Full of e pills; r.d. kills.
We ain't trippin'.
Four hours of sleep and still ain't trippin'.

No cure for sugar.
No cure for cancer.
No cure for aids unless you got mad paper.

This song is for the girls kissing girls.
Little children drinking liquor til they url.
Inhale; exhale.
White women getting black dick.
And getting called a fucking sell-out.
By a black chick who's sexually active.
Still calling Asians orientals.
Broke brothers up in Mr. Bling Bling's paying for dentals.
Splitting swisher sweets open; looking for fame.
Brainwashed by the t.v.; it's time to get paid.
I can feel 'em, I live in Lakeview.
Where everybody's out to get ya.
Bullets don't have smiles when they hit ya.
Bullets don't have brains, bullets don't have names.
Bullets don't get the blame, you're the one who took aim.
And you're mad.
Cause I didn't go with you to your abortion appointment.
Freak, it wasn't my baby anyway who died young.
Didn't get a chance to say moms.
Cause you knew that the see-mon didn't belong to z-mon.
Christmas tree, dissing me cause I went r.d.
And a young fresh cock that got H.I.V.
You dying slow, begging that i go to hell.
But why bother?
You the one who had sex with your gay father.
We share the same bloodline and STD's.
Love is a disease, how could we do these things?

No cure for sugar.
No cure for cancer.
No cure for aids unless you got mad paper.

Sample.

Sample.
Ha ha ha ha haa!
Aw you know, stroke getting.
Surprise me all the time brother.

Yo the free base mack is back; the coke leader in fact.
I'm in the house like a roach egg about to hatch.
The rap trap breaking the bone; nose on a cat.
Who wanted the cheese but lactose intolerant.
Smack you; swallow your teeth.
And they had to fire me for.
Spitting Pepsi in the face of Bill O'Reilly.
Wettin' 'em up and bootleggin', six hundred sold.
Sometimes I'm eighteen or even twenty years old.
But right now, I'm twenty-three going on twenty-two.
'bout to roll up some red dust and blow it at you.
But before I do I spill out.
I seen eyes brew all over the turf.
R.I.P. go out the crew.
Nut the rebel the ghetto stay glued to my brain.
So when I'm spitting something savage.
You can see what I'm saying I start burning.

Sample.

You ready really?

