No Master Plan No Master Race Lyrics
by 3rd Bass.

Mc Serch 
Set to decide who's on the inside track. 
But, you slack and so another dive 
And you lounge, but who's shoes. Would you be in 
Wake up it's time to respect the Nubian 
Flag of a people fightin every day, 
For their own say so children can go out to play. 
And stray from the tyranny. While blood is drippin B, 
I ain't, no flapjack, don't bother. Flippin me 
I! Stick to this so say this: while you're grazin 
Original man's a black man, said by a caucasian 
Watchin a culture be stolen from Asia, 
Whether minor or major science. I swayed y'all 
With lingo, some people don't think so. 
When. Do you stop sayin? That'S the way things go 
Time to manifest the quest. That'S hard to digest. 
The companies are frontin Pete. Why don't? They divest 
And, invest in freedom, but they scheme on a brother, 
Stealin trunk jewelry, that's MILES, undercover 
So discover as a people. We have to take our place. 
There is no master plan because there is no master race, 
 
No ghetto, no master, race.. 
Let. Both sides unite in peace.., 
, 
Pete, Nice 
Science for seasons years and days. 
A preacher follows his prejudice. The drummer plays 
Off the evils of men, love bones and flesh. 
A brother's keeper keeps puttin peace to rest, 
Question props and the prophets agreed ya. Heed 
Dust to dust herbs, yieldin seeds of 
Creation, of cultures to street sound 
You get run around, but I run the booty down. 
No master plan, the masses, all struggle, 
Slug movements, bungle, our serpent - is subtle. 
Hatred born in diversity of culture spoke, 
Ignorance got the last straw. The camel's broke, 
Change up wisdom, wise and stick to tools. 
One called slavemaster's son by a poor fool, 
I ain't, the hypocrite fit with the two-face 
There's, no master plan, there's no master race, 
 
No ghetto, no master, race.. 
Let. Both sides unite in peace.. 
 
MC, Serch, 
The creators. Creations are put to side 
You, see one wants greed and then slide 
Into that all-about-me frame of mind 
And keep the truth away from the blind. 
You got ta find out who is who and who built this place. 
I play spy and try to destroy the race. 
We go the wrong way. The wrong play master 
The same people that got the Gas Face last year, 
Tears shed as another head gets put to. Bed 
Paradise is a paradox. The devil's ridin sleds 
Over skulls that dulls all the truth, 
It's. The reason why we need to raise the roof 
To look to the heavens as the master's one plan 
We stand to help the birth of just one man, 
The master's plan, the master's race shackled to a shelf 
In, a book that you need to find for yourself. 
I stand accused but never abuse the Sunday 
Cause when I'm gone I'll only go one way: 
 
No ghetto, no master, race.. 
Let. Both sides unite in peace.., 
, 
Pete, Nice 
I ain't, a master; no, I'm not superior 
So. Why you tryin to play one as inferior? 
Fears in hearts of the ignorant belligerents 
Ever since those convinced of lost innocence, 
Got off the tip, slippin sticks and stones, 
Homes are broken or fractured. Like bones. 
Who holds your soul as the master. Your dollar spent 
Evidence of dictators, gone hellbent, 
In times of old, the races, vicked power, many places, 
Seperate races in segregated spaces 
Back. In the day, you turned your backs on 
Deals in doom. So now the deally lays the cracks on 
Sold. More then sold forth from South to North 
Swingin low on supremacy's corpse 
Of course not. Steppin out of place is in place, 
Question. Those on the question of race, 
, 
No ghetto, no master, race.. 
Let. Both sides unite in peace... 
Both sides begin anew the quest for peace.. 
 
No ghetto, no master, race.. 
Let. Both sides unite in peace.. 
Both sides begin anew. The quest for peace.. 
Both sides begin anew. The quest for peace.. 
Both sides begin anew. The quest for peace.. 
Both sides begin anew. The quest for peace..
 
