No Sleep (iTunes Version) Lyrics
by Sway UK.


I went to the mountains.
Fell in love with the peace.
But no matter how hard I try.
I just can't get no sleep.

Yeah, yeah Sway has arrived.
Keeping you up through the day and the night.
Some wanna be ballers, some wanna be G's.
Saturday night fever, we're staying alive.
It's the day in the life, roaming the streets.
Hands in the air if you know you're a.
Let them phone the police, we never hide.
Divisions but we never came here to fight.
Better press to top 5 there ain't no, ain't no challenge.

We practise and train in a place where there ain't no cameras.

You better get ready like a sub when the bass goes bang.

We climb up tables and we don't even take no ladders, they'll be looking like.
where's your table manners?
Let's go.

I went to the mountains.
Fell in love with the peace.
But no matter how hard I try.
I just can't get no sleep.
I said I just can't get no sleep.
I said I just can't get no sleep.
I said I just can't get no.
Just can't get no.
Just can't get no sleep.

K-S-I yes, I'm an all.
nighters I don't like rest.
Nothing on me at my best.
Selena Gomez you've got nice.
24/7 I aim for the heavens, even when I was eleven.
Heaven was finding the seven, minutes alone in my bedroom.
AAAAARRRGGGHHH.
Hear that sound, heartbeat beating.
Going so fast you can see that I'm Beasting.
No sleep, no sleep, no sleep.
You won't see any cause I ate my sheep.
Let's get messy like Lionel.
Get hyper as a mosh this pit.
I'm on this B@*^%.
No one can stop me.
Out of my way let me finish this properly.

Deep breath, here goes, it's super Swah.
On top of the mountain, no it never gets lonely when you're going for the cup.
And getting them round in with the whole team, no stopping until we're holding.
a trophy.

Alright Tubes, you show me, but you got one bar and one bar only.
Sum those up on the way to the top.

I said I just can't get no sleep.
I said I just can't get no sleep.
I said I just can't get no.
Just can't get no.
Just can't get no sleep.

