Nobody Lyrics
by X Blake Freeman X.


I'm a Scene rapper with Southern traditions.
I don't belong in a league I'm my own division.
I know the game well cause I've beat every mission.
Rap callin' me the new cat now, ok now listen.
Unheard of's - blowin' up - from television auditions.
I nearly killed myself before I ever made a livin'.
Where's the grind - that time - spent in the kitchen.
The dozens of shows you never made a commission.
Where's the years of dreams, hope, and ambition.
There's a million like you we don't need a new addition.
From cliche rappers dependin' on lyrical repetition.
See I'm the one who see's what rap's been missin'.
See I'm the one who see's no one else with my vision.
You think my sailor hat is limited edition.
You laugh at me, I smile, you fell for brand recognition.
Now tell me who the hell like me and in this same position.

Nobody in this same position and ever will be.
Nobody - Nobody - Nobody.
Nobody can ever take this away from me.
Nobody - Nobody - Nobody.
Nobody in this same position and ever will be.
Nobody - Nobody - Nobody.
Nobody can ever take this away from me.
Nobody - Nobody - Nobody.

In this position years ago I would've been impressed.
This happening to me I never would have guessed.
People who don't know me, copyin' how I dress.
Tellin' me I'm the future, tellin' me I'm the best.
That's not true, I just tell em' that I'm blessed.
Certain shows I couldn't be at now I'm a welcomed guest.
Haters see me out in public and take pictures for their text.
Send it to their friends like ''You won't believe who I just met''.
Best believe I was scene bein' Scene in that brown leather.
Jacket that I wear no matter what the weather.
Started rap just writin' love letters - makin' momma feel better.
Knowin' nothin' - studyin' daddy's prison letters.
Them pages created my life story now we live together.
Happily as a family, and god damn I say it prouudly.
Waiting till I bring home LT yeah undoubtedly.
Steady busy keepin' haters talkin' about me.

Nobody in this same position and ever will be.
Nobody - Nobody - Nobody.
Nobody can ever take this away from me.
Nobody - Nobody - Nobody.
Nobody in this same position and ever will be.
Nobody - Nobody - Nobody.
Nobody can ever take this away from me.
Nobody - Nobody - Nobody.

Acapella.

Is it still recording?
It's nothing new - I'm accustomed to the view.
Listenin' to my parents tryna plot their next move.
Maybe move to Florida maybe quit their new job.
Maybe sell it all - move back in with Grandma.
The bills pile up they can't see the table.
Family wishes they could help but their not even able.
I'm not Martin Luther King but I still have a dream.
Where families don't struggle over petty little things.
Like get the car fixed or have food this week.
I know maybe cause I'm white or wear skinny jeans.
Or look so good my life has been just clean - but it's not.
I never wanted my fans to know any of my struggles.
So I'm making songs about girls till I get over the hurdle.
I never wanted to blow up by being a charity case.
That's not the reason I want you to remember my face.
Appreciate my talent or at least my hard work.
I don't have to be your favorite rapper.
I'm proud bein' your worst.
Yeah as long as you know me that's a win in my book.
So just step closer take another look.
Yeah, I'm not Nobody.

