Nocturnal Vibe Lyrics
by Vivekverma.

Interlude 
Hey buddy. What time it is now: 
Its sharp 10 o clock boy 
Oh its my time to go; bed count to sheep and hit the sack 
So. Here i go 
 
I wake in hypnic jerk when nightmare 
Always bug me outta, sleep fight, fear, as might twice 
Headphones on my head is blare. I feel vigour 
Back to normal found ink to smear for my rhymes, clear 
Now. I can sense a scent of excitment inside of music science 
Its night, my eyes, lookin sky too much bright and shine so clock 
Tickin in drippin sound and i mighta been thinkin 
When. The sun is out off the horrizon swimmin and 
Gust of wind blowin voices. In my head is sanguine: 
I wished upon a shootin star, walk a mile and take a smile, 
Imma, cold soul, roving on the road alone, prayin to almighty, god- 
Salvage me off this world of dark 
Vivek. You need to be the underneath of the lotus feet. 
And dont, you need to worry hearin every single word m everywhere in accord 
For the back support. So the fact i heard yer soul 
Hands on my head, though, fall to my knees. 
Everything, u said real, i can feel its trance that just 
Build the strength on my weak shoulder blade 
When. I was cuz trust, bleak, shy and awkward. Ehh 
But, i swear the love we share is rare and more fatastical 
The whole world knows yer mysticism and thanks 
A lot for this causeless mercy that ya 
Bestow upon me: god, whoa-a-ow, 
, 
Without of music. My life is broken: peice of glass, 
Marshall, mather. The only reason of this magic that have 
Had happened mostly chaneled, my life station 
Through dead to wagon back exact 
 
Life, is full of suprises either that its more hoard 
Even, though it open door for new ejoyment 
The sky, is fallin with a cloud of love. 
Must be just to bust the dust of the ego and a buggin lust 
So focus. Strong 
Life is so beautifull and honey. Sweet 
And everyday is a whole new chapter. Illuminin 
And, its echo, follow till tommorow. Today is the process 
With a shadow 
Now. I know i already hit the lotto in a pronto 
I come around to sing this song for everyone, hey 
He me you and they on my way, 
In the empty pocket, not a penny in the pants 
Walkin down to the lane. 
M back in my attic and the sun is out 
I guess what i hear is: birds chirpin all around 
M back in my attic and the sun is out. 
So night is gone m cock a hoop and almost cool 
Ya'll unite with divine for rest of life. For all good 
, 
Yo yo wait its time to cheerio from a studio, so i say a sayanora to all of yo 
Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
 
