Norte Sidin' Lyrics
by Woodie.


Much pride, North side of The Golden State.
It's Woodie-wood from the A-N-T-I-O-C-H.
Where the crackback's potent and the pigs are deep.
For every new batch cooked, half the town don't sleep.
And I creep in a sixty-nine 'lark with duals.
Barking up the block on Rallyes, chrome shining like jewels.
Swinging sideways on highways after aiming for brains.
With my eyes all dilated swerving through lanes.
Shit's Gone Strange, but I was up in funk before that.
So nothings really changed in this Yoc Life format.
Homies gone or doing time so the clique ain't as deep.
But we some Norte Sidin' ridin' on your bumper with heat.
With beat quaking out the windows spitting Yoc Life lingo.

A single shot deuce-deuce is all it takes.
To rattle up his brains and kill his parents' mistake.
But I prefer to tuck a trey-five-sev in my nuts.
So I can hit 'em with a gutshot, fuckin' 'em up.

Living in the skirts of the East Bay, Co Co County.
Crank and bomb keep the ballers paid.
But you can't fade when the soldiers get to ridin'.
Flared up, tearin' it up, Norte Sidin'.

Yoc Influenced, what the fuck does it mean?
It's the reason why I'm cocking back and blowing out your spleen.
It could mean that your all about your green and copping zitos.
Or rolling on the triple golds and Vogues and servin' vitos, them c-notes.
Might have you flossing with your town sewed up.
But hit the county, you a bitch or snitch your getting rolled up, swolled up.
So I'm a soldier-fied Yoc swinga.
A malt liquor drinker, a fuckin' deep thinker.
Until I hit the grave, better count me as a factor.
Cause I ain't never been no shootin' blanks Hollywood actor.
Prepared and strapped down as I pound through this town.
Of a hundred thousand people, fifty thousand living foul.
Back in ninety-two only a few of us ridin'.
Ninety-three, who are these fools south sidin'?
Ninety-four we kept the pistol chamber smokin'.
Ninety-five they realized the Yoc ain't jokin'.
Ninety-six half the homies moved to slangin'.
That's all good, but why'd you fools quit bangin'?
Ninety-seven, fuck it I ain't even trippin' love the homies that I got even.
more.
And keep dipping let the record state.
In ninety-eight, shall I die, write the words.
In my obituary for the North side I served.

Living life strapped with a target on a scrap.
And I'm a hit a bulls-eye cause it's like that.
Woodie's only hated for the fact I'm gang related.
Fuck rappin' 'bout that bullshit, been through too much to fake it.

