Nothing On You Lyrics
by Unnamed.


She stopped my heart the first time I saw her.
No kidding, it's an emergency.
I think I belong in surgery.

Cause she's like Bobby Shmurda she's hot.
Ain't a single thing she could do to make me stop.
Loving her, because in my list she's at the top.
And I remember the day we met.
I was in a rough place because I'd only just broke up with my ex.
Needed someone to help me and make me feel better.
And I have done, ever since the second I met her.
She's better than any other girl I've met, she makes me feel good.
She treats me the way a girlfriend should.
She's the only girl in the entire world that I love.
And I really would see her every single day if I could.
But unfortunately, we're miles apart.
And those miles seem like worlds cause I love you with all my heart.
And it hurts when I'm on the train home.
Just thinking about how the time has flown.
Always does with you, always feel in touch with you.

And it's strange that my fucked up behavior's what you condone.
And I know you love me so much, it doesn't need to be shown.

Spending five minutes with you reminds me that you're my own.
Because it's better than tripping.
Better than sipping.

Better than drinking and waking up to find out that you've been slipping.
Better than casual sex.

Better than a BBQ Tex-Mex.
The only thing better than anything in this world.
Is spending time with my girl.

What about Beyoncé?
She got nothing on you.
What about Megan Fox?
She got nothing on you.
What about Emma Watson?
She got nothing on you.
Ain't a chick in the world that's got shit on you.

Nothing else matters long as you love me.
I know that you don't care about anyone but me.
When I'm alone, all I want is you to touch me.
Girl, everything about you is lovely.
The way you style your hair.
The way you prove you care.
The way you cuddle up while we watch TV.
The way you smile when you see me.
While I stand here, ripped jeans.
Band tee and Nikies.
With a smile on your face like you're tryna say cheese.
It might sound cheesy.
But loving you is easy.
I know I'm dumb like Cheddar Bob.
But when I come near you, you freeze me.
And when you smile it just makes me wanna throw in the towel.
Cause there's no point fighting it.
If you were a python if.
I was a rodent shit.
You win every time.
Whenever I look in your eyes.
I just break down inside.
And I would cross the line.
Just to be on your side.
No matter the consequences.
You make me shine.
Girl I'm counting the days 'till I get to see you.
And when we're together, you're not the same, shit, me too!
And I ain't had shit like this before, I'm telling you, you're special.
If there was an award for best girl, then you'd get the medal.
And all the time I'm alone, all I wanna do is kiss you.
And the proof's in this track, I wrote it cause I miss you.
And when I see you I feel so fucking blissful.

I'm out with my friends.
But I would prefer to be somewhere else.
I keep thinking of you.
I'm sorry I left you by yourself.
Just wait till the weekend.
Baby it's not too far away.
I'll come down and see you.
And we can be together all day.

