Now Or Never Lyrics
by Zuby.


Uh, yo!
I'm getting mine baby, I'm on the grind daily.
And all these rhymes baby, been on my mind lately.
And I may die crazy, cuz I won't die lazy.
It's now or never, I said it's now or never man.
I'm gonna shine baby, I'll make the grind pay me.
And all these fine ladies, they'll know my lines baby.
And I may die crazy, cuz I won't die lazy.
It's now or never, I said it's now or never man.

Don't apologise for honesty or compromise for modesty.
Be grateful for what's monetary, stay faithful to the odyssey.
Talk to people honestly and ward off animosity.
But better mediocrity and peddle generosity.
Want it then go get it, if you talk it you should live it.
If I said it then I meant it, if I spit it then I live it.
To drugs I'm not enamoured you can #ZubyQuote that.
Never arming any hammers but I do evoke crack.
My audio's addictive and I'm sinning but I'm winning.
See me grinning while I'm chilling cuz I'm swimming with some women.
Thrilling Spanish honeys who don't ask your boy for money.
But tell papi that he's guapo even when I'm dressing bummy.
Some tell me that they love me, I tell them to quit lying.
They tell him that they mean it and I tell them to keep trying.
Always asking if my album cover's digitally enhanced?
Like “nah baby girl I'm very physically advanced.”.

Uh, the first cut should be the deepest.
The second one's to penetrate your mental through the speakers.
Behind the dying meekness is the actual uniqueness.
Of my mind and rhyming sleekness not no fabricated weakness.
The motive, the fitness, the meaning of insistence.
My family the witness, my reason for existence.
Believe I'll leave with something from a decade of persistence.
Grew my audience from nothing f' the path of least resistance.
Was rocking it for freebie when my flow was still uneasy.
Now I'm flying out to Europe and the people want to see me.
But if you think it's easy step into these shoes and be me.
Rock a couple hundred shows, sell a couple thousand CDs.
In a couple different countries, how I know my people love me?
I sign a lot of autographs and ladies often hug me.
They tell me I'm “the bestest” been invested since conception.
Now my dream is half reality protected from inception.

What's the hardest obligation of an artist occupation?
It's trying to find elation amongst hate and admiration.
Don't ever look for trouble call it fated dedication.
Haters trying to pop my bubble with serrated provocation.
But my frame control is tight and I've been too many places.
And killed way too many stages to be fazed by aggravation.
I charge on negativity it's positively stated.
Discharge my creativity and write when I'm frustrated.
So am I motivated? Or maybe I'm just different.
Driven by desire I don't really have a wish list.
Flipping through the fire if I crave it's on my hit list.
Living's never dire when you're brave enough to get rich.
Or try vaguely, defy lazy, vie greatly.
And whine faintly, no riches come to cry babies.
Deny safety, just make that leap and fly bravely.
And if you die crazy, at least you tried baby.

