Nyia's Song Lyrics
by Yung Trae.


It'S, like four A.M. we out here, you heard me 
Shout out all my old hoes. You heard me yeah, 
, 
Double tapping her latest post, pour a cup of that combination, 
My lawyer, Jewish, for your information ironic, how my camp concentrate'in, 
On another money mission, wan na battle, I'mma beat ya: 
New snakes, don't rattle! They just ask you for a feature: 
New slaves. Don'T judge cause. We already know that we ain't shit either 
Mama on the move got raised by my teacher 
Nigga was my daddy from the 1st to the 5th 
I was in the trap boy, the 1st and the 5th-tenth 
Used to hide drugs underneath the kitchen sink 
When. I pull a gun boy, you better, not blink. 
Your days are numbered like calendars, your bitch love, my honesty, 
My, big bro, still my hero, my sis, still my savior 
Still spending, money on White, Owls, no glass, bowls or no papers, 
My bitch buy me condoms. The kind that come in flavors 
He work in mysterious ways but be work'in in my favor 
Can't fade me bitch, I'm tapered 
Leave, your avenue taped off and you stitched up like baseballs 
My shades dark my nigga Ray Charles 
Her hand. All in my free forms I eat her out, while I'm home alone 
I'd unlock my free forms before I let her unlock my phone 
Dirty shoes, but she love that shit. I love you too, and your dancer body 
I, just rented a Maserati got it smelling like Diesel, 
These peoples and they evils 
Rather spark up with Reyna and play some Beanie Sigel 
Smoke, an eighth all to myself. So my lungs are very much blackened 
Piru. So I pop ya, if you ever ask me: what's crack'in 
We make a P.O.V. the camera roll'in and she act'in 
My skinny bitch self, conscious I caught her on a scale. 
She said Nino, why you trappin' guess she found my other scale. 
Tell me focus on my rap shit, especially cause the city back me. 
I'Ll get rid of my trap shit when you get rid of your acne 
Nigga. That'S some Proactiv shit, 
I'm, an active suwooper, I'm a pro at gettin' active shit 
Pills in the pocket of my cargos. More cargos than John Cena 
I died more than the Undertaker that Xanax brought me back. Bitch 
I'm too broke to act rich, but paid enough to make her wan na fuck 
I'm Mr.Right and she Lady Luck. 
I'M in the cut I'm in the cut 
Smoke'in doobies bump'in Boosie 
Play'in sensitive talk'in poets out their g-strings 
Up top two bee stings. She asked. Can I show her that 
Shorty's Wonder Woman to her damn teamn 
Saved, my number as Hal Jordan cause. She know, I'm gettin' green cause. She
Know, I'm gettin' green 
Don't be goose'in'less. It'S grey! Don'T you FaceTime me with clothes on 
Don't sip from out my cup ,'less. You think you'bout that life 
I be on my Chris Rock boy. I Think I Love My Wife, 
Then Nyia replied to my text message and now I'm reconsidering 
 
You, a bitch ass, nigga nigga, you a bitch, 
You, a bitch, ass nigga, You a bitch, ass, nigga, 
Oh shit. I forgot to star 67 
Hello Aye. What'S up Trae my nigga 
What's up son 
Aye, what's P number Hit me back
, 
