Off My Chest Lyrics
by Tyler Tracey.


See, I never thought I'd live this life.
One minute I'm happy, the next I'm awake at night.
Debating calling it all off and leaving for good.
If I could stick with one emotion I would.
But I can't seem to.
Because I'm still haunted by the ghosts in my rearview.
All my sins printed on me like a tattoo.
And the lies and mistakes I can't go back and undo.
I would move on but the past is becoming the present.
And the people I love today won't ever forget.
Not that I can blame them, I'm becoming unfit.
If someone hurt me that way I'd probably never get over it.
I know I wouldn't, I haven't forgiven my ex.
The one who missed used me like some bubble wrapped objects.
The one that got me only looking for hoes and emotionless sex.
The sky is falling from the Heavens above.
Is this Karma or God's tough love?
People can't erase you but they can sure hate you.
People can't forget you but they can sure leave you.
And people won't hurt you unless you give them a reason too.
Acting stupid and foolish and now you're doing drugs again too.
Your sister is scared for you, do you even have a fucking clue?
Of course you don't because the only person suffering is you.
And you just expect them all to just love you?
Unconditionally like they never once hated you?
Blindly supporting you after all you put them through?
Maybe you should overdose.
Take your own life, see how that goes.
Then you can come back as a ghost.
And see how your grave is a single black rose.
From your mother because she blames herself.
She wonders if there was a way she could've helped.
And now you can be the reason for her deteriorating health.
All because you were too fucking selfish to get outside help.
Your brothers aren't even saying you're brothers anymore.
They don't even fucking miss you anymore.
In fact, they don't wanna be your fucking family anymore.
And they were suppose to be the last ones to walk out the door.
But you drove them all away, everyone, all of them.
Every last person who helped you become a man but you never became a man.

Now how does it feel to be alone and completely worthless?
You fucking idiot, you could've had it all but you threw it all away.
Because you built up this wall.
Now you don't have anyone you can ever call.
Because the refuse to let you take them down on your fall.

The fact that my sister doesn't talk to me anymore.
Hurts a lot but I know I did this to her before.
She would rather talk to that bitch who hates me.
She had to make a choice and the choice wasn't me.
But the fact is is I'd take a bullet to save that friend of her's.
Because knowing that my sister was sad would be much worse.
Than me taking the big one and laying in a hearse.
And I'd die for anyone of my family members, blood or not.
Because I owe it to them through the wars that they fought.
With me and by my side, and I know I could've done better.
So that's why I had to sit down and write this letter.
Because I knew I had to sort my shit out, get shit off my chest.
Yell at myself and get it all out.
These voices in my head have been getting too loud.
And I have to fix the problems with the people I can't live without.
I saw a glimpse forward in my life and it's a lonely route.
I can't erase my past but I need to work on the future.
Because my chances are becoming less than fewer.
So I'm sorry to everyone I hurt.
I'm still figuring out how to live this life.
I'm still figuring out how to make it right.
I'm still figuring out how to be, alright.

Tony Soprano Interlude:.
Now I know what you're gonna say, I would never do what he did. God bless, I.
hope not. But we are a family. And even in this fucked up day and age that.
means something. So we're gonna deal with this as a family. Together, no.
matter how it effects anybody. Personal safety wise, financially wise,.
whatever.

