Offense Intended Lyrics
by Unonimus.

Thoughts of a wistful mind, often inclined.
To get lost in his rhymes, leave the earth and scoff at their kind.
Such a narcissist yet I'm still caught in this awkward malign.
State of self-loathing at the very same time.
A walking contradiction, a.
sage jotting my moronic visions.
So pretentious, every word I write reeks with condescension.
Even a freestyle buries their monotonous writtens.
There I go again, I'm bragging, boasting with these haughty lyrics.
Rapping is my thing, you can see I have the tact for it.
These other artists, ehhh, they just simply are not apt for it.
Like when you hear them all you want to do is a fast forward.
Bplplbbplpblpblbplbpvlvpvlpvl swag lord.
Going swish on these tracks,I bet my pants sag lower.
That's a lil presumptuous, see they only hit the backboard.
Now back to me, I'm very ambivalent.
Can be a little insolent,.
and slightly fastidious.
But never insipid, cause I'm not talking about.
What I've been sipping or my Benz rims spinning.
Contemptuous smug nay-Sayers want to rip.
Through my music and use it just to fuel their hubris.
Every dream is lucid, I make sure I never lose it.
Mitigate the pain as I integrate into it.
Infiltrate your brain through this simple, jaded, ruthless way.
I bet you never notice when you're tuning right into.
I Rome in the attic's basement, prone to erratic changes.
Understanding me is like hearing songs on a static station.
I lack the patience to make an emphatic statement.
So every lyric I write is shrouded in vacillation.
Wait, i guess theres no need to elucidate.
The laws of language are the ones I like to repudiate.
Usually facetious, I act on.
my capricious instincts.
That's the reason I've cerebral tendencies.
All these feeble enemies, it tickles me how fickle these.
Little emcees tend to be, particularly.
The ones who wear crosses with tattoos saying blessed.
But then run out in the streets with the tech, I rest my case.
My whimsical ways make people disdain.
But venerate my name when they see it displayed.
Mundane Mondays whither away when I enter place.
And spit a tirade on my unequivocal greatness.
Vigilant and diligent with every bar that's written, each.
Song describes the temperament Im feeling when I sit and pen it.
Really meticulous, almost sent me delirious.
And I meant it, I'm serious, an intuitive miscreant.
Under scrutiny, prejudice, and impetuous inferences.
Definite difference is his character and in his friends'.
Switching these flows just to extol my influences.
Right now I'm pretty happy, just as exultant feelings have went.

Here to make a break from my boring voice, prolly got you snorring.
But no its, a little more important.
To express the adulation, admiration, fascination.
That I have with touring, And traveling the world in.
An airplane soaring.
Climbing the bill boards and I know it's.
A little hackneyed for an acne covered teen to have himself a little pipe.
dream.
It might seem like my deference to things.
Is out of an effort for peace but really I'm just scheming.
I'm trying to ameliorate suspicion on myself.
While alleviating demons I have dealt with.
I'm teetering on top of a beam, it's a tedious task.
To keep it together while these little patronizing gnats.
Try to push me off, feel nostalgia for my rookie bars.

If rap was retroactive, I'd pedal back with it, slap.
My below average self at eleven into gear.
Jump start my whole career and prolly wouldn't be here.
Like my fellow rappers did but I'm clearly stuck in this year.
Now I'm high off rhymes while these people smoking joints.
Or that potent doink, I think I just made a cogent point.
Some writers complain about biters, but yo, their prosaic.
Flows make it really easy to get stole or taken.
Discretion is overrated.
I'd rather say my message than censor for some plays.
What I'm saying is, if you get offended, thats my plan.
Congratulations, you've reached the end of my rant.

