Official Care Lyrics
by Swift Kirabo.


Forget the hype, it's pointless.
Listen up as I speak for the voiceless.
Left out, who were left choiceless.
Who were left trapped inside like oysters.
Just think.
Your life's got a plan.
But what about children trapped in Iran.
Dreams are broken, lost in the sand.
Can't stop fear, when bombs go bang.
I mean we got it good.
We don't see half as much blood.
Can you imagine your little bro or sister living in that kinda hood.
I realized that they got it bad and we are ungrateful for things that we have.
I mean, its ever so sad.
Kids rather die than live, its mad.

Michael Jackson.
“Sadly, sadly, we live in a state of fear.
Everyday we hear of war on the news, on the radio and television.
And the newspapers, always of war.
We hear of nations hurting each other, of neighbours hurting each other, of.
families hurting each other..

Imagine, you're in a country.
Water and food supply come monthly.
Every few secs a kid dies hungry.
And your little sister won't make Monday.
Your brother and father killed in gun-play.
And your poor mother prays that someday.
You'll be safe and away from the gun-play.
Cause she dies on Sunday.
Can you picture that?
Life full of hardships stress on your back.
So I'm saying don't be ungrateful.
Cos once its gone you'll want it back.
Over here, we complain for the fact.
That we paid monthly money in a sack.
The truth is, i hope this track makes ya realize that you don't need that.

Sample: 2Pac.
There's no way! There's no way that these people should own planes and their.
people. Don't have houses.Apartments. Shacks. Drawers. Pants! I know you're.
rich.I know you got 40 billion dollars, but can you just keep it to one house.
? You only need ONE house..
And if you only got two kids, can you just keep it to two rooms? I mean why.
have 52 rooms and you know there's Somebody with no room?! It just don't make.
sense to me. It don't.”.

Little children in war, trained from birth.
Ain't taught the meaning of what life is worth.
Over here we are learning it first.
But still we see a filled up hearse.
Trust.
We're in ? and we're cursed.
So we need God to turn from the worst.
But to thing is to show that you need him.
You gotta show faith and make the move first.
Still, we are lucky here.
Not much worry and not much fear.
But in the third world there is always a tear.
Getting paid pennies for our nike gear.
But still I rate them a lot.
Because they are all thankful for what they got.
African kids in war getting shot.
Left on the battleground dead to rot.

Sample: Michael Z York.
Learn to care, it's simple.
Learn not to care about who, or care about what.
Just care.
And everything will start happening.
And if everybody just cares.
You know what I'm saying?
Then the heavens care.
And then mother nature will care again.
Then the tornadoes and the hurricanes.
And the flood will stop.
Because she'll know that we care.

