Oh My [Freestyle] Lyrics
by Yung Rudd.


Woo!
*chuckles*.
I'm going in.
Too Much Vibes.

Wuz de scene? It's Yung Rudd.
In attack with a track showing knack.
Of how to kill any whack dude spitting raps.
'Til plaques be on my rack..
To Paxx.
It's easier done than said,.
me and rap we done been wed.
Yeah I'm a monster, ain't talking that shit kids fear be under beds.
I'm trying to make that wonderbread.
That white man cake, so you'll be killed on the mic unless you're my fam' or.
hoss... no Mr. fucking Ed.
Talk slick better do something, breds.
Cause I'm all about that action packed into the palm of my hand and slap a.
nigga upside his fucking head.
Y'all say Trinis can't rap?
Even dudes who skinny have fat.
So I'mma make words that stick, like shinnys and tacks.
With a style that's New like Guinea and ma-.
Ssacre all you bitch ass wack rappers.
From Trinidad to Africa.
To the U.S., you'd do mess if you step to me and start ac-ting up.
Don't mean to brag, but I'm the shit like inbetween your cracks and butts.
Anytime we blazing, hit that shit twice then you better pass the stuff.

My girls say yeah if you got a nice chest, big ass or the fat-test muff.

My dudes say yeah if you know the girls that answered? That's for us.

I know when you hear Yung Rudder.
That his words give you a shudder.
You open your mouth and utter.
Oh my.

When you hear me spit, y'all niggas say oh my, y'all niggas say oh my.
When you hear me spit, y'all chicks say oh my, y'all chicks say oh my.
Anytime I'm in the booth, y'all know a nigga so high, y'all know a nigga so.
high.
Yo, yo I'm the truth. Even I say oh my. Y'all all say it, don't lie.

Easy said, easy done.
I'm a go getter like Jeezy son.
That's why when I'm hungry for beats I go to Mev and tell the nigga feed me.
one.
Back then I was OK, since then there ain't NO way.
You can say I'm whack, cause of that I'm so not guilty like O.J.
Simpson, I wanna take a burn so I'mma be right back like Danny.
Hit a bit of that fatty, then knock beats out like I'm Manny.
Pacquiao, living my dream I'm happy now.
I came with fire and I hit it for six, and y'all out for duck like daffy how.
Sad, here's a hanky towel.
For your tears, in 4 more years kids around the world'll be using my old.
rhymes in theirs like hand me downs.
It's ok to sip y'all haterade like Shandy now.
Cause the Xplicit movement do it big like mampees, cows.
And things gargantuan, like tits on Pam Anderson.
The local game been calling for outstanding shit, and right now we answering.
Y'all been sleeping on us like you took Doral or Ambien.
But the champions will bring real vibes to make green like yampee, friends.

I know when you hear Yung Rudder.
That his words give you a shudder.
You open your mouth and utter.
Oh my.

When you hear me spit, y'all niggas say oh my, y'all niggas say oh my.
When you hear me spit, y'all chicks say oh my, y'all chicks say oh my.
Anytime I'm in the booth, y'all know a nigga so high, y'all know a nigga so.
high.
Yo, yo I'm the truth. Even I say oh my. Y'all all say it, don't lie.

Heh, Yeah.
2 Much Vybz.
Bitch.

