Oh My Darling Don't Cry Lyrics
by Run the Jewels.


Oh my 
Oh, my 
 
Fuck, the law they can eat. My dick that's word to Pimp 
Hol up 
 
Fuck, the law they can eat. My dick that's word to Pimp 
I, don't fuck with or talk like all these fuckin' imps 
Style violent, give a fuck. If you deny it, kids 
You can all run naked backwards through a field of dicks 
Fuck the world. Don'T ask me for shit. That'S word to B.I.G 
I, dreamt we owned the world, but I've woken up and it don't exist. 
Soak it in I
need. No assist you can't slap my wrist, I don't owe you shit 
Trust me, I'm a Doctor. Doom oper-rate of my pulse won't raise a bit 
 
Tip-toe on the track. Like a ballerina ski mask in a Pontiac Catalina, 
It's obese, female opera singer, you can run the jewels or lose your fingers. 
Me and El-P got time to kill, got folks to kill on overkill 
He hangin' out the window. I hold the wheel one black one white: we shoot
to, kill 
That fuckboy life about to be repealed, that fuckboy shit about to be
repelled, 
Fuckboy Jihad, kill infidels, Allah Akbar BOOM from Mike and El .
 
Life is hell, death's a bitch, and these fubar rulers getting rich 
I. Cop, a zip it opens up, I smoke it up, go home and fuck 
C'est la vie girl when in Rome I gave the face, please pay with dome. 
My business card says You're. In luck, I do two things I rap and fuck
 
, 
I, fuck and rap. I tote the strap I smoke the kush, I beat the puss 
I read the books: did the math don't need a preacher preachin' on my behalf, 
No teacher can teach my arrogant ass. I'M blowin' on crippy, while readin' inscriptions, 
That's written by Egyptians and sippin' on whiskey. Aye baby, you with me
 
 
Oh, my 
Don't cry: 
 
Whip Crack We
run this spot like a Chinese sweatshop 
Don't, stop work. It work, it'til chest pop Cardiac, arrested, 
I'm, so invested, I'm self-invented, that's no illusion! There'S no
confusion 
You see the future. You fear the future. I'Ve seen the truth and I'm so
deluded 
I've Been a better bad guy than I been better than bad 
Been a bit a bully talk beating on my chest. In fact: 
I'm a half stack from a rack. I been around the block babe. I know a few facts: 
Maniac brainiac run go tell them that ATLien, NY felon rap 
 
Handle me wrong. I'M snappin' show up at your class. What'S happenin' 
Schoolyard bully with a fully automatic heart full of pain and a head full
of havoc 
Everybody stepped on the kid and I'm letting them have it 
Havoc leaving
they momma, to say What happened. 
Who gon' buy my baby, a casket Fuck that bitch I'm a bastard 
 
Megablast, I'm mega lit on Highway 6 and I'm not strapped in 
I, don't crash bitch, I just skid. You got the cash I'll make the trip 
I make the trip you better pay done. Worse for less don't make my day 
I'm not from Earth. From far away I bust, through chests, like baby greys
 
Runnin' the jewels of the game whippin', the mix is like chickens, of'caine
 
Spittin' the sentence. Again, parents is livid again, kids is just fuckin'
insane 
Pointin' that pistol and fist for the chain. Reppin' the symbol like they in a
gang 
Delivery dope, like a dosage of dope or a noseful of coke for a junkie, or
fiend 
 
Oh, my 
Don't cry
 
