Oh The Depths Lyrics
by Wolves At The Gate.

Oh the depths of riches, like the water that fills the earth.
The knowledge of my Creator who gives me worth.
And though I crave to know all of the patterns of this world.
Is endless for it's beyond tracing out.
So from as far as I've seen there is a great hoard against me.
Because I am a man sights see targets on my back.
For all our hearts are not clean and the archers fire freely.
Because I am a man sights see targets on my back.
Because I am a man sights see targets.
For every knee will bow and every tongue confess.
That you are God! For you are God!
His image bears the sight of the unseen King.
His name is ever pleasing for this we do sing.
Father of grace and mercy has poured out His wrath.
Forever Your name proclaims!
The Father of grace and mercy has poured out His wrath completely.
On His Son for our sake we are free who brought the Lamb to slaughter for me.
Oh the depths of riches, like the water that fills the earth.
The knowledge of the one that gives me worth.
I have not a gift to bring for all things are from Him and glory forever.
But as their arrows are drawn there is refuge in view.
Now don't get me wrong I am the least of these.
I have no knowledge to give or power to seize.
I have not a gift or a planned endeavor.
For all things are from Him and glory forever.
There is love! Here is love! This is love! There is love!
Where is the wise man? Where is the scholar? Have they not been made such a.
Fool in their squalor?
For they desired a sign and sought for the wise.
When the precursor of life was right in front of their eyes.
Oh death, oh death.
Has lost it's sting on me.
Oh death, oh death.
You've been forever conquered.
The Father of grace and mercy has poured out His wrath completely.
On His Son for our sake we are free who brought the Lamb to slaughter for me.
There is love! Here is love! This is love! There is love!
The Father of grace and mercy has poured out His wrath completely.
On His Son for our sake we are free who brought the Lamb to slaughter for me.
Romans 11:33-36; Acts 8:32; I Thessalonians 5:9; Romans 14:11; Isaiah 40:18;.
I Thessalonians 1:10.

