On Dek Lyrics
by Quilly.

.
On Dek! E and Reds wassup with yall.
Yall might as well just drop the bag on me. YAMEEN.
.
My feature price higher than the numbers on the lean.
Which means its gonn cost a pint for a 16.
.
I seen the pill game turn a boss to a fein.
All i see is racks, it was hard to make a bean.
To I signed with On Dek bitches treat me like Hakkem.
How these niggas dead popped, they just had it all.
Man my coke numb ya mouth like ammosul.
Im bouta buy a whole brick, bag it all, trap it all.
Pocket full of blue faces avatar.
Im bout my money straight up like 6 oclock spin the coke counterclockwise then.
i hit the block.
The work floatin on the water like Im skippin rocks.
Big or not if they runnin' heads then Im switchin spots.
I can hit a chick, hit her mom, and her sister.
Im tryna pull up in a rafe wit the big dippa.
On the ceiling ask Haines Street I made a killing.
Niggas ain't got no aim, they out here killin children.
Im on tilt man I play for the skeme team.
I got the same Jordans Mike wore on the dream team.
Drought nightmares, triple beam dreams.
50 k the long way stuffed in these jeans.
I want that major league paper Derek Jeter bread.
Used to wonder bout the money now I got that pita bread.
.
I got some bottles On Dek.
A couple models On Dek Now.
I got some shooters On Dek.
I got some money On Dek Now.
.
My Sneaks come from Sicily.
My bitch come from Italy.
My watch come from Tiffany.
Dirty youngin from the projects remember me ?.
2 O's short bouta get a key.
Quilly whippin up the recipe.
Truck full of dog food no pedigree.
Im hittin chicks cause they lettin me.
My bank account they'll never see.
Steering wheel with the letter B.
The cake clip girl with the letter C.
Now we at Benihana's eatin lo mein.
I spilt some lo mein on my Balmains.
Balenciaga my situation.
Moncler on me baby.
You hear the radio, I been killin the streets lately.
Been getting wavy, but you already know.
My money keep goin up, lets keep that on the low.
I want a mill for the flow, Im tired of dealin the blow.
Im tired of duckin the cops, I gotta see my PO.
I put a price on ya head, you'll be gone for the low.
Ya bestfriend turn foe, for the love of the dough.
ON DEK !.
.
I got some bottles On Dek.
A couple models On Dek Now.
I got some shooters On Dek.
I got some money On Dek Now.
.
