On the Smooth Tip Lyrics
by Sweet Tee.

Testin my mic one-two one-two 
I'm here to entertain yes, this means you 
Don't need no help. All by myself. 
I proceed cos. You need to enjoy yourself 
Try to compare. Oh, don't you dare 
Cos I'm sweeter than the cream in a french eclair 
Smoother than the ice in a skatin, rink 
Have. I forgotten anything hm. Let me think 
Oh. Yes, I take a pen draw you all in line 
You'll find that I'm a lyrical mastermind 
The. More you scream the more I strive. 
So get live and put your body in overdrive. 
Let'S check the situation from a serious tip, 
 Wan na hear somethin wack. Well, this ain't it 
Cos the beat, is def and now you're told 
So prepare to work out a little rock and roll 
Lace them shoes tighten up that belt. 
And! Beware cos it's somethin that you never felt 
Cos. It'S ruffer than ruff hipper than hip 
Don't. Be a drip, let it rip 
But on the smooth tip 
 
Toes are tappin: hands are clappin 
My deejay's on the cuts and Sweet Tee's rappin 
Rockin the spot cos. The jam is hot 
You think I'm through hm, not by a long shot, 
I'm, not a doctor, but I'm on call 
I'm, not the police so get off the wall. 
In, a club on stage to make you move, 
A mic and a beat, are the tools I use 
Yeah. I been crowned the gift of wax 
Sweet Tee's in the house, so just relax 
Give your hips, a ride. Give your feet some slide. 
And! Do what you feel inside you know 
It's easy to do if the beat is hip, 
Dancin and swingin. If the needle don't skip 
Straight to the dancefloor run, don't walk 
Move to the groove. Let your body talk. 
To me cos. I happen to know what you like 
So. When I pick up a pen, I know what to write. 
To hype, the jam, so the jam'll hit 
So rock, with Sweet Tee on the smooth tip 
 
Move, that stuff put your body in cruise 
Take. It easy and slow but make it smooth 
Gather around and get on down. 
Ain'T nothin, like hangin when you got some sounds 
To this career, I been ordained 
Doin things. A anthropolgist can't explain. 
Try. If you will, I leave em standin' still 
Rap better than me that noise, please kill 
Solve any crime like the great Dick Tracy 
Make, more jazz than the late Count. Basie 
Rhythmic sounds flow like Lake Eerie 
Alterin, any scientifical theory 
Another like me. Well, I never 
You know why cos I'm too damn clever 

Bust! That party people then again bust this 
It's time for my rhyme to reach the end of the line. 
I hope you all had a groovy time, 
Without further ado I'mma take my trip. 
But remember: Sweet Tee y'all on the smooth tip
 
