Once More Unto the Breach
by Two o'clock courage.

I sleep, pen and ink. calligraphy dreams.
All those precious little poets and their black birds singing.
Are supposed to keep me in line?
When I saw autumn yawn and bluff its ivory smile?
Laughing grand piano gales and healthy round tones while my eyes rolled, while.
my eyes rolled.
Taking in moments with no places to hold them: that's exactly when I realized.
We are on our own.

All the dashing young and bold have been told to get jobs, and give up.
All the movers and the shakers, laureates, and kingmakers have been told that.
we're not.
Well I just want to be one of the believers, part of something bigger.
I wrote this song for singing.
As loud as you can and all your trigger finger waving won't ever stop me.

This one here is for everyone else:.
If you want something done you gotta do it yourself.
Maybe this song is the fight.
For the people who don't have any left inside.
Or if you've ever felt down.

Call us new age poets with electric heroics, as mercenaries just paying back.
our debts.
In blood money and sweat, but we never had a chance.
Or were ever given an inch to make something for ourselves.
So now we're taking it.
We're tempests and leviathans hell-bent on holding it down.
With no place to hold our ground or make a stand.
Cause our dreams are on firesale, that's exactly when I realized:.
We are all we have.

All the dashing young and bold have been told to get jobs, and give up.
All the movers and the shakers, laureates, and kingmakers have been told that.
we're not.
Well I just want to be one of the believers, part of something bigger.
I wrote this song for singing.
As loud as you can and all your trigger finger waving won't ever stop me.

There's something to be said about someone singing the words and actually.
meaning them.
But I got no one to impress cause all my heroes are dead.
Yeah all my heroes are dead and we never said die, not once, oh no, oh no.
This is mine and I won't let it die I don't mince my words, baby, it's us.

