One & Only Lyrics
by Vizzi.


You regret your past mistakes, you claim that love is over.
But it's love at first sight, this bond will probably bring us closer.

And I'm interested in your mind, don't assume there's someone else.
You're a goddess to my presence, hard to keep feelings to myself.
You had me at hello, we fell into a deep glance.
Caught butterflies &amp; I wonder why this new feeling is a deep trance.

I see the best in you when I'm next to you.
Hot passion, you know I'm better.
You're learning things as I lecture you.
I'm no temporary forever and.
You got a past &amp; I do too, if you come with me, just give me honesty.
And I'll probably to give you so much more, only one thing just promise me.
You'll be greater than the past ones &amp; in return I'm your savior.
And when I'm on the road, don't fear for mindless behavior.

She said.
Get in my bed, my bed, my bed.
Lay down, it's really, really real.
And that's when I said, that's when I said.
I saaaaaaaaaid.

I know you want me.
Pick up your phone.
Le-le-let me know.
When you're lonely.
You scared girl? Don't be.
Tonight girl, you're my one &amp; only....

Yo. Thunderebel!!

Honorebel, Thunderebel..Simba..Yo...

Knowledge in my context.
Bomb sex, lotus flowers on the bedspread.
What's next? I'm in the shower getting more head.
After that? Close the chapter, that's a book read.
I'm full of passion, just like the color red.
Green &amp; Gold, colors of the Rasta flag.
Why you mad? Lion boy got swag.
Gentlemen, still beat it like a boxing bag.
If it's a boxing match, you're getting boxed out.
One swing &amp; they just might have to choke you out.
Let me walk that out, that's not the life that I'm all about.
It's all about the love for others.
The same I have for myself.

I'm great at hellos but I suck at goodbyes.
I hate when people think good things eventually dies.
I'd rather live in exile than rather live in a lie.
I'm really feelin' your face but fell in love with your eyes.
Your lips? I kiss that.
Your smile? I cause that.
Your body? I hug that.
But your heart? I want that.
No need for insecurities, huge doubts or dark fears.
Of you alone, I'm close by, Cupid placed my mark there.
Whoo.

