Only in the Studio Lyrics
by X-Raided  (a.k.a. Nefarious).


Fat niggas puttin shit up in the game, 
Livin off the fame of the Garden Blocc name. 
But never did dirt or put in no work, 
They be rappin like they g's 
Talkin bout, maccin, bitches and slangin ki's 
But. Please you a ho 
No need to play the role like you, ain't kowin that 
Go look in the mirror. You won't see no gangsta, starin, bacc 
Based on that fact. I'M let it be known. 
 Got ta tell the homies. What really goes on nigga 
 
You? Don'T even know how to load a nine 
You seen your homie do some dirt and went and wrote a rhyme 
But how you talkin bout, bein a killa and never made a niggas brain. Hang 
You sayin you a loc but never gang banged 
Nigga. You ought to win an Oscar 
The Best Actor of the Year. You ain't no mutha fuccin mobsta 
You faker than Cubic Zarconia 
Givin, a bad reputation to niggas in Killafornia 
We puttin bustas in hearses 
Why. You marks be bombin on base heads and snatchin bitches purses, 
That punk shit, but nigga. You think you so a hard 
That's. Why thay X-Raided loc be pullin ho calls 
 
You a gang bangin, nigga 
Hustla mutha fuccin, psycho loco, but only in the studio 
Rappin. Like you, real 
Talkin bout, how you kill niggas 
Let the truth be told it's only in the studio 
Gang bangin nigga, 
Hustla, mutha, fuccin psycho loco. Only in the studio 
Rappin, like you, real 
Talkin bout, how you kill niggas 
Let the truth be told. Only in the studio, 
 
I grab cash plus guns, 
Roll with old. You gets done for the buns 
And. We four for the door 
It's time for roll 
And. You done crossed the wrong line 
And. I couldn't forgive myself: 
For tellin your ass one more time, 
Now grab your ski and be on the grind. 
On a paper chase 
Lace up your boots, 
And shoot for the skrill from the gate. 
And you betta make hate 
Cuz. It ain't no time or minor race 
I ride with realas and killas from day one and stay no face; 
Murder ones, protect identities, 
And, murder, twos, to kill off all these studio, g's 
Everybody claimin to be a gangsta in the boot 
When. It'S time to ride they ducc and hide these niggas scared to shoot. 
Ain'T, never seen you on the streets, 
And, you don't want to fucc with us cuz we real mutha, fuccin P-C's 
Blacc Market soldiers, takin over still slangin yola 
We realas up in this shit nigga. Somebody should of told ya 
 
Yeah nigga ..., 
Yeah Doc, ... 
What. What you neva had me, though 
Creased blue kakies, with blue laces in them, blue kiccs, 
You, never strolled the blocc with them. True crips 
Niggas, like you round the locs, is through 
Bitch nigga swallow a dicc. That'S why you getting ran through 
Straight trippin. You could claim my blocc 
You, never hanged with the crips and never rang. No Gloccs 
Mo like a succa but figure now a nigga would know 
When you slip around and through settrip it's like walkin death row. 
Now, you see, but you seen to late 
Mutha fucca, you slit like a clit cuz. Your ass is fake. 
 
You can't crip walk, then don't let your gat talk. 
 
I, never seen you on the spot. 
Never seen you with a Glocc 
That's how real gangstas roll 
Dippin old schools and rags 
Holiday and X-Raided loc 
 
