Open Up The Sky Lyrics
by Zuby.


Are you down with Zuby?

Yo I started as an underdog, still the fricking underdog.
Force my hand to draw, I'll split the deck just right from under y'all.
Smells like teen spirit when we hit the stage to rumble y'all.
So don't look back in anger never hide behind the wonder wall.
Ecstasy to rages but this music is my life.
I've been courting her for ages time to make this thing my wife.
Matrimony is the system, people hear but never listen.
Many look me in my eyes, but few can see my vision.
Let's be honest, I've never been the radio's sweetheart.
But gained a bigger following than half of them, real talk.
Begging for a deal while I've been treading for a meal.
Now I'm eating off my music till I'm hungry for a mil.
I spoke to God this morning, He said that there's a spot for me.
Between this earth and heaven, where I'm at is not the top for me.
This talent is a gift and the present means a lot to me.
Nothing good comes easy, I believe in this philosophy.

One for the hustle, two for the time.
Three for the struggle, four for the grind.
Five for the past and the present where we strive.
And six for the future we gon' make it out alive now.
Reach up and keep ‘em high, let's open up the sky.

Reach up and keep ‘em high, let's open up the sky.

Reach up and keep ‘em high, let's open up the sky.

Reach up and keep ‘em high, let's open up the sky.

With zero ambition how you know when you're achieving?
Say you've got no religion, homie what do you believe in?
It's hard to count your blessings when you're constantly receiving.
Nonetheless I'm never satisfied I guess it's self-deceiving.
Cuz comparatively speaking, I'm lucky that I'm eating.
And lucky that I'm breathing, all the health that I'm perceiving.
Struggling internally like “Zuby what's the reason?
You've got enough to live and there's so many who are needing”.
I guess it's human nature, don't know if that makes it better.
We live in a society where most of us are debtors.
Trying to turn to creditors, prey  we turn to predators.
Said if I was rich then I would give a little cheddar.
But who am I to judge? In my armour there's some chinks.
My perspective has some blinks and I'm just painting what I think.
Don't appreciate my art? You're probably missing the subliminal.
Surrealist with a syllable like Dali but I'm lyrical.

Look I'm more than just an rapper, I'm a flipping phenomenon.

Flow for thirty days with no food like Ramadan.
Whilst I out style your swag with no shoes and pyjamas on.
Foolish people say “all rap is bitches and hoes”.
I'm about to kill them in two bars cuz they've been missing my flows.
Don't assume cuz I'm a rapper you can label me as anything.
Proves you're narrow minded and you're ignorant ‘bout everything.
Yes I'm known as many things but none of them is a gangster.
So how am I not real because I'm me and not a wankster?
I don't write for sucker nerds, I'd rather give them quotables.
You've got more ‘likes' than Zuckerberg but message isn't notable.
Like… hold up, that was a metaphor, silly me.
Hate me cuz I'm beautiful or like me like a simile.
Sserve it hot like Dominoes it's all in the delivery.
Cuz when it comes to hip-hop you just witnessed the epitome.

