Oracle Bones Lyrics
by Unholy Homies.

I'll admit It I was psych ward.
Committed.
Sinnin way more than I was livin smoke the wax that'll knock you off ya pivot.
Light the splidiff.
My trips be acidic.
Pineal opened up my intuition kickin.
At lunch wit a nice white girl and she yiddish.
The life y'all niggas dreammminn i live it.
I'm off the clear pill nigga NZT.
Quaaludes in my pocket trippy mvp.
You envy reek.
Me and my whole synergy.
You ain't unholy mufucka you a enemy.
When I'm gone they gon love me like I'm Kennedy.
No headshot overdose on DMT.
Nigga that's a straight mind fuck.
Yea this dick free bitch you can't get 5 bucks.
It's just my luckkkk.
Shorty just a shy fuck.
And come out of character when she get lined up.
Hasheesh in my blunt I be highed up.
And when it go out another One get fired up.
You biggas know home wrecking my hobby.
Dragon ballz on ya chick broli on a Molly.
I'll prolly.
Crash ya lil brothers 6th party.
We taking all the cupcakes mash one in ya face.
Fuckface running round the city.
Screaming fuck jake.

Activate my 6 codons everytime i out my coat on.
Drink the mud smoking earth and so on and so on.

I'm prolly fresh out of rehab askin where da weed at.
Than I'll cop some bars too.
Find out where the lean at.
We all born to die but.
I was born to relapse.
Voice hoarse.
For some reason the drugs is how I relax.
Same train of thought.
We ain't on the same track.
You can get derailed.
You might go lucid but I'm in a different realm.
Hottest niggas out we throwin parties in hell all this herb that I inhale and.
yo.
Bitch high off the smell.
Nigga listen I'm making a mockery of religion my mind free like a pigeon turn.
Off ya television activate my third pupil propelled my fucking vision you.
though.
I'd fall off nahh niggga I'm trippin.
DDT ya bitch yea you know 69'd her.
Only if she finer and I dig her like a miner.
Filled her wit marijuana.
Even tho she scholar.
My lifestyle wilder.
Ima still get behind her.
That's her fault we all live the same 24 hrs.
I just want the money and power she just want dick and some powder treat her.
Like a homie when I see her gotta pound her.

Activate my 6 codons everytime i out my coat on.
Drink the mud smoking earth and so on and so on.

