Original West Coast Lyrics
by Swollen Members.


The original west coast rhyme writers.
The original west coast rhyme writers.
The original west coast rhyme writers.
The original west coast rhyme writers.

It's really just elementary.
The turn of the centuries.
Focal point with forced entry.
Force not to be reckoned with.
Second win sets in.
Jolts of electricity.
Sting with synchronicity.
Scorpions tail snaps, crippling simplicity.
Walk through the desert, one breath creates a sandstorm.
Transform, rattle snake strike now your hands worn.
Fangs puncture palms.
Venom seeps through your veins. Pain you shouldn't intervene.
See me on the center screen. kaleidoscope.
Aqua blue, turquoise and winter green.
Sunshine blasting bright, beams of ultra violet.
Violent sentence stylist.
Causes silence.

The original west coast rhyme writers.
The original west coast rhyme writers.
The original west coast rhyme writers.
The original west coast rhyme writers.

Temperature very low.
Icicle hell storm.
Below zero.
Between the channel of the cable.
And the crossbow comes an elevation of pressure.
In regards compel a high water.
When all hell freezes over and breaks loose in a hand basket.
Idle hands.
Mastered my mix down.
Instead of slanging tools in the fallen angels work shop.
Burning the once lifted with the flame ship galley.
A quick trip to the gallery, and i'll see all that I need.
Death on a pale steed, heads on a steel blade.
Treads on a shallow grave.
Ball on a hollow acrylic flame.
The future flashes redundancy.
Do what you can to fuck the industry.

The original west coast rhyme writers.
The original west coast rhyme writers.

A captain can't abandon his ship.
Stranded I randomly rip. Rap with a strangling grip.
I'm mangling quick. Prevail's a hard rock your just a dangling dick.
That's about three inches.
At first it kinda pinches then it burns like you wouldn't believe.
When I get in you. Any venue.
Madchild's flaming, you're on the menu.
Let's continue.
First I'll send you to the fiery depths where molten core is moulded.
Don't suck my dick just hold it.

I told you I was holdin' four aces, you should have folded.

I dig what I rig with greater expectations.
And heavy weight loaded to the teeth.
The dull steel hull of my fully war equipped skull.
Shoots down the sandbags.
Cancel the streak of award winning costumes and make up.
Big tops and five billion villains break up the chameleons.
To blend into fibers and fabrics.
Hybrids of a natural schematics.
Plastic coated human form makes an easy target for rifle practice.

The original west coast rhyme writers.
The original west coast rhyme writers.
The original west coast rhyme writers.
The original west coast rhyme writers.

