Otherside Lyrics
by Zio zane.


Yeah heart of lost angels.
Zane got it.

Uh '95 what a fuckin light year.
Born to be a king I be fuckin right there.
With the crown at the top.
And my haters at the bottom.
Momma wonder why I got em hating on me like I'm Harry Potter.
Man im motherfucking swag on the police blotter.
All they really talkin' 'bout is the rappers slaughter.
Cause I got this motherfuckers back in the grave.
And im on my grind cause I got the blood of a slave.
Zane : I believe in a dream I left in my pillow.
When I was four money and the fame tell me what you came for.
Some niggas like to judge my middle finger.
Oh yeah it's smaller than your nose pinochio nigga.
I wonder if they understand my picture in the frame.
Just callin' your bitch like uncle Sam.
Same shit everynight and I don't give a fuck.
Talkin Donald duck cuz bitch I be gon I be....

On the otherside chillin with my niggas.
Talkin''bout them haters stuck in traffic jams forever.
We be fuckin doin whatever we like whenever.
Other niggas hating cause we made it to the otherside.

Uh yeah i'm back to my own topic.
They probly hating on me cause they all damn septic.
The training days the warm up i'm on the way too.
A dollar and a dream you can tell em what we 'bout to do.
Black days all we tryna do is overshine grind time.
Big money is all I got on my mind.
The grass is greener on the otherside.
I do it for my city what a hell of a suicide.
My brother died momma cried shit Life goes on.
'time flies like a butterfly you better fly before the 21'.
They hating on a young nigga flowing.
Bitch i'm blowing the street 911 gotta stick to the script.
Duckworth got me back I feel like 2Pac back.
They be sayin Makaveli boy just the way I act.
You better mind your step real niggas need respect.
And when I'm gone nigga bitch you gone call me speck.

On the otherside chillin with my niggas.
Talkin''bout them haters stuck in traffic jams forever.
We be fuckin doin whatever we like whenever.
Other niggas hating cause we made it to the otherside.

Only 1.7 and being taught to be an angel in hell.
Where the pussy is sale and niggas buy well.
Niggas crib is jail this the life I smell.
Welcome back home my nigga felt well.
Rapping for my town I wonder if they miss me.
City after city all them hoes wanna kiss me.
The whole team hustle we broke billionaires.
Majestic League the kings of bel air.
It feels good to have these haters talk about me.
I'm the shit and my swag is a perfume homie.
The dope boyz hustle 2 dope boyz fly.
What the you talkin bout when we killin to survive uh.
And if you try me imma let the gunplay.
Homeless imma let the gun walk let it talk.
Nigga man that sound loud  nigga.

On the otherside chillin with my niggas.
Talkin''bout them haters stuck in traffic jams forever.
We be fuckin doin whatever we like whenever.
Other niggas hating cause we made it to the otherside.

