Out of sight
by Twisted Artistics.


Press play and let it blast away.
For when dark clouds cast a shade.
I'm sick of plastic-fake success-fasaded masquerades.
Why can't the tax I pay go to doctors with lesser faith.
In dirty pharmaceutical industries than as of today?
But those wretched snakes would rather stay representing.
Vast, big major concerns, only concerned with the cash they make.
Shameless, two face -infested bathing in commission, graft and pay.

Prescribe the drug too fast to say.
assassination of the very ones it is their task to aid.
Compassion displayed in a short-term fast food way.
I'll speak for the outcasted made silent  long as I respirate.

A toast for my man Curlsta that passed away.
Teddy took it the hardest of us doing less than ok.
The man was devastated, now memories flash and play;.
How Curlsta would crash at his place and steal his aftershave.
Weak to the flesh he chased for pleasure places less than safe.
And his last escapade became the very last he made.
I know that one has to pay for ones' unclever ways.
But my chest is aching still, taking my breath away.
It fascinates how death can make angels out of half-crazy basket-case people.
All I remember now is his laughing face.
Dear God, please navigate his ass safely through heavens gate.
At last embraced in peace and everlasting grace.

We all rest in graves eventually and pass the weight.
To those that have to stay behind.
And reminisce of great and blessed days, I guess.
And wait until that final last of days when judgement come.
No attempts on my behalf at making cheap conclusions.
Beyond having wrath and rage attach to pages.
Where things rhyme and make sense.

Come the seventh day.
Curlsta, you should see how they follow right down your path today.
You would estimate  your body in a casket may serve as a warning to.
those mourning you.
But things just seem to escalate.
Their ears are deaf. they make it clear that I don't have a say.
And what I have to say to you is going to have to wait.
So I'm going to finish it off now, because  ain't' much left to say.

