Out of Sight (Yo) Lyrics
by Rufus Blaq.

Have you ever been ambushed?

Every time I write a rhyme.
You know it's tight.
People say B-L-A-Q you out of sight.
Yo chiki chiki high chiko.
Comin' through 'bout to do the impossible.

Never test B-L-A-Q the six footer.
You tried to call my bluff How could ya?
Frontin' when you ain't got straps.
Why would ya?
Cuttin' hard core &amp; ya tank's full of sugar.
You can never compare to rhymes I write.
My style is ferocious &amp; I'm gettin' ?? for tonight.
Groupies in my hotel lobby I'm hittin' on 'em.
Niggas try to take my reign I'm shittin' on 'em.
As is I'm trippin' on 'em tracks I'm flippin' on 'em.
Niggas ain't satisfied 'til my weapon is spittin' on 'em.
Everytime I bust mine your soul burn.
You niggas yearn to learn my flows spread the germs.
Makin' you squirm any MC can get his ass beat.
Blowin' up the spot in spite of the last beef.
Chiki ko ya highest title ya numero uno.
My wife is Puerto Rican so we speak in ??
Nationality noo it don't matter where you rest.
You can still catch verbal slugs to ya chest.
You niggas tryin' to front like you hard as cold steel.
The Sweetest Thing, I've ever known is Bourbon Hills.

Who the most John Blaze?
And who John Doe?
I'm too hot chiki chiki ahh chiki o.
Unfadeable  top dollar.
When I bark I bite rougher than Rottweiler.
Pull around here I'm buckin' your Impala.
My entourage is large like Kamala.
The women holler I lay my game down sick.
Heeyyy stick it up in yo' girl so I'm quick.
Tickle it hee hee hee hee hee Who I be?
A P to the I to the M to the P.
Lyrically y'all haters should not test.
I'm too laced ice on my wrist to chest.
You talkin' shit when you never progress.
I'm a excel until I have no goals left I'm gone.

B-L-A-Q's gonna make you dance.
Ambush gonna make you dance.
What what come on.
M-O double B's gonna make you dance.
Dontell wanna make you dance.

Every time I write a rhyme.
You know it's tight.
People say B-L-A-Q you out of sight.
Yo chiki chiki high chiko.
Comin' through 'bout to do the impossible.

A to the M-B-U-S-H Ambush baby.
A to the M-B-U-S-H never forgets.
A to the M-B-U-S-H uhh that's us that's us.
Ha haa uh uhh uhh A to the M-B-U-S-H.

