Outer Here Lyrics
by Swych.


Do you want to, do you want to do like a *laughs*.
Do you want to do like a little like, improv rap song?
Yeah, give me a beat.
*beatboxes*.

Welcome to my world.
Quiet as a library.
Ain't no one to talk to.
Ain't no place to walk to.
Only things to run from.
And my mind run a mile a minute.
Trying to stay like Popeye on the spinach.
Screw the dealer, all these cards I deal with.
Make you need a dealer but I'm chilling.
At least I try to.
Look up at these gray clouds.
Still trying to find blue.
But them hard times colorblind you.
And they say one day the sun'll shine through, but.
Everytime they say it why do.
I feel like I'm being lied to.
So I do.
What I do.
Just to.
Make it through.

MIC,  &amp; {Game Grumps}.
I can't take it anymore.
I think I might lose this war.
let me breathe.
Man I got to) {Get Outta Here}.
{Get Outta Here}.

808's &amp; Heartbreak with the bass turned up.
Feels like I'm living life with the pain turned up.
Make you want to stay turnt up, so the music all the way turned up.
Heart got the hate turned up, heart got the hate turned up.
Take a light jog in my shoes lace these up.
Bet your eyes gon' fill a lake right up.
Boy meets girl, girl becomes world, ain't no gravity he's fallen.
Falling, falling, she don't even hear him calling.
This could be your life, this could be your moms, this could be your broad.

This is life and it isn't right, tell me is it wrong?

Suicide!
I ain't beating around the bush or being p.c., it's a do and die.
What is there to gain from a loss of pain when you also lose your life.

Too many thoughts you wouldn't understand you looking at it with a human eye.
But regardless it isn't right so.
Turn up this song, if the pain ever been too much.
Turn up this song, until the speakers tear the roof off.
When it's too dark, too hot, like DMX debut.
Music saved him, music saved me, I just hope the music can save you.
Before it's too late, drop that blade.
Drop this track, let it play.
Run it back, let it play again.
Let's get away.

Get outta here! *laughs*.
There's some gold.

