Packing Light Lyrics
by Ruslan.


This right here that next level.
This right here the best ever.
Dream Junkies and the rest asleep.
Why would I waste my breathe ever.
This right here that okie-doke.
Vengeance is Mine says the Lord of Hosts.
Like when Jax and his sons watched Opie go.
Or when Diddy punched Drizzy no OVO.
Oh, oh and they wonder why I'm so bold.
'For they know I'm a hit 'em with the choke hold.
'For they know it I'm a hit 'em with the Stone Cold.
It's all wrestling what you don't know.
Don't you wondering what you to be on.
In the streets shady you feel like the peons.
So we do it ourselves without any help.
While inspiring that is what we have been on.
Put ourselves on independent.
No corporations that are all up in it.
No stockholders on my shoulders.
Blind eyes asking me if I'm focused.
And we ain't even talking 'bout skill.
Pound for pound we kill any rapper at will.
But you knew that already, you really ain't ready.
To see this machete make human spaghetti.
I'm gone.

Packing light.
Packing light life of the party.
I'm a rock.
Mardi-Gras and hot tamale.
Call the cops.
I been on that Eniac.
And people watch.
My native tongue is speaker box.
They ain't got no idea.
They ain't got noway hosay.
They don't know why I'm here.
You say no I say ok.

This right here that lullaby.
Go head take that breath of sleep.
Go head take that Dimetapp.
Put your pajamas on and I hope you dream.
I'm tutored by Freddy Kruger.
I'm neutered by no one ever.
So you know I let 'em hang low.
So they hang out with my ankles.
I could give a damn about a blog post.
Or a comment, I'm a comet.
They tell me swallow my pride.
But I can't cause I'd vomit.
Long days I'm on the Westside.
There's a Bible study from a mosh-pit.
That's Baltimore 3000 miles.
That's a dub-step and a long trip.
Lightweight I'm tipsy off one sip.
I'm drunk and hated, I'm drunk and hate it.
And my life be looking like Ned Flanders.
But all my bars be R-rated.
Ohh, but barely.
Maybe just the majority.
I'm the black sheep and the minority.
So when you're counting sheep.
You don't notice me.
C'mon.

This right here that new scene.
This might make you lose it.
This right here that Scarface.
You wanna go to war you better choose Skip.
This right here that drunk card.
This right here that Happy Meal.
If Donald double don't put patty cakes.
Then I'll have it eat it and then poop it.
I'm a pioneer for this dream.
I'm the pilot steering this thing.
I'm a violent savage with the right of passage.
On the mainline when I sing.
Tell that drummer boy play the drum.
Tell that drummer boy play the drum.
We the Humpty to all of your Dumpty.
You dummies pa rum pum pum pum pum pum pum.
Killing these rappers is fun.
We the new rappers we sons.
Brothers we dream.
Maybe we'll give it back when we done.
Nah, we ain't gon' never be done.
Level to level to level to level.
We done dreamt off cause you not my Soul Rebel.
I'm ready for anything killing with purpose.
Arrgg.

They say you need 10,000 hours to be considered and expert.
Well he did it in only 10.
And that've been within his sleep.
He's an avalanche in the middle of the desert.
Every track he sees he eats like lobster and shrimp.
So fluid with the wordplay they can't tell weather he's a preacher of a pimp.
Even in a room by himself he's amongst great company.
Vini Vidi Vici, he came, he saw, he conquered.
Even when they thought he was condor.
So mystical even his mama thought he was conjured.
Some would say the rise was to fast.
But when you packing light.
Lifes' baggage is just a baggage of unpacking move out your path.

