Pain (Bird & D.Ship) Lyrics
by Zoo Crew.


Fuck it, uh.
Yo.

It feels like the - sky's falling down on me.
I don't know why I feel this way, maybe it's cause I feel pain everyday.
Feel like the sky's fallin down on me.
I don't know why I feel this way, maybe it's cause I feel pain everyday.

This pain hurts, fuck around and get murked.
Brain full of evil thoughts, watch me go berserk.
Learn life and death, give out respect.
Don't expect it back, cause it's something people lack.
That's a fact - if the people want me come and get it, I'll make 'em bleed.
without a weapon.
Go beast mode like Armageddon, you are hell but I am heaven.
Look at me... I'm so frustrated.
I fucking HATE being underestimated.
Uh, I drink and smoke 'till I'm like Where'd my problems go?
Life is now too slow, so I take a Molly dose.
In my nose, judge me if you want it's the life I chose.
God has my back I promise that I know fo sho.
I live life as if it were a game.
Grand Theft Auto: Fuck the cops, I evade!
I'm sick and tired of the pain.
I'm feeling like I should drive a car into an oncoming train, dang.

It feels like the - sky's falling down on me.
I don't know why I feel this way, maybe it's cause I feel pain everyday.
Feel like the sky's fallin' down on me.
I don't know why I feel this way, maybe it's cause I feel pain everyday.

Pain everyday, so I take Jane to my brain.
Exorcise my mind, cause I'm not feelin' okay.
Stress got me fucked up, got my goin' insane.
Brush haters off my shoulder with every breath I take.
Prosper in this game, for the rest? I advise the same.
Daily Struggles come with daily pain each and everyday.
Everybody makes mistakes, deal a hand that's slaved.
Make your work play, life's all that you make -.
It, believe in yourself that you can make it.
Life's a bitch so make or take it, leave her naked.
Underestimated cause we underrated by understatements.
That's why we frustrated with no patience.
We got the world in our hands, understand your place and where you stand.
Make sure you got a plan, you could be the man.
Push aside your troubles like, you don't even give a damn.
It puts a purpose in this life and gives us all a plan.

It feels like the - sky's falling down on me.
I don't know why I feel this way, maybe it's cause I feel pain everyday.
Feel like the sky's fallin down on me.
I don't know why I feel this way, maybe it's cause I feel pain everyday.

