Pandemonium (Remastered) Lyrics
by 57 Pixels.


It's Pandemonium.
Pour sodium, on a snail so screaming we aren't the only ones.
You can't condone me, son.
I've bared more cuts and scars than that of Yogi's son.

For starters, I'm known as a post-war martyr.
Imaginary to most like homes owned by Foster.
A sloucher, known for having the best posture.

Cause the trucks on the high train never stop.
And the Dro's out so now we're rolling up paradox.
Silence all around, megaphone shouting,  Let me talk!
People won't shut up, because I haven't said a lot.
Oh wow, now I'm the best kind of worthless.
Everyone wants me, but none has made a purchase.
Charles Manson, that's a bastard I could work with.
Since Jeepers Creepers decided not to go lurk, bitch.
Broken glass wearing, tokin' ass blaring, Good luck!
To Katie Holmes because Tom Cruise is someone she would fuck.
Here's a shout out to all the famous rappers I could want.

Cause I'm breaking out this closet it's.
Monstrous, like I'm straight hanging out with Lochness, this.
Providence, consist of women who compete in jawing dicks.
Preposterous, like a throat chalk full of sausages.
And they say ugly babies grow up to be cute.
Either I'm still growing or that shit's not true.
Stop fool, just bought a new watch don't make me clock you.
Never enough time so it seems like I got to stop soon.

57 Pixels/ Not-57 Pixels.
Sike! I lied to you.
And after I slip this in your drink you'll be tired too.
Drag you over to my place so we can get this excitement though.
Why you fighting boo? My life of crime and high pride makes me cry to you.
Marcus my carpet rots with your sisters carcass.
That I threw in a mosh pit in August to stop it.
From stinking up my closet. I lost it.
Yeah I finally gone crazy. Can you blame me?
I haven't been allowed outside lately.
It may seem strangely odd to thank me.
But I drank the blood of the people you said you hate baby.
I'm damned see? And no one can help me.
Tell me how I made a prono of just me and a jail scene.
Stop mom watch John and I shoot up some of this hellsing.
What do you mean I'm alone in here? Wheres Chelsea.
Shit, it turns out it was only me recycling like Wellstin.

