Pangaea Lyrics
by Visionaries.


We started as one, then we drifted.
Separated as continents that shifted.
All the pieces fit can't you see the.
Togetherness Visionaries Pangaea.

It all began together.
Before we ever ran together.
Before we ever took a stand together.
We understand that whether or not.
We tether a knot for humanity.
We must stand to weather the hatred. separation.
It's easier to make than break it we're breakin'.
Stereotypes with the yes yall on the mic.
Get yourself right we're not all alike.
But fall right into place face adversity.
Appreciate diversity nursery to university.
Past any degree see universally.

One love bound by culture and sound.
Been around the world and no denying.
We're all under the same sun so keep shining.

The planet's so small with all the origins.
Which ever one you're in we get the light pouring in.
We pass segregation with unification.
Savages invading civilizations.
Riddle the nation with belittlement.
We lift off without aviation we're only divided by distance.
It's an honor this is outstanding.
An 8 year flight came in for the landing.
We spread all over the map.
Instead of stripping the culture we give love back.

As I walk through the labyrinth halls past the cell walls.
I recall a 200,000 dream of an African Queen passing her genes.
To all of our mothers silver spoons to the gutter redeem the structure.
We've seen destruction and how we rebuild from nothing.
Slaves to infiltration of the government.
A smoke ring puffed in the air.
The soul's microcosmic JAH is forever the spark.
Behind the artist with the krylon fantip.
Bombin' panoramics with an eye on Atlantis.
Cataclysmic Egypt is geometrically linked to Asian and Mayan pyramids.
This indigenous mystic knew the movements of the stars.
When there were no satellites to probe the darkness.
Behold the arc it's esoteric eternal and inherited.
We are all connected Vision on some next ish.

Travel mother earth don't forget your Aunt-arctica.
Remember that Uncle Africa's part of ya.
Pisces high seas Caribbean.
Indigenous Indian aquatic amphibian.
From the isles of the South Atlantic.
My revolutionary styles they mouth gigantic.
Rhythmic riddles from the Middle East.
Asian hymnals get rid of the beast.
South American Brazilian high lands.
Through out the area hit million's lives man.
Roping off Oceana enveloped by the whole sea and a....
Improbable provinces the fences in your mind is where the only fence is.
2Mex rocks steady over granite.
Trotted the globe ready for another planet.

Let's carry our brothers carry our sisters.
Weight of world is hard to hold we showing blisters.
It was always in the cards when GOD dealt it.

So we sharpened up our tools and got the point across.
The Visionarie arc reunites love lost.
We higher learning with lower incomes.
And in the middle of battlefield for freedom.
We take a stand joining hands in a circle man.
Represent the world just a local band understand.
Pangaea see, the only separation is 6 degrees and rough seas.

