Papier Mâché Lyrics
by Swordplay.


I'm made of papier-mâché.
When I wake up, it's lights out and then I like to wander away.

Well, I've been skull fucked with a musket.
And I don't trust it.
I'm rusty like lusting after young love with no substance.
I've stumbled my way out of a jungle tumbling all about without making any.
footprints.
And I'm stuck in the pit with cottonmouth and no limbs.
In a belligerent Zen. I must have been up daydreaming on a GRTC city bus again.
A combustible engine, water pumps and skin.
Simon says nothing of note to sovereign me.
I dream of then and your words, and I need a pinch.
An aluminum bat in my face and I won't flinch.
And I don't give a fuck about how much he can bench.
See, there's money on the line and money's money all the time, but this time.
I'm in line for a live show mindfuck.
I'm spinning with the Fan blades.
I'm dancing on a table with a hand grenade.
Tap dance, three A.M. strange arcades, arcane matter, sound fades…
Ear wax made of forgotten memories, I pick at it with a pick axe and pixilated.
skew on things perhaps.
The nuances sting. And I don't get gravity or self-made maps.
It never happened, It was bound to collapse.
I'm on that same plane with a fate that I can't cash.
Have you ever met a pack of scientists that could not split an atom?
I'm picking it apart and spittin' the littlest bits at 'em.
Adam and Eve's coffin.
A sleeping bag for two. Use fabric softener often.
I got Planet Earth and a bionic dolphin.
But you're in the middle of a kissing contest.
Walk up in the club with radioactive bling.
Get carried away on a pterodactyl wing.
Personal attack, I castle my king.
Take the cockpit and make the captain sing.
Sing me to sleep. I'm on my feet.
I've got a secret that I really can't keep.
But it reeks of insincerity.
And five years later I don't dare to say “prepare yourself for disparity”.
Because I am a parody of my former self, no clarity.
Like time on a watch on a wrist in a fight.
I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine.

