Paris Lyrics
by Yung Simmie.


I just came from Paris 
Now, my chick she from Paris, 
This weed, I'm smoking from Paris. 
I got hitters out in Paris. 
I got rich chopping out in Paris, 
Fucked your bitch one night in Paris, 
Getting money out in Paris, 
With snow bunnies out in Paris, 
 
I, just landed, 
You, wouldn't understand it. 
I was on another planet out in Paris: 
So, don't you dare compare us 
Get embarrassed 
I ain't average, I'm above it 
Change the subject, 
Living life and I love it. 
Lean with the sprite pouring drink got in London 
I. Does it 
Smoking weed in public 
I'm, quick to change the subject? 
If it ain't about the budget? It'S nothing 
Miami! Nigga out in London, 
I'm chilling with Amber London from Texas. We in London 
You frontin', it's nothin', we stuntin' 
Like, dare devils a young fellow I'm like Carmelo in blue and yellow, like hello, 
I'm, so mellow, I'm so hard like metal, 
You. So soft, like jello 
While, I hotbox my space shuttle 
'Till my mind's settled 
Paris bitch. When she's talk sound like falsetto 
Swag on another level, 
 
Niggas in Paris, no Hova and Yeezus, I'm draped up in gold like the cover
 
Curry, the killer, that nigga is the teflon, so I got ta take over the whole
goddamn summer. 
Take you on a cruise I'll, be your top gunner. When she jumping on my Eiffel it
will turn her into a runner 
Iced out aquarius, I keep it gold, rubber, bling, bling cash money, I'm a big time
stunner 
Woah that shit crazy. She mix that yay with the jay 
Took that shit to the face all straight lace, no settles nigga straight lace: 
Bitches wan na talk about play, 
Play with the wee no bitch play with oui oui 
That's, yes, bitch oui, oui 
BBC in a BMW, and I don't Really give a fuck these hoes wan na show me love. So
I got ta, go. Do it 
Who wants to drink the Curry, fluid 
Put her on the head. Like a Buddhist 
After, I do it. Denny has to kick the bitch out 
Now the bitch. Looking real clueless 
Jizzed on her locks, just like a motherfuckin' jewish 
Beat, the pussy up'till, it's ruined 
Wait hold up who this ho is came through shiz with a dope bitch 
Niggas out in Paris yeah. I got the hoes 
Suckin' on my schlong suckin' on my schlong 
Yeah. It'S hella long bitch, it's hella long, 
Oui, oui bitch. What do you say I get in the thong 
 
