Patter the RACK Lyrics
by ZOOpfish.


Everybody think they can rap 
Dude. I just do it better. As a matter of fact, 
You beat me never your clatter is wack 
The kid just too clever man Patter the RACK 
Patter, the RACK, yeah 
Patter, the RACK, 
Too bad, so sad, here's a pat on the back 
Yup, I'm the one with the fabulous taps 
Now. She talking to her friends, saying Patter the RACK 
 
Don't quit your day job! Oh, don't quit your day. Job 
Cause, your scheming, only work for so long until you made off 
To, be one those those dudes telling story's like Aesop 
You embarrassed yourself. Think it's time to save face, stop 
Cause your flows to weak 
And. Your lyics don't mean shit. 
I could flow for weaks 
And, my lyrics, the meanest 
Kinda smart, but lyrically a genius 
Heard Jimmy Buffet. Now she all over my penis, please 
This zoo, shits, a well oiled machine, 
I murder, the beat then Temme make it clean, 
Olivia, pope and Associate the scene 
Boy stay Huckin' with it B, 613 
Got'em shaking like Hakeem tell'em in your dreams, 
Triple jumped the candlestick and Stole the magic beans, Jackass 
Yeah, crazy, the scene, 
Zeta Theta, Theta Fetty. No, I in team 
Hands up saying A like YMC 
Can't, get to 1st base. Look who slide in P 
Ahead of everything you do so. You finally see 
You hungry. I already 5 3 
Millennial Nelly come and ride wit me 
Compliment the confidence. The way I ride the beat 
Cause it's. Oh so wavy 
P grab the mic and the place go crazy. 
 
Back in days in my ways didn't get me then 
Now. She wan na have dinner, get typsy and 
I'll be home in the winner told her hit me. Then 
Blowing o's, like the bros in the Hippy Den 
She'd, prefer I stop smoking Weed for a bit. 
I told her that I'd prefer her, not preferring shit. 
Zθθ Project murdered it you heard of it 
Said no, but she knowing every word of it 
And I just wan na forget you like Cee Lo 
Put, the at in frat me and D'lo. Go beast mode. 
Spilling beer and swearing at the kid in pea coat. 
He thinks he saw a ghost like meek, did on R.I.C.O 
People, listen up im bout to preach 
Givin, not in position to teach 
You can bottom fill your basket, but you know the best peach 
Is. Only just outta your reach don't be afraid to reach 
 
Everybody. Think they can rap 
Dude. I just do it better. As a matter of fact, 
You beat me whatever your clatter still wack 
The kid. Just too clever man, Patter killed that
 
