Paxxin' Out Lyrics
by Yung Rudd.


Ride with a girl named Keisha!
Nigga, I'm smoking on Keisha!
*laughs*.
The irony is that's true though....
Ayo.

Yung Rudd's about to go hard, on this even harder beat.
Cashin' Out? Like Dahlia says dawg, I have to dweet.
People always asking, What's the point? and I just say.
My name is not Kublalsingh my bretheren, I have to eat..
I man spit hot fire like Dylan.
Don't mess with me, I have goons around me like pipe stands.
I don't even have to break no dough like, taekwon-.
They'll shoot for free, you'll be eating bullets like Char Sui Kai Fan.
International bretheren, I used to live in Thailand.
Barbados, Holland, France and even tried Can-ada.
Though I've lived here for the longest time span.
But dawg, now even my main squeeze like tight pants.
Isn't even from here, but trust I will take take us out.
If it is unclear, making it big is all I'm about.
That's why these hoes tell me.
Come here!, askin me 2 put.
something in their mouths.
But bun that, bun that, I say fire bun that.
I like grade, like grade, always rolling something fat.
No seeds, no sticks, unlike frigging thumb tacks.
Hot rappers, hot rappers, who is #1? Paxx.
I am the shit yo, don't diss though.
Cause I'z a man go leave you with the blues, no Crips tho.
Hoes show me their cake, and want me to cut a slice like Kimbo.
But i have a girl, I'll stay with my Missy like Timbo.
Shout out to my kinfolk, Foderingham and Rudder side.
I'll make sure we rich yo, or at least I'm gonna try.
We get low like limbo, but I'm still up in the sky.
Blowing on that indo, damn right I frigging high.
How you think my flows get so swanky?
Rhymes fat like a mampee.
That's why people's say I'z the shit... Mr. Hanky.
From youth men to tanties.
With raps and parang scene.
I'm putting my team on... like after tamp-.
Heh get it? Tampons?
These tracks are what DJs keep spinnin' and putting their stamp on.
Lyrically got that dope, so I'm behind bars... like Banton.
Shout out Buju, I'm that new-new.
You don't want no beef, because I'm a warrior like Zulu.
I love Trinidad, those foreign 5 course meals are too-too.
Give me Sunday lunch: callaloo, mac- pie, stewed chicken and coo coo.
From the land where a mosquito bite mark is called a boo boo.
To yanks, that's a girlfriend, in Trinidad we call them doux-doux.
Rep that red white x black, holding that flag high.
If you say you don't like thisis, then you's a damn lie.
Nothing true don't ever pass your mouth, I should hit your ass a clout.
But bun lashing out, I'm focused cashing out, Paxx i'm out.
BITCH.

Allyuh don't have to worry about nothing but me, nah.
Other rappers pointless like the SOE was.
That's why when they hear me they start to beat up.

You know what I'm about.
Cashing out.
Paxx, I'm out.

