Play That Way Lyrics
by The Underachievers.

Produced by Ronny J.

Nigga mind just like a calico, I let it go.
I'm takin' risks, I bet that money flow, geranimo.
If she ain't fuckin' then she gotta go, like adios.
If that weed ain't like that Cali dro don't pass it bro.
That shit be too strong nigga, it got me flexin' in the back.
My money too long nigga, 33% in tax.
You fuckin' coupon niggas, I see you saving all them tags.
My nigga the  I hit them all and blow a bag.
See she really tryna kiss me now, see me in the crowd.
Niggas really tryna diss me now, they can't take me out.
She be sippin' on that Henny now, say she feel alive.
I drink Remy like I'm Fetty Wap, nigga fuck the cops.
That was random, she.
dirty dancin', she in a trance and.
She tryna fuck with niggas way above the average and.
My niggas runnin' through the thing just like a savage uh.
We stackin' up until the gang is livin' lavish, uh.
They be tryna hang with us, they steel be poppin', okay.
But we don't fuck with niggas all about that clout, no way.
I'd rather be alone than fuckin' with these clowns, okay.
These niggas act like they around but they ain't really know me.

Rollin dolo, I'm like yolo, fuck your gang and fuck your team.
All my niggas reign supreme, all my hoes in magazines.
Flatbush usually where I stay at when I'm out on the East.
Know some niggas give you nightmares in broad day like spark that heat.
We don't play that way my G.
Nah we don't play that way my G.
AK spray and split your back, and you gon' stay that way my G.
Talk your shit and we react like Jordan fadeaway my G.
No matter what we goin'.
Aura golden, can't.
control him, I'm like Odom, lord.

I'm like Oden,.
lightenin' strike that's when I go in.
At this height I don't fear no one.
Roll your dice you might get chosen, uh.
Wake up and roll up my stress.
Everyday life is a test.
Nigga finesse.
I do not feel you a threat.
Know some goons that'll fill you with lead, uh.
You were in the.
buildin', F UT we in.
the buildin'.
Used to be civilians now we out pushin' the limits.
Check your scouter cause my power level like a million.
Got Sub-Zero flow, your mortal soul get quickly finished.
Back on tour again, no time for snorin', get the motors in.
Know we got the juice.
when in the booth, the truth my origin.
El Chapo, break through bout the box they try to store us in.
Run they mouth like Forrest leave 'em leakin' like a faucet.

And I'm draped in Saint Laurent, guess I'm product of the beast.
Let them have it from believein' what they want that's fine with me.
I got love inside of me.
I got drugs inside of me.

Rolling dolo, I'm like yolo, fuck your gang and fuck your team.
All my niggas reign supreme, all my hoes in magazines.
Flatbush usually where I stay at when I'm out on the East.
Know some niggas give you nightmares in broad day like spark that heat.
We don't play that way my G.
Nah we don't play that way my G.
AK spray and split your back, and you gon' stay that way my G.
Talk your shit and we react like Jordan fadeaway my G.
No matter what we goin'.
Aura golden, can't.
control him, I'm like Odom, lord.

