Please Don't Kill My Vibe Lyrics
by Ruslan.


I am a sinner who's probably gonna sin again.
Lord forgive me, Lord forgive me.
Things I don't understand.
Sometimes I need to be alone.
It's just been one of them weeks.
Ruslan.
Look, I should really be workin' on my album right now.
But I couldn't help myself.
Please don't kill my vibe, please don't kill my vibe.
Please don't kill my vibe, please don't kill my vibe.

Look inside of my eyes and you will soon find a greener eclipse.
Tryna get though, from the get-go.
You the blacks don't miss.
Hey, it could feel the strangest.
It could feel like you and your best friend are now becoming strangers.
I can tell you that I have failed you.
But you tell me I'm brainless.
And I cannot change this.
How can I say the scripture.
When the ? for blind, it may not hit ya.
Went on the road and I came back a star.
Think that I made it and I am in charge.
Seeing me different and thinkin' I switched.
Man, this whole process is feeling bizarre.
I'm just happy to be out of my script.
Tell me why you think I'm different again.
Taken for granted and then we'll be missed.
Taken for granted, later will be missed.

I can feel the changes.
I can feel the same people 'round me, now they thinkin' I'm famous.
My savior saved me, my city made me.
And put me on stages.
To me that's amazing.
To you that's outrageous, hate this.
But please shutup, let me say this.

I am a sinner who's probably gonna sin again.
Lord forgive me, Lord forgive me.
Things I don't understand.
Sometimes I need to be alone.
Please don't kill my vibe, please don't kill my vibe.
I can feel your energy from three planets away.
I got my Word, I got my music.
I would share it but today I'm singin'.
Please don't kill my vibe, please don't kill my vibe.
Please don't kill my vibe, please don't kill my vibe.

I'm tryna to stay on the path, and not look on back to what we once was.
You tryna churn into somethin'.
Tip on that malt to get you that uuz.
Feelin' the rapture.
We live in a world, we live in a world.
That wants to laugh at ya.
We live in a world.
I could be honest, I know they don't hear us.
They carousel ? life continues propellin' us.
Forward, they just wanna put us on the auction block but there's no way they.
sellin' us.
Worth more than minimum wage.
Forever you could relate.
Any subliminal.
Back in my criminal days, I would stil live in a way.
That was reciprocal, this was nothin' I could change.
So the Messiah was slain.
Wow, what a miracle.
Opened the door to be saved.
Jesus opened the door for all of us to be saved.

They ? like this.
Been a long time, can't you see the Lord smiling.
They waitin' on ? heart, the tank is all empty.
Xs in the air, and they do it by instinct.
Hide your children, hide your children.
We are not better than you.
Please don't put any of these rappers on a pedastal.
Please don't kill my vibe, please don't kill my vibe.
We don't wanna hear anymore of your lies.
My New Year's resolution is the Kings Dream movement.
Shut your whole thing down, don't you question what I'm doing.
Please don't kill my vibe, please don't kill my vibe.
Please don't kill my vibe, please don't kill my vibe.

