PliéOnly Lyrics
by Tyler coolidge.


You, you shoulda known better.
Man I warned you bout my issues my tendencies not to miss you.
Once you got that on up outta here.
You disregarded that.
You do what you please and I just had to be a part of that.
I see it's pouring out.
I texted you suggesting firing up the n-6-4.
Let's get a session of some Mario tennis cause you be swearing you nice.
Let's make this interesting.
Rid yourself of them tights once i'm right and I sweep the floor with you.
And don't you try to reset.
You better bet I'm keeping score of you.
I release a victory roarrrr or two.
Then you shove me and I slowly be wanting more of you.
Then you mount my vessel and whisper.

Now it's candles burning, our shadows in the night.
Our bodies intertwining under luminescent light.
Don't it feel so-right.
Candles-dancing.
Shadows-dancing.
Me and you dancing in the night.
Skinny dipping in the moonlight.
Don't it feel so right, don't it feel so, right.
Candles-dancing, shadows-dancing.
Me and you dancing in the/.

Super Nintendo and sexual innuendo.
Leave me trembling your temple, not mentally.
Monumentally but gentle.
When I need to be.
It seem to me.
You're feening me, unbelievably.
I'm feeling like you needing me increasingly as we proceed.
To break each other off this fucking frequently.
And errybody tell me you be catching feelings secretly, still wonder bout.

He wearing Versace she wearing regret.
It's pungency's abundant.
Especially since I'm up undit, we shun it and yet.
I can't forget all your vicarious voices.
They tryna push me to make some choices to benefit you.
So I let erry last one of them know.
You ain't the victim here I got the SMS to show but she like.

Cassie:.
Baby I'll love you all the way down.
Get you right where you like it.
I promise you'll like it.
I swear.
Just relax and let me make a move.
It's our secret babe.
Keep it between me and you.
Thinking about making that move.
Baby tell me if you like it.
It's me and you, now.
I been waiting.
Think I wanna make a move, now.
Baby tell me how you like it.

tyler coolidge:.
Hold up... I needa go outside for a minute.
I'll be right back.

I want you, and only you.
Seems like with every new female acquaintance.
There is no patience no waiting to find you, and only you.
Somewhere in there within em.
Flow is like these feelings like this denim, raw as can be.
It's like you could not be more Farther from me.
And any women to cross my path just make it harder for me.
Can't keep pretending much longer.
So come hell or high water.
I gotta reach you need to do it for this frown.
Need to do it for every one of these women been turned down.
They're certain I'll come around but I'll pull the curtains on that view.
Cause in a sea of people I will always search for you.

If only you could hear my cry.
The only thing I'm taken by.
And Only you can make me feel.
I'm lonely so you know it's real.

Ashanti:.

Crazy about the way you make me feel.
I just gotta have you here.
And I wanna let you know.
I will never ever let you go.

