Point of No Return Lyrics
by The Wreckshop Family.


I'M at the point of no return 
Caught up in this game, everybody know my name: 
I got money to burn 
, 
Ronnie, Spencer, 
I've been struggling, started off with nothing. 
Everybody know me as the one to do thangs for free 
Right. Now I'm on the grind: 
See, you got yours, I got ta get mine 
See. The most high gave me a sign, 
He said son. It'S your time. 
 
Dirty $ 
I'm. At the crossroad. In my life and baby, it's do or die 
Fall or floss. Small or cry could mean slow suicide. 
On these streets scratching. For my keep grinding for my people, 
When you're not treated equal, it's so hard to live legal 
Will. My seed deceive em to this. Never ending saga 
Fascinated by cash, cars and clothes, just like our papa 
Taking mo' gambles than Pac did in pursuit of the dolla 
On the verge of crapping out from money and power, 
Having, big body dreams and wood grain wishes 
Trying to taste the good life cause. It looks so delicious 
Man, the pressure's tremendous, so I smoke on spinach 
Trying to find some piece of mind than get caught from behind 
Mashing for the finish line in this cruel millennium, 
Make mo' shine than lime, I'm spending more than time, 
Rocking pie with dimes keep The top reclined 
Use to be caught up in grind now addicted to rhyme 
, 
Ronnie Spencer, 
Never turn my back on. What'S real to me, 
That's my love for my Wreckshop family 
I had my share of likes up's and down's 
And. Thank goodness. I'M still around 
Never could make it on my own 
When, I'm looking in the sky and I'm feeling so fly 
But, though one day you're here 
Then the next day, you're gone, 
, 
Tyte, Eyez 
I'm at the point of no return and ain't. No looking back 
Cause. There'S ends I got to meet big faces. I got to stack, 
They, say: man'll make the money, but money'll make us move 
Positions to get richer. A seven figga made dude 
Calm on the cool collecting cash flow, 

The new millennium, Mr. Tyte E-Z 
And. If I turn my back now, then my kids won't eat. 
My, wolf pack won't sleep until we slay all prey. 
Get vicious without perdition in this Y2K 
This feddy is in my vision in this hectic paper chase 
Wrecking my lyrical weapon pimp the pen at a steady pace, 
Appreciate God pressing no cases and no bars, 
Frauds and changed faces, but my game's up to par 
A ghetto, Shooting star and I ain't trying to go back, 
To, the guns and the slums and the jacks, or the crack 
 
Ronnie Spencer, 
La-da-da-da-da 
La-da-da-da-da-da-da-da 4x 
 
Iiiiii'm caught up caught up 
To the point of no return. Everybody 
Everybody knooows, caught up baby 
Ooooh-oooooh caught up baby 
I, don't wan na go back. I don't wan na leave. 
I, don't wan na go back baby 
I'm caught up heeeey
 
