Political Lyrics
by Rumor.


Ugh They say your power is in your thumb. 
And knowledge is power 
So. If it's not in our heads, does it make us dumb 
Lets go ahead and ballot, Let's give'em some 
No? No, no, they can have it all. We don't want. None. 
You can have the good lands leave us in the slums. 
You can have all the bread just give us the crumbs 
Look. What our thumbs have made. You become 
A. Couple of years later, a bunch of Donald Trumps, 
With swizz bank accounts and multiple Pied-à-terre 
Have. You seen the villages in the cities, rear, 
The, government, school kids, scrambling for chairs, 
But you'll, never know cos your kids don't school here, 
Your term of office is coming to an end, 
It's time to summon all your family and friends 
Cos. The election is approaching again 
Tell us what we wan na hear and we'll make sure you win 
 
Hear them. I hear them saying: 
Money and power make the world go round and round 
They playing all the dirty games. 
What we gon na do 
What. We gon na do 
Should. We pretend that everything's all right 
And wait for the government to change your life 
Shift. The paradigm in your mind, 
What we gon na do 
What. We gon na do 
 
The nation loves me. I'M like it's hero 
I'll, provide the needs of the ordinary people, 
That's. What I tell them, but then again my true goal: 
Is to rob you with the help of my government bureau 
But. I have no inclination of telling you that 
Democracy's on vacation hush and pay your taxes 
Motto is forward never forever backwards. 
Appreciate your ex-gratia payments, gracias, 
But! How about a re-up 
You can call it grotesque, I'm not giving this seat up 
Go ahead and protest. Y'All just gon' get beat up. 
This is a lucrative business. You'Ll, never get a piece of 
Do. You know how many people I imprisoned 
How many more. I have killed for no reason. 
I'M guilty of treason 
Can't give the power up for the above reasons, 
 
Spoken Word: Rumor, 
, 
I'm riding through the city windows not rolled down. 
I can hear the silent chaos of the whole town, 
Hawkers selling 
Trotro, conductors or mates as we call them down here. Yelling 
Angry mob lynching, a felon 
They said he stole a fowl, and that was foul 
So. They beat him up until he cried out loud 
But, really 
What about the sinister minister, who robbed the 
Whole nation of every of it's pesewa and cedi
 
