Pop Goes the Weasel Lyrics
by 3rd Bass.

Antoine, Antoine's got something here.
Ro-roll that window.
We have to turn around because I want to shoot you.
Park the limousine, in front of the swamp.
Then I want to shoot you dauncing on the limousine.
With the swamp in the background.
It looks like you're in the jungle, okay?

Let's all sing, Pop Goes the Weasel!

Pete Nice.
Pop goes the, pop goes the windin of the weasel.
I see the empty pocket needs a refill.

MC Serch.
I got a squad with a list of complainers.
I should have started RAPE:.
Rappers Against Phony Entertainers.
So we can make it known that we won't get swayed.
It's ninety-one son, so somethin's gotta change.

Pete Nice.
Gettin paid to peddle sneakers and soda pop.
Pop goes the weasel as drawers drop.
Why not take your top ten pop hit.
Vic the music and make senseless ryhmes fit.

MC Serch.
I guess it's the fact that you can't be artistic.
Intricate raps, becomin' so simplistic.
I gotta strong mind it doesn't have to be spoon-fed.
And I can read what doesn't have to be read.

Pete Nice.
So some stay illiterate and feeble, legally licked.
You go the ways of the weasel.

Pop Pop goes the weasel, the weasel *3X*.
Pop goes the weasel, 'cuz.
the weasel goes pop.

MC Serch.
Hip-hop, got turned into hit pop.
The second a record was number one on the pop charts.
For those that get on heart that gotta in the ghetto.
Let no one forget about the hard part.
Now in ninety-one we got a new brand, a new band.
Lookin like the same old Klan.
Same old theives that skeez so we gotta make sure.
That real rap has got to endure.

Pete Nice.
Why score all my points in one period.
Appearin in complex structure like a pyramid.
The paper for the media presence.
Ya learn lesson from the face of false legend.
Stop vexin on the skills, ya ain't originate.
The thin ice you skate upon will break and set ya straight.
Ate up on the plate, now who's diesel.
Not the weasel, not the weasel, pop goes the weasel.

Serch Ya stole somebody's record then ya looped it, ya looped it.
Pete Ya boosted the record then ya looped it, ya looped it.
Kurious Aiyyo, I came from Cali, and they hooped it, they hooped it.
Pete But now you're getting sued kinda stoopid.

MC Serch.
Boosted tracks get slaps, ya got no haps.
To reach all four corners of the map.
For kids in Kansas.. to those who speak Spanish.
Doin crazy damage so the wack gets banished.
Can't manage the truth until you buy a way.
Ya ain't quick so ya switch off the exit from my highway.
To rest but a crook, had to take a second look.
Ever heard of a chef who can't cook?
But the Minister Prime can lay laws.
Hey yo, Pete Nice, rip the mic and go for yours.

Pete Nice.
Goes for mine, I goes for mine.
Find the Prime won't eat the green eggs and swine.
On line like the Serch, in the hoody with the woody.
Get a disc or tape, at Sam Goody.
Why'd ya run through the doors some left open?
Ropin off the scenes of the crime smokin.
I got pub and I'mma nut like a SCUD see.
Blowin up, like I'm throwin up a beef patty.
Sell-outs run a bout like the measles.
No cures, cause pop goes the weasels.

