Poppin' Lyrics
by Yungjay.


I'M poppin my colla 
I'm poppin, my colla 
I'm poppin poppin poppin poppin poppin poppin poppin, poppin, 
I'm poppin. My colla make all the bitches holla 
They aproach me aye. I never waste a dolla 
Bitches flock to me. I'M talkin orgy, I'm sorry 
I ain't, the fatha go botha Maury 
When bitches, try to holla, I feel like I'm soaring 
If. You can't understand than your life is probably boring. Snoring deeply
sleeping your precious time away, 
Girls across the room. I assume they tryin to say: hey, 
I, walk up to her, pursue her and read her face. 
She'S like hey kid I wan na see you naked 
I was down for the play. 
I was in a trance by the way that she danced 
I bought her allot of drinks cause I'm a romance 
Take her to the crib show her how I live. I tell her thanks. 
She says what 
I tell her your a slut girl. I bought the dranks 
She's like okay ill, give you the lay 
That's what I'm talkin bout 
She's gave my dick a rub in the club parkin lot 
I was recording, don't care if its dark or not 
This girl. I don't trust bout to bust a nut god. Damn she's fine 
I know for a fact that she's comin back ... to slam 
I fucker and duck her like the opposite of a dodge ram. 
I recorded everything on my HD cam 
Damn. It literally went Wham Bam. Thank you. Ma'Am 
 
Yo, I'm poppin my colla and I feel like a balla 
You know, that's how I do it and I drive and Impala 
You know I ain't gunna follow her because shes in mine 
You know I'm Doing that shit cuz. She is my Valentine 
Of course. We have intercourse in the back 
Doing that show her no slack hit her straight up from the back. 
You know, im bigger than shaq, and I am a
bit more black 
I dont give a shit. This girl has got a big rack. 
From Iraq Blew up my dick thats. What I'm sayin you know. She just had me
motherfucking spraying like AK's, dailey, 
I fucked, this one girl and her name was bailey 
, 
I poppin, my collar. She thinks im fine and I could tell 
470-2509. Is my cell 
Let the bitches do the work if they feel like making me 
My, girls are in shape, Damn their
preppin for a track meet 
I got game. Your lame Cock Block. Stop hacking me 
I'm running through the pussy like I was a major athlete 
I'm Known to have her blown I'm larger than shaqs feet. 
Go figure I am bigger. You know that I am packin the heat 
I rider like I'm riding the beat NO HOMO 
When. I upload the video I watch it in complete slomo Im 
 
Poppin, my collar 
 
