Pornhub Anthem (Contest Entry) Lyrics
by Zoltan Nebula.


Welcome to pornhub, worlds biggest porn site.
Where you can cum....and leave full of delight.
You're gonna explode like shaken up Sprite.
But it's all right, there's Kleenex in sight!!
And it's free!! It's not run by greed.
They've got everything you need to satisfy your needs:.
Lesbian and HD, Anal, and Ebony.
Fetish, Fisting, Babes, Striptease.
From Bondage to Creampies, Big Dicks and Orgies.
Latina, Hardcore, whatever gets you horny.
And for the ladies, they've got everything and more.
Female Friendly videos, they don't label you a whore.
And I know there are girls that like like the same as men.
So go on and do your thing girl, outlast the men!!
And gays, I didn't forget about you.
They've got Twinks, and Hunks, and romantic stuff too.
And hell I'll admit, I'm not ashamed to say.
I've even strayed over to Pornhub Gay.
But my main forte is Lesbian Massage.
That shit gets me crazy like seeing a mirage.

I'm watchin Pornhub, all night, all day.
Cause I know a pretty lady ain't comin my way.

I'm watchin Pornhub..........
I'm watchin Pornhub.

It's the life man, one click, hard dick.
Got some time to kill?? Rub one off right quick.
All these great big asses and great big titties.
Plus you can meet hot locals in your city.
Threesomes; That's the best with both girls.
Shemales; Now that's the best of both worlds.
If rappin was wanking then I could've already mastered this.
Too busy spending my nights with all of these actresses.
Dani Daniels, Celeste Starr, Shyla Jennings.
These ladies and more guarantee happy endings.
I even have it saved on my phone.
So I don't have to wait till I'm home alone.

I'm watchin Pornhub, all night, all day.
Cause I know a pretty lady ain't comin my way.

I'm watchin Pornhub..........
I'm watchin Pornhub.

But on a serious note, it provides a safe place.
To explore the depths of this great sex space.
What I mean is if you feel a certain fantasy.
You can safely explore your own sexuality.
Because of this, no risk of pregnancy.
And you don't have to worry about STD's.
Or feeling ashamed if you went and got laid.
Then realized your fantasies and feelings had changed.
And it's a beautiful thing more people should understand.
It goes a lot deeper than just using your hand.

