Portland A.I. Lyrics
by Rustlah.

With every portal comes a path attachment.
On some Being John Locke depressed with hatch detachment.
Pick a life any life will do.
Every portal Is a water slide to what its like to lose.
Your life, So let your life Go.
In Portland A.I. You have to be this tall to ride and strong of mind.

Hero for Hire, Portal diver, Michael Myers.
Mask wearing immortal miser.
A modern Marcus Aurielles but much wiser.
Bus driver pick up hella people just.
To drop em off in different skins.
He got a million faces.
Ain't no telling which he's chilling in.
All circular gates open at the top.
Of Witch Mountain.
Lines of human ants.
Will never quit shouting.
Its a theme park, see the sharks?
They biting everybody.
Even though they think they aren't.
Sheep sit in circular carts.
Selling wolf tickets.
It's the ride of your life.
You wouldn't want to miss it!
Cue John cue Zac.
Playing puppets with the public.
Plucking strings.
Steady switching subjects.
The first in line yell fuck it.
Dive down the slide.
And now reside in someone else's mind.

With every portal comes a path attachment.
On some Being John Locke depressed with hatch detachment.
Pick a life any life will do.
Every portal Is a water slide to what its like to lose.
Your life, So let your life Go.
In Portland A.I. You have to be this tall to ride and strong of mind.

What the hellucinigenic.
Invention pent up dissent intended.
For exit out of the hosts mouth.
But ended up ghost rout.
Ephemeral boasts doubts.
Like how do these hands move baby.
Learn to crawl inside this shell of skin like walls.
And speak in drawl hush now hosty.
Don't think at all.
Making moves for you moves in you.
Every bone and ligament feels like its new sinew.
Souls bleeding through blue windows.
In dark cavernous eye sockets.
Tear drops a tattoo actually live faucets.
Porting is the future where.
Voyeur costs sky rocket.
But wait don't jump in too quick.
Choose your fate at your own pace.
Skin wearing porters treat the mask.
Like a phase and a soul like its waste.
Be careful what you wish for.
Or be back in the same place.
You bring yourself with you!

With every portal comes a path attachment.
On some Being John Locke depressed with hatch detachment.
Pick a life any life will do.
Every portal Is a water slide to what its like to lose.
Your life, So let your life Go.
In Portland A.I. You have to be this tall to ride and strong of mind.

