Potbellies Lyrics
by 4 Broz By Broz.

Saruman of many Kronics.
We don't have potbellies - but we're fat.
We don't have sonar - but we know where it's at.
We're not radioactive - but we'll melt your face.
Saruman - Steve Genes.
We rest our case.

Phantom Menace striking back lyrics rushing like Zerg.
Did I break your concentration? I hope it was insured.
If you're having rhyme trouble, I feel bad for you son.

If I had my druthers, I'd pen another with precision.
Don't have Shinigami eyes but I'm a man with vision.
Step off fool; I serve only Ner'zul.
Call me Silmarillionaire, I ride dirty like the Nazgul.
I'm neutral good with maxed lyrical dexterity.
You hosers suck more than gravitational singularities.
Are you asking for a challenge? or have I misunderstood?
You're out of your element; doubleplusungood!
I stole fizzy lifting drinks; I'm 1337.
You're still fumbling through basic grammar lessons.
Are you thick as a brick?
are you out of your gourd?
Steve Genes is here to teach you the fear of the Lord.

Stephen Genes.
Girl, your butt is like a crayon.
So cray, 64 shades.
Draw all day, sharpen on the back.
Keep the tips tight, talking bout the big box.
Girl, that ass is like a crayon.
So cray, 64 shades.
Draw all day, sharpen on the back.
Keep the tips tight, open up a big box.
Doodle all night.

The beat- it's a steamer like Cleveland.
Believe what you read when it's written in my semen.
Bitch please, You know my skeet is mac and cheese and you're a vegan.
So only artificial creamin', only california dreamin'.
Like Benson, I'm Breezin'.
Breathin' rhymes instead of air, I'm the best there, I'm first chair.
Plus I got chest hair, big testes - yes a blessed pair.
Thanks Engine make you blank stare.

Saruman and Stephen Genes.
Tater's rhymes are Windows 8, yours are MSDos.
Reel MC's lines will strike you down like in Paradise Lost.
Oatmeal is lumpy, he's the Scrumbletown prince.
Half Mast is a blast in the ass from the past.
2k10 knows when, what year is it again?
Rage-a's the spell-caster, like Macaulay the Pagemaster.
Tangerines rips out your spleen, makes you live in a latrine.
Forever.
4 Broz shows bust more guts than KISS.
If you're gonna spew, spew into this.

