Pound Cake (Cover) Lyrics
by Vladi Prince.


Cash rules everything around me.
C.R.E.A.M. get the money, dolla-dolla bill y'all.

I go psychic, Professor X.
See out the cage what's coming next.
Wear my glasses at night.
See pass the wrong into the right.
No good but I don't see the bad in this.
So I shit on them but shit full reality.
Where did good go? Where did brains go?
That's just something we won't know.
Now everybody, everybody anticipating.
Who is better, God or Satan?
We all ask where love is.
Hate is taking over like a disease.
Time is running, running away.
So let's use this time to find a better day.
Where did time go when all was perfect?
When we woke up and it all was worth it.
Now it's hater here and now it's hater there.
Seems love is dead and hate is everywhere.
But we all know it's gonna be alright.
So let's look to God and we will see the light.

Yeah, Post man E deliver words like a mailbox.
Man of the hour too much time on my watch.
In the front seat with my feet on the clutch.
This rappers invisible, no sight no touch.
Ah! Coz I know this my time.
Win, win, win, like Bolt I'mma shine.
Damn and if winning was a crime I'd be doing my time.
You'd be dead, die trying.
Ah! The new kid on the block.
You niggas old like holes in a sock.
I 'm hard like a rock, got your bitch on my cock.
I fuck her for a buck, make her come like patients to a Doc.
Ah! The new terminator.
Still on top like water vapor.
From a bird's eye view wish my haters still try like a skater.
If the don't work I'mma work like a generator.
Overtime Bitch.

Aah! Prince x6.
I feel like I could sleep forever, life-long dreams.
Ah! It's been a while since I caught feelings.
It was weird the last time coz it was for my cousin.
But fuck it, I'm on that cake like a candle.
And I'mma change the game like I change the channel.
Yeah and all this girls want a piece of me.
But I throw up the deuce, you can't have non of me.
Ah! And my girl becoming insecure.
She be fronting 'round like don't I want her anymore.
Working on my nerves, I told her find a job.
I'm trying to keep the distance, don't wanna see her drop.
Yeah I'm still tied up in the music.
A shout-out to all my niggas that I still cruise with.
Lighting up the blunt, missing High School.
Damn she broke my heart, but that's what hoes do.
Ah! Then I met this girl Jennifer.
She doesn't want me but I think I'm still into her.
This shit is fucked up, they say life is a bitch.
Damn she was just a lady now look at what we did.
PRINCE.

Killed.

