Power In Attention Lyrics
by Aziz.


This is my perspective. 
 
You see there's power in the dollar, but power is in attention. 
You got power over your words. Then maybe you'll hold a sentence 
Power to project who in your circle would protect you 
Who. Would you die for Nigga pay attention? 
This is my show.. I thank you for your admission. 
I know the kitchen cook up this uplifting, so efficient 
I hold attention. The people listen 
So here, go some preacher, some prophet and some politician, 
 
Step one you can't mumble and
don't stumble 
Speak up., Don't be quiet. You fumbled in the cipher 
 Got ta, come back behind steel bars like a lifer 
Not all sweet put thorns in your berries like Eliza 
High flyer-rhymer young Tutankhamun, rhymer 
Pay attention when you in the cipher 
I see a significant difference between gangster and fables. 
I'Ve been around enough G's to know one 
They. Listen, they know son go off like a show, gun, 
Cracked bat home run PSA attention. 
You spit nobody listens, 
And, that's the difference, 
I'm a magician when I'm politicking twisting 
Try and stop cyclones, 
Yeah they're, so Popeye Jones 
And, their ears are getting bigger. You so Popeye's chicken 
Chicken's eyes pop at potential Popeye's spinach 
Pay attention and listen 
Working hard as a genius. 
I won't just sit here, dropping knowledge for no reason: 
I'm not wasting my breathe, so I'm leaving on me 
To off-time, lame rappers! Please quit on three 
How bad. Can New Hampshire be if it produced me, 
I'm Aziz. Who's, he 
He's the ‘A', then the zig-zag 
‘I' and then the zig-zag 
Jengsala clique, rap 
Blow, the joint up like a zig-zag 
Give me your attention: 
You fuck, with it 
 
Ha, 
 
Then. Tell me and my niggas 
I should probably win the Nobel Peace and Pulitzer 
Paint pictures, 
Perfect images of thoughtful penmanship 
Akin to novels 
Hopefully, it's enough to hold attention! 
I'Ll! Tell u why I'm different 
I've been at this for a minute, 
This didn't pop out the blue. Like my rap career Cripping 
Beyond my years 9 year old little dude ripping 
Beyond my peers, always gifted with the Gift of Gab 
I, guess I see why they say I sound like that nigga Fab 
I mean I had the chipped tooth and that's compliment and all 
But I'm Aziz 
Drive, my lane, like I'm bouncing with the ball 
Rap. Is alcohol got a couple Alch-ies in the hall 
They're bouncing off the walls? 
 
Give me your motherfucking attention, 
 
Only way that I'ma fall is if the month is October. 
Intoxicating words under 21 is not sober 
Leave. A stain like your brain was the carpet and red wines. What I knocked
over 
Open doors, just like a lock smith, 
Put niggas on, like my snap, back 
My moods go up and down like my tube socks. 
I need family 
I should call my pops over he from Senegal. That'S the roots. 
My mother was born and raised in Germany to boot. 
Ya ganow danke shun racing on the Autobon 
Got 100. First cousins, I'ma, put all em on 

Last thing. I'Ma be is ignorant, uninformed 
As, an artist. It'S like “What I
 wan na draw ” A Hundred bars 
You could provoke a nigga til. A gun will draw 
Word wars, 
A little cocky, but I stay humbled more 
I want to tour. 
Our lives will change once I catch the right persons. Attention 
If hip-hop is crack. This is my verbal intervention, 
 
I'll never conform and wear a lames uniform 
Surround myself with positive and pray success will match it. 
Yeah 
My news feed said there are 10 new rappers 
I have never seen them rapping 
Fuck. I need action. Fuck 
Let me hear your freestyles 
Let's me see you hold another nigga's attention with your personal style. 
Let'S see if you stay in pocket flow, confident and versatile 

I'm. The game's latest child 

I hold attention no denial, 
I flow marathons, 
Brim, low iTunes., Brim, low Amazon, 
MAC. Sign us 
Labels dotted line us 
Coke lines. Everybody knows like sinus 
They pay. If you listen you're going to like us, 
If you're fresh as a Stride, I'll chew you up like five gum, 
A salaam, aluyakum., wa, alaykum, a salaam, 
La, ilaha, lll, Allah and Muhammad was his prophet 
I, believe it 
I'm the one I was built for this position. 
Not for gluttony, but just to keep something on the table. 
I got ta get the shrubbery Anne of green gables. 
Man Aziz is able 
Locked loaded for the millions 
White black purple, yellow green people feeling this 
Man 
My friends in the family. 
Our hearts are in the handshake. 
I use my hands to write. If you dap me watch hand break 
If, you use your hands to fight, you better make a nigga pancake 
I'm about love and good vibes with some other good guys, 
And. Some other hood guys 
Know-my-mother good guys, 
Late night I be on that pass the rubbers good night 
This generations. Parents got some cake like they should right, 
Is it wrong. If they did right 
Should I transform into King Kong or Suge Knight 
Or. Should I deliver truth and honesty to hold the crowds? 
I can mold my mouth and sentence it to life behind a mic. 
I'Ll do techno rock rap. If it sounds to me right, 
We all know a lame. When we see one 
Y'all could be millionaires like I'ma. Be if you believed you could be one 
Nigga give me your attention: 
 
Aziz
 
