Pressure Lyrics
by Swollen Members.


You can see me on the top you can see me when we drop.
You can meet me on the block, we'll stop and talk.
We do not get thrown we don't stop.
Whether or not we up on top, we still rock.
You can see me back on top you can see me when they stop.
You can feel it when we rock, we got shit locked.
We do not get cold we feel hot whether or not we up on top, we still rock.

I'm a stun gun, pills 'til my tongues numb.
I stay home don't ask where I come from.
Conquer from beneath I sparkle when I speak.
This bug me on the in the inside fuck it I'm a geek.
A lovely individual hug me cause I'm miserable.
This wizardry is dismal drugs make me invisible.
I've risen from my physical frame you can't touch me.
Top boy that rock but it still got ugly.

Dusty the country roads take me home to the place that I belong.
Lost skeleton bones, locked in the closet deep family secrets.
Discover this recovery my brothers in sequence.
Ever had to dance with the devil in pale moonlight.
Snakes in the grass but the scales don't move right.
Fight when you need to bite when you have to.
Run no never stand ground when we smash through.

Vocabulary colorful like feathers of a peacock.
Operating theater put your head upon a butchers block.
Rise from my own grave eyes nuclear holocaust.
Astronauts t-minus arc of the covenant.
My part spreading sick art that starts on this continent.
Confidence ensures there's no formidable adversaries.
A savage land and a band of terrible mercenaries.
Program your lives like the wives of Stepford.
Voice remains immortal and survives on record.
Hannibal Lector pour myself a glass of Chianti.
This is my Divine Comedy the finest since Dante.
Cape scrapes the floor dark prince the Impaler.
The order of the dragon.
Prevail no failure.
Slain all the vain overcame with my saber.
Maintain and let the blood rain explain my behavior.

It goes:cracked halo horns on my helmet.
Little doll crawl in cherry red velvet.
Burning Man in the house of.
charm.
Chemical to the mouth but not to the arm.
My tastes spinning out of control.
Your face two eyes with a hole.
Suicide watch, king of the strippers.

Nothing can tempt me, everyone empty.
I get high on the road when they let me.
Trade craft-work off exotic substance.
Some want to carve out my heart still love this.
I'm trying to hurt myself, still smoking.
But I'm afraid a blood won't cut my wrist open.
Told you that I loved you, I was just joking.
You can't hurt my heart it's been broken.

