Prologue Lyrics
by Bodi.


I'm getting older and I hate it.
Life's a game, and I've already played it.
And I've debated throwing in the towel.
To a fate already written to a reaper on the prowl, but.
I can't close my eyelids.
Without faces that allowed me to write this.
Looking back with a smile and a nod.
And the silhouettes of you, my reminders of God.
And no question, the reflection I see's.
Made up of you, there's no me.
Without a history of loss and sacrifice.
Met with a strength that defies any afterlife.
And that's running through my veins.
One day I will be the same.
Fade as a piece of the puzzle.
Until then smile in the beautiful struggle…

When I was little I would die to grow up.
Now here we are and I'm begging it to slow up.
Watch dreams and reality collide.
Spend time picking up the pieces of this sky.
Try to reconcile what I become.
With what I hoped I'd be when the journey begun.
And know I'm passing through not lasting to forever, true.
To find a way to happiness it's better late than never, you.
Don't know what you got til it's gone.
Sometimes miss right til you meet wrong.
But I can read the past in my palm.
And find solace in the storm before the calm.
Nose to the grindstone until I've grown breathless.
Shoulder to the wheel of diameter endless.
The fight song rings the sweet sound.
So I'm lifting up my voice with the darkness falling.

Down, down, down.
I'm never falling.
I'm never falling.
Down,down,down.

I'm still in love with my best ex-girlfriend.
Reverends telling how a bloody mess world ends.
Past loves getting different last names.
Mapped goals, now a film's black frame.
Roll the credits, but never get to edit out.
The ugly parts.
And rusted hearts.
And stumble starts.
This struggle sparks.
A thunderous march, an ending unknown.
Fist to the heavens, sending up a poem.
Grandpa's on his death bed, grandma's fighting tears.
Hands held recalling all the best of hiding years.
Dad's hair's gray, mom's mind's slipping.
See each other once or twice a year and time's missing.
And the people that I know become the people that I knew.
Because the feeble life we drew upon the sky is passing through.
Testament to the magic found.
In the pulling of the tide til the waves come crashing down.

If that doesn't wind you up.
The road isn't long enough.
And that's what's running through my veins.
One day, I will be the same.

Cody just call and told me Mike died.
I can hardly see through my watercolor eyes.
He inspired me since I learned to write.
Until my ink dries he will always be a guide.
At 25 try to cope with the fact.
As the days pass more I love ain't coming back.
That's the come and go and being caught in undertow.
From the drop into this show to the final slumber, so.
It's time to go always sooner than expected.
There's not a part that will ever be perfected.
Still we march with our hands, connected.
Self in the iris of everyone else reflected.
\- and tested always.
But all waves reach the shore.
Return to the source from where we began.
Land on our feet, higher we stand now.
Welcome to the rise and the fall.
And the journey through the gallows to the hallowed winding halls.
And all along the story through the darkness.
The crowning glory and the name on the park bench.
It's a tale of triumphs and trials.
Courage for the fear and tears with the smiles.
And miles to go before I sleep.
And miles to go before I…sleep.

The one thing I can say about.
The way the time runs out.
Not gonna save my thoughts, I'm.
I'm gonna say them now.
The things I want to see.
The ones I care about.
The way I feel for you.
I'd love to spell it out.
The memories of every.
One who has led me here.
The things I carry with me.
Aren't going anywhere.

