Prometheus Lyrics
by Bodi.

.
They want fire? Well let em burn.
Ashes in my urn, past the passion of my work.
Like the passage of my journey made me a new Earth.
Fill it all to fill my cup and I won't ever give it up.
A man of wounds and cuts, reshaped, and made new.
And I paid dues with worn shoes walking on the lava.
Like no longer am I ever on or past the pity parties.
Fire in my arteries, make the world a part of me.
Vice versa, line the words that take the curtain off the person.
Feeling certain they determine won't burn up.
Oh, ain't no quitter in my go-getter.
Switch-hitter, bitter pill swallowed, I know, I know.
I won't ever go home.
Made my suit of armor out the road.
Now I feel there ain't nowhere else to go.
All the pieces of my soul got a reason that they glow.
I'm a phoenix in the snow, these chains will never hold.
.
Bodi &amp; Cas One.
Take the dark out the light.
Bring a fire to the night.
Let the demons dance, I'm never giving up the fight.
If it's wrong make it right.
Til I'm gone I'll ignite.
An inferno in my eyes and it's never gonna die.
.
I've only got two options.
Keep walking or dream on watching.
As the world pass by and I'm sitting here talking.
About a change coming, it won't if I'm.
stopping.
Ain't no time to reload.
It's a one shot deal, kid, welcome to.
the show.
Used to go victimize bruises and lumps.
And, stand there lookin off the cliff like jump.
But when the camera roll go flicker.
Better make the most of the final motion picture.
No time to waste bein pissed at the cards I was dealt.
Blamin others for the scars I felt.
Part of myself hid the belt, givin welts.
Burned without seeing other hearts I melt.
Cheating ex-girlfriends the reason I got no trust.
People doubting me the reason I got no guts.
And no glory but the stories mine.
alone.
I can revise it fore I write it in stone.
Fire, re-ignite it, light the path shown.
Walk among the constellation map til I'm back home.
Backbone's no stronger through the slouching.
Head hangin, finger pointin, or the doubting.
So what you sittin on? What you aimin at?.
Fate's trapped and it's my turn to take it back.
.
If I can't make it out alive.
Then I will leave it all behind.
And hold my head and chin up high.
Until the day I waive goodbye.
And fade into the other side.
And find a final piece of mind.
My fears will never be my guide.
And I will never hide.
.
So let's strip away the bones and the skin.
And the old jaded grin.
And the grim simple truth that I won't begin again.
And win or lose don't matter none, when it's all said and done.
The breath in the lungs, and steps that I've run.
Go up and away, and set with the sun.
I'm left with the one thing left to decide.
What type of man I've become and soul that I was.
Can hold to a grudge or shoulder and trudge.
A molder of boulder til run out of blood.
But I ain't waiting for the perfect shot.
Draw, fire, aim, til the fucking.
wheels fall off.
.
And the deal's all off, kid, built the house alone.
Cross my motherfucking bones on that long walk home.
No thrones, no hopes, no idea where the story goes.
Skeletons on my road journey got some soul.
Behold that pale horse that burns the house down.
The ghost of my former self now, kneel down.
For the world now, like the motherfucking crowns.
Got pushed down the queen's mouth, bleed on out.
.
