Psych retaliate Lyrics
by Vivekverma.


At the break of dawn some might be feel the new exuberence.
And some might be feel the few grudge incohorence.
And some might be there reel around the abhorence.
Quitin is not the option.
Its rather better to be failure than a redundtant.
Everybody in this world build within a psych to switch.
Use the psych to do the right and spark the light for what you like.
And fight till ya stomp on it ,its call the ride.
Lets do the right.

Probably it was an accident that i put myself up in here.
When the life havin up and down while shiftin gear.
Sporadic my thaught pop like a michael J.
Bunch of hostility back in the day.
Knock ur sock off in every tik of clock.
Head cock and pop before the chop.
M lookin for the bazooka to knock yer block.
Minds like a pile of clay.
Everytime it knock around in different way.
And stuck in the positon of where pins and needle.
And it hibernate.
Next time imma break yer neck.
Hack and back then lay ya on the track.
Its a psychotical attack of a crackerjack.
Within a snap to stab in the back ,a crack.
Now imma finna blow up the mic and sit back on the couch then shuck and jive.
Sometimes i sit back and scribble the rhyme with wine and dine ,sharp as a.
knife.
From 9 to 5 got the pen to the pad.
And ink btwn the line.
Dont try to kill my vibe ,get the hell outte here.
M like a ghost rider on the motobike and u r about to die tonight.
I ain't gonna down for the stupid women.
To the point schezofrenic dyed in the woolen.
A proposition blinded up supervission and music became my new mind station.
Ain't no way drip or drool hate on opposition like a super villion.
I behave like true hellion ,dissapereaing the feeling of no willin ,m too.
chillin.

Now and never ,decide.
To not ever give up for the wicked reason and nickel and dime but stick up.
Let me impart you a handfull beans of discretion.
Motivaton is salvation occasion , it is a rotation u need to pick up.
Now and never ,decide.
To not ever give up for the wicked reason and nickel and dime but stick up.
Search within you a hidden coward ,cutt off his throat and dig up.
,let him beddy bye and desire to pick up.

Like a human odditiy with harmony and how many anomaly , have to move.
That pushin me to insanity and i am tobbagnin now i come close and achoo.
Cuz technically m allergic to my peers.
Every time stick to my guns top to the layer.
Throw them over the board ,stuck in the air or underwear.
Different folks ,different jokes.
Alcoholic words like m smokin toke.
And couple of shots mixed with the venom.
M on the edge ,too close.
To have labotomy under my hair m about to froze.
M loosin my mindstake i can't even think or thaught.
Commmotion of tirbulation inside the head ,theres a upcomin bllizard about to.
flip top.
By the way caution to the wind , i became paranaoid like humanoid.
I got an axe to the grind to get human annoyed ,scary voice.
The way i spit the fusion rhyme it feels so nice.
Begin to seep in so i put it twice.
I come back here to make it revive ,pickin up strive.
And like all the time pull up the wicked mine.
I might gonna feeel the excitment of roller coaster riding.
With these psychotical rhymin.
Sick of these hypocritics fanatics.
I dont why m in a sabbatical hostile environment.
Loosin the mindstake.
Ripped the half of the stake over me,inside me a psycho.
Livin under dark , a mental asylum in a dungeon vrin vrin here i go with echo.
echo.

Now and never, decide.
To not ever give up for the wicked reason and nickel and dime but stick up.
Let me impart you a handfull beans of discretion.
Motivaton is salvation occasion , it is a rotation u need to pick up.
Now and never ,decide.
To not ever give up for the wicked reason and nickel and dime but stick up.
Seach within you a hidden coward ,cutt off his throat and dig up.
,let him beddy bye and desire to pick up.

Snap! back to the past.
Put off his pants kicked the back and the chest.
And to my critics imma come back on yer face with the jason mask to slap.
So u betta cut the crap.
Its itty bitty when i talk wishy washy.
Bewitches the gossip , watch it.
All the way causin mayhem u can't even thaught it.
Predominently.

I dont know what my brain does cuss thus.
Temper flare as psych just buzz like bugs on drugs.
Theres no such thing in this world so tough.
Its a psychology which is so bluff and rough.
Betta be tryin !! play back and back.
When i walk up the mic m prototype.
All the time.
Back with the giant.

Now and never, decide.
To not ever give up for the wicked reason and nickel and dime but stick up.
Let me impart you a handfull beans of discretion.
Motivaton is salvation occasion , it is a rotation u need to pick up.
Now and never ,decide.
To not ever give up for the wicked reason and nickel and dime but stick up.
Seach within you a hidden coward ,cutt off his throat and dig up.
,let him beddy bye and desire to pick up.

