Pulp Fiction part 1 Lyrics
by U-N-I.


In a world, where the American Dream isn't enough.
Two men plan to satisfy their hunger for wealth.
Starring Thurzday as the Narrator.
Y-O as Mike.
And Fashawn as Cedric.
You are about to enter, Pulp Fiction... Now Playing.

Uh. Half gone, half crazy.
His H-Spoon-Coon, he could never forget.
He looked in the mirror loose his self respect.
Spat in his reflection playin Russian Roulette.
Put a spear to the barrel and grabbed the O-E.
Pour a sip of Molt Liqour pour sip for the homie.
He was like a brother, different mother same block.
And that blue magic money didn't deserve that shot.
That went through the vest, out his back, through his chest.
And flat line his heart after cardiac arrest.
Looked in the mirror without further ado.
Pointed the gun, It's gone be me or you....

Y-O  &amp; Fashawn.
Mike.
The name is Mike and I.
earned my degree.
Engaged in some weeks that might save my cheese.
Now I'm growin up a skeme.
I wanna do good, but fuckin Ced tryina make these ends meet.
Cedric.
Call me Ceddy... I could never keep a job that's steady.
Dopeboy persona, tried going to college.
Too much time dwelling in the streets tryin to make ends meet.
Two baby moms and still livin with moms.
Mike.
I need some food inside, the stomach mumblin.
I'll take a Kahuna Burger.
with no onions.
Extra mayo on the bread, fries to the side.
And glass of lemonade to my head....
Now get it right and hurry back with my plat.
Leave us two alone so we can conversate.
Cedric.
To get money you need patience....
Mike.
With a smirk on my face, I turned and focused on the ass of the waitress.
Like, are you kiddin, we've known each other since yay high.
Watchin my moms cook up in the kitchen.
Cedric.
I heard the Lakers 6 &amp; 0, remember back in 94'.
Mike.
Eddie Jones my man, Elden Cambell missed them free throws.
Cedric.
I tell you those were the days anyways, hows the fiance?
Mike.
Man, she's doing good, but complains about my MySpace.
Cedric.
I'm still livin with moms and I really need my space.
Bout that time... I got a compadre.
By the name of Hector Ramon, that's my connection.
I'm tellin you Mike, we can have the avenue sewn.

You talkin Hector Ramon? You talking bout a villain.
He'll probably take out ya village leave you hanging from ceiling.
That money coming sure, don't ever snore.
The shit that he selling might numb your cerebellum.
Tattoos on his face, like the regular ese.
South of Fresno, he's known by all ??
Mexican Mafia, the number one supplier.
Cops on payroll had six sense for wires.
Look who's for hire, Cedric Mathews.
Hector used to date his older sister in high school.
But no type of relationship gives you immunity.
Hector the man of opportunity.

Yo  &amp; Fashawn.
Mike.
Mmm, sounds good, feelin kind of skeptic.
One side of my brain is yellin out, NO!!!
But I lost my job, need a new crib.
The only thing I fear is them one's at my door.
Cedric.
Trust me, we like fam and I totally understand.
And oh, did I mention we can make 40 grand.
I'm trying to hit the Bahamas, take flights to Japan.
No bullshit, we can get rich.
Mike.
Sounds like a plan.

Sunday morning, Hop in a hoopty.
Pull up to the spot, all suspense like a movie.
Naked broads everywhere, workers in the nude.
Couldn't steal and hide like big brother was watching you.
Hector Ramon, a grin on his face.
Goons with AK's each corner of the place.
Three weeks, three weeks is what they get.
Supply 40k and dump the purest in the west.
Fuckin with his money like fuckin with emotions.
And any body's been dumped in the Pacific Ocean, so.
You fuckin with the devil bound to hurt you.
Money in 3 weeks... Or Estas Muerto!

Y-O  &amp; Fashawn.
Cedric.
Let's take a trip to my house, and figure this shit out.
Now's the perfect time, heard there was drought.
Mike.
Damn Ced, I'm nervous... You ever been to jail?
Drugs in the corner, what's the use of that scale.
Cedric.
Oh that's why I weighed them grams.
Wasn't bright enough for yayo.
Cook it in a jar to serve the clientele.

