Punk (Sh*tmunk Diss) Lyrics
by Yungen.

Interlude 
Chipmunk, Who else in England, has a song called Pizza Boy: 
_Charlie Sloth Salute Meek, Mill_, 
Chipmunk, Right cool me and Meek; Mills., Meek Mill, just come home ya, dun
know., Big up, Meek Mills, NMG all that yeah. So watch this now yeah 
 
Interviewer. Do you know any UK rappers 
Meek Mill? I know Tinie errm., My man. What'S my man with Tip, I got a song
with him 
 
Yeah, I'm only gon na. Do this once 
After that it's straight 
I swear 
 
Errmmmm you punk 
I rated, you yeah! Let me not front 
I didn't take shots, you're, insecure 
Now, I hope you're, a bulletproof munk, 

Don't bred man from my ends. You chump 
Yeah you're from Tottenham, but man can't see you in T 
That's how I know you're a cunt 
You'll get caned son. Are you dumb 
Skywalker flow yeah man will get spun, 
Yeah rows in the alley and man got bunned 
What. You think I do this for fun. 
Yeah. It'S movie time grab the popcorn 
Man's unruly like Popcaan 
No, Twitter fingers, man, pop corn, 
Oh, you're grime. Now you little pop cunt 
Let's tell the world. Why you don't like me 
Look what you were into you doubted me. Highly 
I gave you a side ting that you went and made your wifey 
How. Dare you diss Tinie 
You tweeted, my label? That'S desperate 
Is! It cause they dropped you and then signed me. 
You went from number one to a diss track, 
You're a disgrace to all of us, lighties 
Errm. I have to rub my jaw. 
You tried to draw man out. Are you sure 
I wan na be rich fuck? You and your poor 
Don't take shots. If you can't score, 
You got my number and you tweeted me 
Where, I'm from that's neeky G 
Don't run your mouth on the net then tell the mandem 
That you don't wan na speak to me. 
You said I'm not top. Two in my ends, 
You got all of us rubbing our jaws 
Maybe. You should think about that. 
Cause, you ain't even top two in yours, 
You're not Skeppy and you're, not Wretch 
Maybe. I got ta teach you some respect, 
Before you talk about me in my ends. 
I think you need to pay your debts 
Blud. Coming at me, ain't smart, 
Cuh, I'll tip over your Smart car 
Good on the ball man's Barca, 
If, you're, Gully side. Then man's Gaza, 
Chippy, don't run, don't run 
If you leave now it won't be no fun. No fun 
You could hold one what you gon na, say: 
I'm the PD sideman and think that is a straight up par 
Oh. You must have thought that I forgot 
You asked me to be in CMAR 
You're, just a chief blud, you don't want beef. 
You went from Burberry to Ellesse 
Don't. Think you trickin' man that you like them clothes 
I know. You ran out of Ps 
Blud, oh no, oh! No! Oh no 
I know you took 5 bills for a show. 
I'Ll, let it go. The grass is
green 
Till you play with a pro, don't play with me: bro 
You sent for Tinie and he charted 
You sent for Bugzy and he charted 
You sent for Narstie and he charted 
You're the only one that ain't charting you bastard 
I heard your mixtape blud. It was garbage 
I remember the days when you was an artist 
Now, it's all BlukuByeWho and Sonic Boom. 
I. Don'T think you know what you started 
I'm out, looking for revenge, 
You, don't want it with me and my team 
I. Don'T wan na hear another diss from you 
Fam! You won't make it to summer'16 
Blud. I don't know why you mentioned my name: 
But, don't use it for attention again, 
I'm, not the one trust me, I'm not the one 
Keep, my name out of your childish games, 
Man wan na talk about newcomer 
And. I can't lie blud. It'S true. 
Probably should have been Best Hip-Hop 
But. What the fuck's that got ta do with you, 
Dickhead
 
