Pure Freedom Lyrics
by Pure Freedom.

Pure Freedom

It's, a beautiful, sunny day, east side, long beach and the smell is in the air
and. We don't care, PureFreedom

Pure Freedom, that's the only way, I'm living and thanks Im, giving although
every day. I be sinning, sipping champagne and a blunt with a hell of a laugh
with. My home ½
A day without drama a day without time sit back, relax free style, chill and
drink wine., My top down no frowns come on yall, it's time to clown living my
life out loud, pure free. That'S just how I get down
Bald head fresh cut, that‘s! Just how I roll wear those red bottoms girl, but
please, don't sale. Your soul
Domestication is full of complications. I dare you to be not what you see. Or
What the tv preach
Keep it 100 all day long and stay strong to the beats and the lyrics of this
song
Living. In the moment and grooving to the beat, what's up, yall and let's live
pure free

x1
Let's spend a day to just make it just make it., Let's spend a day to get
high high
Let's spend a day where no one's faking no faking lets take a long beach bike
ride

Cruising on the Beach in the lbc streets, with my peeps, the spot where the
water front meets
Now, I got my mind right and my game tight too. This is true. I ain't turning
Hollywood on you
What, you see is what you get. Don'T try to get me to change it. Ain'T strange to
see, a lady, 40 rapping, the game feel free to be yourself, no matter where you
come from and if you don't have faith you better get you some., Cha cha, with me
yall and 2 step too. We were born to dance and keep it smooth
Move it front. Back and give it a spin, now break it down and do it. Again. Shout
out to my fam from the LBC, where we loving the sun and feeling the breeze 
living in the moment and grooving to the beat. What'S up yall and let's live
pure free

x1
Let's spend a day to just make it just make it., Let's spend a day to get
high high
Let's spend a day where no one's faking no faking. Let'S take a long beach bike
ride

Let's go riding riding. Let'S go riding riding.: Let's go riding riding 
let's go riding on the east side of the LBC on the east side of the LBC yea
yea yea yea yea

x2
Let's spend a day to just make it just make it.. Let'S spend a day to get
high high
Let's spend a day where no one's faking no faking. Let'S take a long beach, bike
ride
 
