Pussy Lyrics
by 4th25.


I guess if you won't tell the truth.
Then I'm gonn' have to tell the truth for you.
And it saddens me to see that you would do more than just lie to yourself.
about the type of motherfucker you really are, you would try and sell the.
world this image of you, being something you don't even have in you to be, but.
I guess it ain't cool enough for you to run around telling everybody about how.
much of a pussy you are.
So you just find something else to tell em huh.
Its the truth, expect nothing less.

Yeah your parents gave birth to a son, but they raised a daughter.
And if you was mine I'd be ashamed to have been your father.
And you can talk all the shit you want, but I've seen you at your worst.
And you stayed there the whole time, so you gotta whole lotta nerve.
Talking bout his problems, and you couldn't even deal with yours.
Runnin your mouth like you wasn't being a bitch the whole tour.
And I've had my short comings but I reeled in the slack.
When you allowed the pussy in you to keep coming back.
And you have to have noticed it, it was more than obvious.
Cause the relationship y'all shared out here was monogamous.
And I've tried to ignore you, but your just so loud.
Thought your actions might humble you, but you won't quiet down.
Its like you don't even see it either that or you don't show it.
But you the biggest pussy out here and everybody else knows it.
Lie to yourself though, if that's how you get over it.
I know we all holdin our breathe, but how long you gon hold it.

Don't act hard cause pussy's only get wet.
And we've been waitin the whole year and you ain't been a man yet.
And I know its hard to admit it cause the truth it hurts.
That you ain't deploy with no balls, only halter tops and skirts.
And your conscious got to be killin you, and don't know how you handle it.
Other than closing your eyes and acting like it ain't happening.
Maybe that's why you judging everybody else.
Cause you want em to feel exactly how you feel about yourself.
Pussy.

You so quick to point the finger, but you don't look in the mirror.
Cause you don't wanna understand, that word pussy any clearer.
And how could you pretend to see anything else.
When the only thing you've been about since day one here was yourself.
And as long as your breathing it'll be more excuses.
And a million more reasons why somebody else should do it.
And though you folded your hand you act like you still playin.
But you always found wanting everytime you are weighed in.
And it really don't bother me cause we'll carry your weight.
We've done it from day one, whats 364 more days.
And all I ask is one favor, and it ain't that much.
Take a closer look at yourself for you size anybody up.
Cause you ain't left no room at all to open your mouth and talk.
Remember we seen you out the gate you won't even get out the truck.
Your courage is more than underfire it's never enough.
Cause the closest you came to standin out here was when you bitched up.

It's a whole lot a fuckers here probably too many.
That's even worse than anybody talking shit that's been a pussy.
And its hard for me to understand, though I understand scared.
But some of the purple hearts and bronze stars awarded round here.
Now how the fuck did yall get that cause you ain't do shit.
Look I was there when marion went down and you ain't get hit.
And if I recall you ain't bleed at all, he almost lost a limb.
Now how the fuck do you deserve the same purple heart as him.
And when they presented you with it you accepted it proudly.
And if I ever see you wearing it, oh its coming the fuck off don't doubt me.
And its more people than you runnin round here undeservant.
So I apologize for all you fuckers awarded for lip service.
Cause yall ed never tell the truth I'm here to keep you honest.
That without your rank these awards you wouldn't a gottem.
And you talk about integrity but won't admit that its wrong.
For you to accept something when you have done absolutely nothing at all.

