Queens Get The Money Lyrics
by Sweetness.


Ayyo, Queens Get the Money.
And the Kings and Pawns still moving single spaces.
Who woulda thought men of different races are at the same table saying graces.

Imagine the day when Earth gets visited by stranger faces, and they actually tape it.
Our history of many nations, put us in our places, why would you never wanna.
face it?
Came into this world right before the Blizzard of 93, life is cold, you must.
be mistaken.
Tell him his name Jacob.
Show him what he's made of.
The name of the man who wrestled with God himself just to secure his blessing.
This life is gifted, why y'all stressing.
This is all sacred land, tell me who's oppressing.
We all in this generation together, but in life we fight alone…
#5 Got jumped for his iPhone, left his 9 at home…
My human genome, rip the DNA apart and you can read my musical composition.
The flags of my fathers, I'm the one with the torch to carry on the tradition.
The new colossus, give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses.

From the fields, to the coal mines, to the offices, I'm the one to all them.
that surpasses.
I do this for the kids that tried to get rich but died climbin', for them I'm.
still thrivin'.
While the other guys crashin', burnin' and lyin' like Whip Whitaker flyin'.
You better tell ‘em Sweetness has the heart of Lion.

on top of Mt Zion.
Every empire is setup to crumble, Ozymandias in the desert turned to rubble.
It took 10 years to say Rest in Peace to the Towers.
All for one man, and you think the dead are the ones that need flowers.
Fear the day the bombs stop falling while the bombers are alive.
For every bomb is proof that the spirit has not died.
No such thing as peace on Earth, but I find my peace every day.
In an age of false idols and reproductions, who's line is it anyway?
Bring back Drew Carey.
If the price is right man is willing to do whatever's scary.
This is my revelation to the world, I am that I am.
I'm the hand that pointed to the centerfield wall of the shot that defined.
true greatness.
The same hand that raised a drink in the air after the holocaust and toasted.
L'Chaim.

