Queen of the Click Lyrics
by Queen Pen.

Artist, Queen Pen 
Album, My Melody 
Song, Queen of the Click 
 
Click 
Hahhh street team 
Relax, make moves like what 
Brooklyn Uptown 
Beak it down one time to y'all 
 
Lookie. Here, look at me, hah 
 
Me and my boys. We poised to do big things this year, 
Make a lot of noise in dis here, 
We comes through with the multiple of ends: 
Then flows, through with the multiple of Benzes 
Cartier lenses me and my mens's 
Bout, to take over with a vengeance 
Watch your spot cause. We hot to trot 
See, we plottin for the top spot and that's what we got 
Now. We hold it like convo' rhyme, Don flow 
Queen, throw her nookie like Madonna nine-four. What 
Y'all ain't know Untold damage. Shit 
I got the flow that you can't romantage 
Make. You whole vanish like Copperfield 
Drop to the bottom. Then I rise to the top of the field. 
Drop your shield, y'all gon', be OK, 
And I'll, be much sleeker in the C.O.K. cause. 
 
I am 
 
Rock, chicks, I'm dyin from boredom. Please 
I can't wait for y'all to fall like autumn leaves 
So. I can shine like six-four sittin on deez huh 
The, less be y'all, the more for me. 
I put it down like bad kids. Stop the madness! Shit 
I roast y'all bitches with ad libs 
The garbage shit stops when the hottest shit drops. 
And y'all can't front on how the shit knocks 
Even haters got ta love the STA-TUS or the STAT-US 
Y'all wan na hit get at us 
Hey you wan na debut number. One like we do 
You gots to roll with my crew. 
We got the cars with the rims, got the rings and the ice 
Put it all together. Let it all gleam nice, 
 Got ta pay a mean price. You go against my click, 
And. Here'S one thing: y'all should never forget that 
 
I run circles around you, verb'll straight serve you 
Day to night. We keep it tight, like a girdle 
Nine to five y'all should make it your job to 
Keep. Queen Pen close to your ears, like a bob 
We make this world revolve with this music of ours, 
From S-950's to music, guitars 
You know the program. Let no man interrupt your flow 
And. If that's your man, you better, let him know 
I'm, like Damien Oman, six-six-six 
The way I be flowin is sick-sick-sick 
Ice rope glowin focus on the wrist it takes 
More than that to get close to dis. 
Straight hits on me with my nigga T.R. and 
 Gim me I be in straight shinin, 
It's, all in the timin and how the shit clicks 
And. Here'S one thing: y'all should never forget that 
 
Yeah this is dedicated to Crown Heights Brooklyn 
To. All my street team that finally made it 
You saw we made it here. I am I'm out
 
