Quiet Money (Blood Money) Lyrics
by The Union.

*Imitating Scarface* 
 
Hey, hey we about to take shit over right. Tony 
You hear me: I'm talkin big money, big money, 
We gon na take this over. Let'S slurp this spaghetti: 
Hey, hey 
, 
Blood, money, thug, money, drug money, 
Slug money run wit me or run from me 
Gun money. Sixteen in one money, 
From the streets, these raps and beats become money, 
, 
Halfamil, 
Bitches, say I'm spoiled. 
I ain't tryin to ball got no time at all. 
Push. The Hummer spend a G on Armor All 
From Tennesse to Harlem World dunn-dunn 
I'm tryin to cop a planet. So I could start a world wit thugs. 
They write books on how we used to roam the streets, bugged, 
Holdin, chrome and eat blood. 
You'Ll find a chromosome on each slug, 
 
Fuck that tell them niggas keep up 
Matta fact: I'mma speed up 
We came a long way from free lunch. 
Stashin mack's in the tree trunks, 
Crashin, Ac's and hazardous acts. Ghetto bastard 
Pops Was A Mack alligator hats, 
Cheese, E-A, swallowed jewels 
Me and A molecules like DNA 
I'mma cruise to the island, we'll be L.A 
Quiet Money finest way meet me on a Bahama Bay 
White sand. My dunn shine like Ice Man, 
In a hovercraft poppin bubbly in the bubblebath 
Bitches blowinsuds out they ass thugs with cash 
Quiet Money run for your gats 
 
AZ 
Some got a lot of jail fresh, just comin outta, they shells 
Spark a L. Let me school y'all how to properly swell 
Lay it back, but seein these fool and spray. They gat 
Rock a vest, flip cuz. He stressed. I ain't amazed wit that 
Advancements stay play the game just enhanced it 
Obey a nigga T-P-A view my transcript 
How rich. Can I be speak highly of niggas beatin bodies, 
Never, try me trey-pound cop beside me, 
Rockin Wallees, my whole dab watch them wisely. 
Pops. Surprise me raised me high off the Isley's 
Mercilfulless circle, the six David Berkowitz 
Let, the clip spit then murk in the mist 
Gun. In my fist nearly popped one in my bitch 
Check this on some Donald Goines death wish shit 
Necklace thick, never disrespect. This click 
Had a Lexus early'96 switched the shit 
Peep. The Q whip know how these streets do men 
Three to nine, assist the gate or do rhyme 
He got two in from rich to ruin. 
Some cats'll, snitch they crew in 
Fresh money got the smell of perfume. We tryin to move in 
, 
Animal 
It's, the Animal. You recognize the voice who this is 
Cotton in the mouth: duct tape around the kids, 
Fuck Versace livin, the life of Liberace 
Shorties, try to copy be pumpin bombs in the building lobby. 
Bad turns spread the beef like germs, 
Motherfuckers, never learn till you, crawlin wit worms. 
When it's time to kick ass, I got the steel-toe boot out. 
Break the loot out. I bring grenades to a shoot out. 
Plus your ones up. You should never put your guns up, 
Shit niggas waitin in the cut for you to fuck up 
Press. Your luck up. You fuck around and get stuck up 
I trick a hundred drinkin biz and gettin blunted 
I'm. Just like AIDS kid don't none of y'all cats want it 
If. So I'm stealin on you like a thief. 
Like, a vegetarian. You don't want no beef 
Go against all odds. Fuck, the baddest broads 
Run a hundred yards, I'm even down wit, the Beast Gods. 
Shit is real in the field guard your grill 
Like Steven Segal me and dogs Hard To Kill. 
You ain't never seen niggas more cold-blooded, 
The jewels flooded, let's get the ones we could cut it 
Shit. I say split it. If shorty wan na fuck, then I be wit, it 
She don't suck dick, then forget it. 
So I'mma grant you to make a wish. Like a genie 
Niggas disappearin off the ave like Houdini 
Y'all niggas fools y'all play the game by the rules: 
We pack tools, stickin niggas for the jewels 
Uh. What 
 
AZ 
Uh? What what AZ? Now? 
Uh Quiet, Money, y'all 
Uh? What yo yo
 
