Quilly Lyrics
by Quilly.

Right now we ain't even gone talk about who the hottest. We just gon' put that.
work in ya mean. Quilly 2 you already know what it is. OnDek Entertainment.
.
Yeah, flow is silly.
Nigga all the hoes want Quilly.
Take a trip to Miami when it's cold in Philly.
You can have the Projects I just hopped off a private jet.
I'm on another level, you still sittin' on steps.
.
Quill so great.
Yeah I know, you still gon' hate.
I'm at Felipes watching Mr. Chow grill my steak.
.
I turned my first down into a Moncler.
And then I turned my Rolex into Times Square.
Hang around bum niggas, you gone be off.
I hang around king pings, Imma be a boss.
Bring me more mussels I go heavy on the sauce.
My hoodie cashmere I'm cut from a different cloth.
.
She know me by my government and rap name.
Smokers call me Q, yeah that's my trap name.
I used to scramble over beans then the racks came.
I used to shoot the 38 until the mack came.
I came up from the seven like a crack game.
These niggas runnin 'round tellin, playin' rat games.
I'm at the dealership dropping all change.
These youngins' going broke tryna buy Balmain.
.
First they hate me then they love me again.
She had a man, now she single so we fuckin' again.
I change clothes like flows never stuck in the trend.
I book money up, fuck it up, tuck it again.
One of closest friends told we don't speak nomore.
I rest when I rest in peace I don't sleep nomore.
I at an all you can eat so I can eat nomore.
I've been faithful to the money, I don't cheat nomore.
They tried to lock me in the cell, put my life in the box.
.
But Imma make a few Mil' rather you like it or not.
I turned the flame up, baking soda, ice in the pot.
I spent nights on the corner, came back wit a watch.
I spit crack no baggies all caps for this.
Show money just to think I used to trap for this.
Uh shit goofy, my Rolli' like Disney Land.
I'm from the streets, I used to sleep in my minivan.
Whippin' grams you only wavy on Instagram.
I been wavy since niggas was on minute plans.
You keep talkin' about times is hard.
You can make time easy go grind some hard.
.
When I was locked up, bitches ain't write no kites.
I miss Dirt Bike Rell, he was nice on bikes.
Rest In Peace my nigga Bleak he was killin' em too.
You be rappin' bout foreigns, I be bringing them through.
Uh, Just left Barney's, call freak for a fresh cut.
Why these rappers keep talkin' bout they next up?.
I look better dressed down when you dressed up.
It's OnDek, you need a G5 to catch up.
.
No picks, a bad bitch can get the curve ball.
Knock a bird off and then burn down birds off.
I'm tired of killin clubs, got me burned out.
One night with the gang, now she turned out.
Hop out the Bentley, hop in the sprinter.
Got tired of losing, I'm living life as a winner.
Got tired of oodles and noodles, chicken for dinner.
They know me in Ruth's Chris, you a beginner.
I gotta private school my son cuz I ain't go to school.
What the fuck you snitch for when you know the rules?.
33 shots in the 57.
Boots string hangin' round the Mac 11.
.
Horses in the four-door, it ain't Ralph tho.
You gettin' money, but you told like Alpo.
If it's beef imma let the 40' cal go.
Red bottoms with the spikes.
My brother drink purple, no sprite.
She gave me top, I ain't even bite.
I should do it to her friends out of spite.
.
You already know what it is man. Keep sleeping.
Wake the game up. Quilly 2 nigga. What it do, uhh, uh.
.
