Rap God Lyrics
by Zoetic.


G-O-A-T G-O-A-T 
Greatest of all time the G-O-A-T 
 
Im startin, to feel like I'm, a rap god, rap god 
If, you don't agree, then you a retard retard 
All of these local backpacking rappers claim that they go hard 
Grown up in the suburbs, not the gutter. Man, y'all are all frauds 
Im, feelin grimy. Don'T try to find me, got the devil behind me: 
Kinda slimy, spittin, poison, ivy. Until I'm ninety 
If, i don't kill myself by then one day ill. Wake up dead, 
Everyone will continue, but hip hop will come at its very end, 
I'm the best that ever come. You all just swallow. Cum 
Spittin ether, like a creature wit, demonic, features com in thru, yo speakers, 
Got, em, running out of they're sneakers. Every time i give em a feature, I'm
the student, you just sitting in the bleachers 
Imma graduate in my cap and gown. I deserve a crown thrown up. My tassel cause. My parents, proud inside the crowd. 
Everything that goes up must go down. Bet you tryna figure out who i sound
like now 
But fuck that I'm my own breed cut from a different cloth: 
I'm hot as broth. All you dumb thots are obsessed wit, sloths 
You're, the fiends i serve. You observe you until I'm on your nerves, you
 
Try, to chop it up, wit me, but fuck it. I just swerve, you 
Murder, you dweebs choke, you wit ya, anal beads. I 
Ain't wit that shit see my life got different needs, pause, 
Big, boss pit and a bad ass bitch 
Homie. I move at a different speed. 
You can't see me but still believe, 
Im an unknown diety directly destroying detainees, 
Mothafucka I'm fly as Elliot's bike, but instead of E.T i got a midget dyke 
Inside of the basket. Now i sound like i'm trip, pin on acid pass it 
Boutta blow. Another gasket smash. It 
Putting bodies in they caskets. thats it 
Flash. It shoot the ratchet leave you face down in the lake like you, was
bobbin for apples, action, 
You, shitheads, spewing, stupidity, you saying I'm gimmicky 
Mothafuck, you similes 
I masturbate on all you metaphors and annihilate alliteration, 
Stop that rhetorical repetition. So theres no topic, I'm missin, listen! 
Know! What I'm sizzlin, I'm thizzlin 
Just bailed out of the prison double-fistin two bitches, not missin 
Cause! You hat in dick riders, got me on a musical mission. 
Like, hey mothafucka! If you pray, mothafucka 
You just might be able to live another day, mothafucka 
I spray, mothafucka its a shame, mothafucka 
Never, delaying or swayin I'm catching prey: mothafucka 
Ok, mothafucka thats. All i should say mothafucka 
Cause. The haters will say that its cliche mothafucka 
But they some cray mothafuckas, some in the way mothafuckas 
So ill stop. When the beat goes down to lay mothafucka, I 
Touch more keys than a janitor. You, a scavenger 
Check, my statistics, I'm ballistic. Yes, i will damage ya. 
Amateurs all y'all: this is the final call. 
Stand up tall grow some balls and get up off the wall. 
You wan na challenge me, but can't beat me like gravity 
Leave you with cavities, followed by the agony, 
While, I'm clutching ya heart and there's a darkness where it used to be 
I. Tear limbs apart. I don't know whether to stop or start 
But. I know one things for sure that i'll still be climbing up to the charts, 
AHHH 
Zoetic's at ya, home with cannons and catapults 
We com. In for all adults, we jolt em with the revolt bolt 
So much unity that you would think we were in a cult. No vote 
Look at me now feet off the ground 
Jumpin in my flow, you probably will drown 
Like swimming in the nile or a mountainous pile of cash 
Sinkin yo ass homie. That paper goes down for miles 
But the cops took it all away and stuffed it in they're files 
But. I smile cause. I'M finna take my case to trial 
Line em up in single file. You could say i have a hot style 
I'm alive when the beat drops and arrives. 
I could feel the darkness rise. What a wonderful surprise 
You will soon meet. Yo demise make yo mom break down and cry 
You all try to throw yo five. Every time i break it down 
But, you cannot match my style, I'm the one that wears the crown 
Not Diddy or Yeezus. They both got no penis 
I'm. The genius givin shock to rap my lyricism's, grievous Jesus 
I, mean Jessica but theres. Another girl right next to her 
But, not stressing brush mothafucka, i just had sex wit, her 
Its, not even funny how i be getting this dough 
Whipping work on the tour until my bank account grows 
Swagger out from head to toe my cloth, so fresh 
Lookin for A yellowbone in a nice tight, dress, 
So. I could rip it off her chest and reward her wit sex 
And. Then I'm right out the door after i come. I just go. 
I ain't wit that cuddling shit ho this ain't Drake, oh no, no 
You, say theres. No new friends, but who do you spend 
All ya time wit bitch? Do females not count, then 
Ok ill stop takin shots. When you give me a chaser 
Take this pencil, I'm writin wit turn it around and erase ya. 
So go catch, some vapors, I'm a beast in the nature and 
Naturally. I separate the strong from the weak 
Startin riots in the streets to the rhythm of the beat 
My circle. Small i only fuck wit, the elite. 
Everybody else will feel the hand of defeat 
Im. Talking bout, the Meeks Drizzy Drake and Chief Keef 
J. Cole, Mac Miller, French Montana Pusha T cause 
Honestly. All these rappers sound, like shit to me. 
They may be hot now, but in a few years they'll be history. 
A dusty, prop on the top shelf. Yo hands dealt 
I, don't need no one's help. I do it myself, 
For all. I know you're, probably not listening right now, 
But thats, no legitimate excuse for me to switch it up, wit, the style 
If. I try to rap fast for a while. Will you promise to keep it a thou 
Instead of switching ya vocals, all you cheatin mothafuckas. Does that make you
proud 
A hundred and ten words in ten seconds? Are you fuckin nuts 
If? I was to chop it up. All of you. Competition would probably be my lunch. 
Well, i guess thats its crunch time. I don't need referees with these
punchlines 
Cause, i spit automatically haters be aggy. See me 
But, don't challenge me! Losin they're balance in battles 
They're baffled how i put bars together like a game of some scrabble 
I cackle like jackals, and changing the channel 
If you want to dabble, try to do it, don't babble its too much to tackle 
Just, hop on y saddle and come To my castle i came here to paddle 
In holy water. You thirsty mothafuckas. I was born in a chapel, assholes 
Yes. I know my style's a bit odd. All the rest are just facades. 
The audience applauds cause. They just witnessed the rap god. 
 
