Rap Parables Lyrics
by Xavier.


Check it out.
This is like the time I choked at that rap battle.
Rap Parables.
I got the crowd sayin Damn X I thought you was a rapper.
And I was like Me too nigga I thought I's a rapper.
And I keep shit in my head. No balls to say it to the face.
I talk to backs like I'm the coach and I'm rapping like I'm approaching a deal.
that I stay focused to reach.
Hungry chasing after this bread there's nothing else I can eat.
And no one else really sees or knows.
That this music shit's a drug to my soul.
This life's a scam that we all fail to unfold.
That's why I'll never give in.
I'll never give in even if they say I gotta get in to make it.
And the beauty in life is that we all make mistakes.
But that is one I'd never make so if you see me in a year.
Don't you forget just who I is and everything about me.
Fuck those niggas who ever doubted me.
Word up.

But y'all keep talking that shit nigga.
But y'all keep talking that shit.
But y'all keep talking that shit nigga.
But y'all keep talking that shit.
Rap Parables to the soul.
I'm speaking shit that's never told.
But y'all keep talking that shit nigga.
But y'all keep talking that shit.

New chapter now in my life without any old characters.
Rap Parables.
It ain't God sent and I ain't processed all this nonsense that I've been.
hearing.
So I pray and go ask God if he can make a clearing.
Or bring me back to where I was before I was guilty for all the rights I.
wronged.
And I was 15 when I became a man. That's when it all began.
I had some chicks saying Damn X you are the fucking best.
... and if I got what you need then drop on those knees and suck on this d-.
I mean pardon me it's just that quite honestly I never had too much pussy then.
getting thrown up at me.
My friends say it's like life so how come I'd never take it nigga?
The virgin in me was afraid nigga. I was afraid to grow old at a young age.
nigga.
I was afraid if I did it was cause me some type of strife.
And if I hit with no commit that might just fuck up my life. Right?

Rap Parables to the soul, yeah.
I'm speaking shit that's never told.
But y'all keep talking that shit nigga.
But y'all keep talking that shit.
But y'all keep talking that shit nigga.
And Imma cut y'all off.

