Ras Kass & Canibus Freestyle Lyrics
by Sway & King Tech.

Ras Kass.

Listen, listen.

Now since the *Wake-Up Show*.
I've been handin rappers they ass on a silver platter.
Its empty ill &amp; gray matter.
I do a selectively crew.
The type of brotha that will go to ya album release party.
Grab the mic and BOO you.
Like how's how F' how's how.
I make a fool's do-rag do not want to.
Nephew just a Brontosaurus with a sixth sense.
Walking around not even knowing that he don't exist.
The cardio by linguistics this shit be the hardest act to follow.
I don't even spit I unswallow.
I got so-called hip-hop purests that's hip-hop tourists.
Tryna mandate that I replicate 1988.
Fool its 2000 so get a life do u know what these.
Rugged ghetto streets look like.
Now to my b-boys &amp; b'iches black be the.
Best brutalized beats like Beebe Briches.
I got Tourrettes and when I finish snappin the black community.
Gonna hate you for real like you got on BET.
And screamed F' Lauren Hill.
Like that, Canibus.

Canibus.
Yeah, yeah pestilence! Pestilence!

Yeah, war the hardcore raw metaphor.
Bout to blackout one time for ya'll.
I'm as dangerous as they come.
Dangerous with or without a gun.
I've been dangerous from day one.
Rhyme flows explode like pyro's.
Stick to your ribs like chicken and thick gravy from Roscoe's.
You get your head flowin' if you dumb in the dome.
Or struck with some stone till you feel numb in the bones.
You betta keep your big mouth closed.
'Fore I stick a muzzle of the chrome in that hole under your nose.
Send a signal to my index and tell it to fold.
In the direction of my wrist bones to release your soul.
I told you to freeze, if I was you I wouldn't have froze.
But you chose that other route and got blown full of holes.
A pistol to ya mug cripple ya tongue, rip through ya lungs.
Then write your name on your tombstone, scribbled in blood.
C'mon give me a little love is there anybody out there.
That never felt one rhyme that Canibus bust.
You a liar liar ya pants on fire, watch the G.O.A.T.
But the ghostwriter get slaughtered by a tiger.
I saw him in the Pun video holdin' up his lighter.
I smeared his career like doo-doo inside a diaper.
My style is sicker than infected women and men.
I'm so raw I could catch AIDS without stickin' it in.
Flip and dip like scrimps and scampi, switch.
My language up like a black kid raised by a Spanish nanny.
You think you got big cahunas well I got bad news.
After tonight you'll have a testicular tumor.
Dirty Manhattan alley to Atlanta where niggas drive caddies.
To Trick Daddy and Trina down in Miami.
To Louisiana with Cash Money and Manny.
To the Sky Bar at the Mondrian out in Cali.
With a raspberry daiquiri, I'll assault and batter you badly.
Words fire rapidly like heavily armed Apaches.
Piloted by a trigger-happy Iraqi with extremely bad acne.
I cause catastrophe to any nigga trying to battle me.
Word yeah 2000 B.C.
Ayo I radiate like plutonium, raw as the glow.
Got ya counters drum roll when I start to flow.
A patriarch with a heart of Napoleon Bonaparte.
I stomp across continents to conquer my art.
I'm millennium lyricist , Area 51 physicist.
Rhymes hot enough to melt the wax off the turntable.
Before the DJ even starts spinnin it.
My raps can melt the wax right off the back of Kid Icaris.
Sharper than the shit you shank niggas with.
Sharper than scissor tips sharper than rings on RZA's fist.
It's ridiculous how so many of you suckas figured That Maybe we could.
get a name if Canibus disses us.
I know how you suckas think, you figure since.
You already a pussy you might as well give me syphilis.
Envious cause my rhymes are infinite.
And you lyrically limited to the little boxes you livin in.
Ras Kass show'em how you blast off.

