Reactions Lyrics
by 3X Krazy.

Uh.
Mobb shit.
Uh, uh.

Hop in the Broham.
Cousin man we rollin stolen.
Stay focused go get the calico quick, we fearin no man.
The program.
You juss a dead man walkin.
You all done witnessed The Sickness, it's only of the chosen.
He said often.
That money would change a fake nigga.
You can replace me an mace me.
But can't erase me off the rictor.
Like hundred-percenter right through ya set.
To settin standards like Tony.
Montana, look at the picture.
Go figure.
Mutha fuckas'll go juss like the Lotto.
Gustafos an noreados.
I oops along an follow.
The not-knows.
When the Glock goes through ya Polo's.

My Reactions, like tuff actin' Tenactin wit the Mac-10.
Makin sure my money stack in fractions.
Juss follow my lead an watch me mack it.
Only way out of the situation is the savage.

When will they let 'em G thee.
I feel the fresh air, but I dont feel free.
An what I wouldn't give to live the way I thought life would be.
Mobb muzik, my only key.
Mass artilery, prayers from mama.
Combined to grant the serpents soul to brace for drama.
They experienced the hardtimes, it all made sense.
Then came the secrets of a gracious bitch.
My crooked ways won't straighten.
I'll chop these dogs.
Wit a hand full of hustlas, but I'm on my own.
Reachin for prime real-estate, on the banks of Rome.
One day... all my worries they'll all be gone.

Real niggas out to prevail.
My guarantee.
Smokin bomb from dusk til dawn, my simple wishes.
Shreadin through the darkness of seekin my fuckin riches.
The wild west, cuz it'll make it wit out a vest.
Hard blows an hoes the test, your last request.
Decendents of vengance.
The out-done can't run from repentance.
My story won't go untold.
The rocky roads.
Hurt peers to the dirt to uncover gold.
Set up shop, you can't be stopped nigga start livin.
You ain't gon soar wit the eagles if you run wit the pigeons.
Uh!

I'm disconnected.
Theres no execeptions, I shoulda stayed in school.
Playin baseball up on the tube.
Instead of bein on the news.
I see it all out my Donna Karans.
Constantly drinkin thinkin FUCK MARRIGE!
I love this life I live.
Who gives a fuck if I die or live.
My only thing in this world is my kid.
My baby mama full a pressure.
I see our love growin lesser.
That's why I'm crumblin' herb up on my dresser.
Naked wit out my vest protecter.
Two in the morn kickin ya doe down.
Its goin to the floor next to your four-pound.
Prepare the Greyhound.
I'm in the hood wit the homies.
All black wit no mask, Fuck they saw me!
We throwin up that EASTSIDE!  worldwide.
An stay high.
It's Murder &amp; Kamakazie an I.....

Celebrate, I scorched you when its crucial.
Shame wit bliss.
Drop the Mustang in neutral, an swang that bitch.
Got a piss test comin up, smokin kill.
Chasin ??? go get balance wit the golden seal.
These songs are hyms that can seal my wounds.
Empty clips for my dead ones, the Outlawz too.
Or til, my concious can be content.
Until I make the ends so I can cover this months rent.
Defining moments of my life.
Defeated opponents too strong for my mic.
Glimpse at the corner of pushas an pimps.
Layin dead for the luxuries of lobster an shrimp.
See in the district, statistics wit phony fathers.
Enter the realm where the Kool-Aid is Holy Water.
Look beyond the Valley-Jo, I got a job!
Call my mom an let her know, I'm in the Mobb!

