Ready for whatever Lyrics
by Zio zane.


Yeah,zio zane in the beat nigga.
Sunrise a life.
Ready?

Bitch I'm ready for whatever, ready for whenever.
I be going mad wit my finger on the trigger.
I don't give a fuck cuz I do it for my nigga.
Killer after murder just get ready for whatever.

They say rap is in my vain let me show you how to zane.
Bring that ak47, got my name upon the game.
If you really dont know me then you better ask again.
Life is like a gun when you belong to the gang.
I heard'em niggas talking saying like they want my life dead.
I said you talking shit, dont even try that.
Unless you kill me twice, bitch I ain't telling lies.
I know life is priceless got a gun by my side.
Time is money that's why im never late.
See I only do my think, that's why I never hate.
I'm so paid for what I do ,getting money's what I do.
I'mma fly motherfucker, peace motherfucker.
I'm about to take off, nigga see us on the screen.
DBE is taking off, nigga see us on the screen.
If I die today take my pledge the world ain't gon' stop.
Many niggas like me on the block live your life and watch'em death knock.

Poppin' bottles everyday cuz bitch I know life is a game.
I'mma show you how to play it till you get it hope it never change.
Moving like a shooting star you moving like a centipede.
A few hits wit my homie then the entire world celebrake.
Broke nigga press your brake cuz you ain't even know you fake.
My homie party's tomorow and you his fucking birthday cake.
Bounce back, if you want I put my rhymes on trampolines.
Dont fuck wit me fuck lame dawgs , play wit me and die online.
Still on the same shit my mind on the next level.
Flow so sick got your bitch thinking I'm the next devil.
If he stopped schemin that day and ran away.
You won't be in this trouble cuz no competition one way.
Fuc'k'em other niggas flippin on something I don't own.
He got that bitch brain to understand I'm tryna bring it home.
Now I don't want it no more you can spit lies.
I keep my shit on me and make it heat twice.

