Reality Check Lyrics
by Ty Infinite.


Black pants, black shirt, black intentions for my redemption.
Effectively relieving internal tension.
The question is, who gets it?
Me?, right, you guessed it.
I freshen up my Nike Checks and then I find direction.
I'm going off the deep end.
Cause these freaking fakes are speaking like they real.
And all you clones are always frontline and believing.
When they in your face lying and deceiving, scheming.
While I'm dividing demons like a bible with a priest reading.
Now I'm seeming pretty real to you, huh?
Well that is the power of what these lyrics do, huh!
But anyone can rent a gun until they spree is sec to none.
The metaphor is a figure four on the floor to those I abhor.
So pick it up if you daring to buck.
With all you chumps and punks, I'm apparently done.
You can find me in the Back Lot flaring the gun.
The pop in awe while I'm just like, What you staring at huh?

Follow the voices to kill and erase the whispering.
And found nothing but peace in my late night scribblings.
Be yourself or be aware the end is imminent.
I'll be the light to shine through and guide whoever's listening.
Listen, you should know the deepest part of me's bright.
And it will surely play a victim to a beast in the night.
The words bleed through the paper and the speakers erupt.
When everything around me crumbles before turning to dust.
Look I know you're disappointed and I love you to death.
But as an artist to a fan, I hope you learn to accept.
That with every release I'm pleased to open my chest.
But with each and every song comes emotional stress.
And still I trudge through the darkest of days.
Fuck an umbrella.
I love it because my tears become a part of the rain.
Cause if you saw me in the sun, you'd never see me the same.
So when you're noticing the change, keep applauding the name.

Now pass the torch, I've lapped past and more.
I'm finna relax, I'm bored, so pass crack and whores.
Until I'm busting through the doors of hell.
And rushing through determined to kill them.
Gushy as they cut like melons.
Fucking up where the beast is dwelling.
Like those 300 men, I'm so compelling.
With the appearance of a felon.
Fuck your wellness, I'm a vine of cancer, you're the trellis.
So learn your lesson fellas, tuck the nuts.
You just some jealous bitches.
And you need to quit the sickly ego swelling.
When life tries handing me lemons man.
I squeeze them, squirt them right in its eye.
It tries to release the burning but it keeps on like a fire.
Which keeps on like a liar that will never learn until he's dying.
Only sign he'll ever see is when it's too late for trying.
Such a shame, same thing again.
Eternal everlasting pain for anyone with a name.
And for those without, do not think that you're safe.
It won't wait and surely it don't discriminate.

Why do you try to crucify my image when I'm gripping the mic?
I done put my fight into my winnings, hoping I'm right.
Step back, I'm apparently fucked up.
Emotion in my songs but they get scared when I fuck up.

I'm just making it by but I want a vial of that dumb stuff.
Because I never had shit, now I just take what I want.
Take my music as it is or listen deeper in the fun.
Calm down, you're that negative in my positive bubble.
So if you want the trouble, double the dose of ammi in your muscle.
Then tussle and rumble inside my jungle, spitting jumbo.
Shake up your mind to blind you from the beast that is muzzled.
In this rap game coming to get this rap name.
Known as the Rap King, I think local does it the best man.
Have a feeling I could be the best ever.
It just so happens I'm one of the people who can stomach the weather.

