Real Late Freestyle 2 Lyrics
by World's Fair.


I'm out, say Haruo Chiono mixed with Sonny Bono.
I take your chick and make her Yoko Ono.
Rockin a kimono, worshipin my photos, told me she been lovin profit.
Had gorgeous, college optic lips, butt, like a night in lusha when the moon is.
tropic.
Told me she can't get a man.
She love AZ, she love the pentagram.
I said yo baby, I don't give a damn.
Dreamer is my last name, Tommy is my first.
I rap, I make deals, I worship mother earth.
I do not rhyme but if I did my rhyme would be a hearse.

You would never find another like me livin in this air.
I rise, I never fare, in love I did not stay.
I kidnapped the vision of Mr. Kennedy's kids.
I'm chained with a gold chain, named it the all change.
You came with a name like mine, changing the whole game.
Word up, World Fair, we all here.
We in here, we all here.
Yea, World's Fair, we in here.
We all here.

Yo, my eyes lower than my bucket print.
Tryna avoid my future, turnin grim a while in this world of sin.
Doin 90's, switchin lanes on the van wyck.
Without a care, exhaling from the last hit.
They wanna know how I'm livin right.
Read between the lines, open yo mind and see the world through my eyes.
Weed by the zip, extending my high.
Mixed the hoser ice, a balcony view to get my mind tight.
Back in the day they tried to play me like a Sega.
Now all these bitches throwing roses at me like I'm Vega.
Shit, I guess I came up from chiefin on the dutch and makin Cali runs.
Just to spend funds like I'm Asian.
Motorola pagers on hips and neighborhood gangsters.
Had me dreamin at a early age to get this paper.
Now we collectin pay cuts, limpin out in London.
Next stop is Italy, the rest is iceberg history.
World's Fair, World's Fair.
Your girl's here.

I did it all for the nookie, what? the pussy.
'83 Darryl Strawberry, rookie.
I also did it for some cookies.
Rob Milanos, and toastin sandwiches from the Cubano.
Dominican Bono with all the shades that I own.
Nothing but Brugal on rocks in my Styrofoam.
Impressin Shorty at the gathering, I'm tryna bone.
Oh you like The Notebook? Me too, you're not alone.
Better grab the Andre, yellow cap the uzzi.
Smoking on the '59, something out of a movie.
Telly by the city still advertising Jacuzzi.
Whispering something in Spanish, fingering her coochy.
Bitches think I ain't Dominican, naw for real I am.
Your juice is on my moustache, drop to my timbalands.
I'm rogued out like JFK.
I'm in yo guts like TSA, at JFK, I'm on it.
World's Fair, we all here.
Your girl's here, we in here.
World's Fair, Your girl's here.

The marvelous, spectacular, spit miraculous.
Black on black, black star, boat back to Africa.
Black women getting nasty for the black man.

So get murderous, rob, disturbing the set, god.
Fall back and get yo motherfuckin set bombed.
They don't call me Prince John Ill for no reason.
Bang for the cause, stay cold like the season.
Score like Arenas, whores get to meet the four horsemen.
Me, my two balls and my penis.
And just in case I don't blow.
I'mma still glow like J. Lo, welcome to the dope show.
And I'm the Marilyn Manson, Jim Kelly.
Igor, the Frankenstein, Mary Shelley.
The born beast, stage murderer.
Who's live? Original dun dada, Lion King, Mufasa.
Bombaclat and holding beats for ransom.
My squad too thick and I'm just too handsome.
The baby face make shorties wanna look up.
Long curvy black hair, super fly, snooker.
The high flyin, frog splash spitter.
Red-top E&amp;J in a brown bag, nigga.
I'm takin sips and let the liquor take a hold of me.
The type to have your mother and yo sister fightin over me.
I'm next up, I'm chasin the next buck.
I make a slut rupture, all I said was, let's fuck.
This is the travesty, rap around it savagely.
World's Fair KOG, call the guard yo majesty.
World's Fair, we all here.
World's Fair.

Word to Murray in the last, get wrote in Morse code.
No my cold heart is all reflected in my wardrobe.
Old Timbs coordinated with my warm soto.

I'm about my borough like a Ralph Lauren polo.
Pony horse logo, watch how I get busy on the promo.
Cotton got me into continental onto Oxford Street.
Biggie on piccadilly, hoes silly, think I'm Chris Kringle on king's cross,.
Chris with a tall bay.
Plastic cut like velour Sean John's and all bay.
World's Fair, count 6 like ghost hits.
Now connect cliques, these New Yorkers in the mix.
This operation, opportunity for unity.
Kids think we cool like Truency, so who is he?
Expat, work Havana, cuba when Batista lead.
And for a feature you would need a visa just to meet up.

Time to act a fool and a time to act properly.
Time for duck confit and a time for beef and broccoli.
Lived in this economy that wasn't really kind to me.
Now I want 1st class, man I'm tired of economy.
Uh, we down to hit the UK on my downtime.
Fuck a hashtag, I change my dollar to the pound sign.
I'm at the airport at the currency exchange.
Where I'm eatin off the hunger that I currently explain.
Don't you worry, I'm insane.
Keep em very entertained.
No deterrent for my current, got the flurry and a flame.
And I surely make it rain, then I bring the sun back out.
Teach my kids the face of challenge, never when my son back out.
Show em how to run that route.
Ball down, touchdown, never see em down and out.
Stay forward, straight forward, don't give me the roundabout.
Round em up, count em out, counter punch , pound em out.
Next a punch and I'm out, wassup?
World's Fair, Your girl's here.
World's Fair, we all here.

