Real Talk Lyrics
by Tyler Tracey.

News Reports.

Man, I'm sick and tired of this world.
It isn't even safe for today's boy and girl.
We living in a time where it's more okay to be illiterate.
Than it is for something about you to be different.
People judging before they even see the cover.
Everyone's hated no matter your sex, gender or colour.
Discrimination isn't the only thing we share.
Not everyone has rights to marry but everyone has arms to bare.
And those same arms are used to take innocent lives.
Out of the real arms of parents, children, husbands and wives.
Bullied teens and deranged superheroes packing nines.
How many people are we going to lose before this madness is the ones that.
dies?
Lives are at stake, something's gotta break.
So put the guns down and lets drown out the hate.
Because Columbine and September's Children could've been prevented.
And I don't wanna hear about more lives being indefinitely suspended.
Rest In Peace to those who chose Purgatory over life.
And R.I.P. to those who felt spree shootings would make it right.
My prayers to those who's wrists kiss the knife.
And to those who lose themselves in addictions every night.
I've been bullied and depressed and I know your pain.
The Devil's been in my room playing his wicked game.
If I could, I'd tattoo my entire body with your names.
To show you what I overcame and that you can do the same.
One person can't do it alone but one person can make a difference.
Just by being positive to others can be your entrance.
To a world away from hateful ignorance.
Where one kid doesn't feel the need to hand out death sentences.
If we change we can get on the track for a safer walk.
So there's no more victims or witness in shell shock.
Peace in our schools and clean up our nations.
So the future generations can live in a haven, real talk.

News Reports.

Ignorance is when people think that they killing shit.
Killing off they people like pestilence tied with presidents.
Currency incentives be making figures less generous.
And force them in entrapment, escaping only by sedatives.
And what's next is these citizens be acting prejudice.
Because money is the motive when money's the only benefit.
In the struggle with different sides in a rumble.
Because love is bitter sweet like the cookie before it crumbles.
Then you stumble upon the midst of like and it's more humble.
When a suburb taking place inside a fucking concrete jungle.
Where a word is kept secret and a nigga only mumble.
Because a small word in the streets will get you twisted in the jumble.
Where you cannot pay the rent and your world's about to tumble.
And it's going out of play but keep it going like a fumble.
Because you really don't know about the next time you'll get stepped on.
Because I know some niggas fiending contraband in the teflon.
Real recognize real in the third perspective.
I said I'm touching on the block and shift around like Tetris.
I'm on my next ish and niggas be on my next list.
And if they fronting on me they be asking for a death wish.
A full life sentence have the people acting breathless.
Like they smoked a fucking cigarette and said that they were stressing.
About some shit that doesn't matter and it's seeming so pretentious.
Softer than my bitch but acting harder than recessions, I'm out.

They shot Malcolm X twenty-one times but he never died.
And I don't have to be black or Muslim to support his pride.
He stood for what's right so I support his cause.
I'm saying what's the truth with the words leaving my jaws.
Equality is something humanity has never had a handle on.
People dieing over stupid things like what clothes they got on.
I wore a hoodie the day a murderer was released from custody.
Because Trayvon could have easily been a member of my family.
No matter the race, sexuality or age we're all the same.
Praying for a different name is no reason to fire and aim.
At another human, that is a life you would be taking.
By accepting peace it's only progress we'd be making.
All the sins we've committed in the past will never forget.
But the future is a new start and it's too soon to quit.
But the question is not what you look at but what you see.
And I see a species who's future is crumbing quickly.

News Reports.

