Real Thuggs Lyrics
by 50/50 Twin.


50/50 Lil' Twin, I'm in here with Slim Thugger, the Boss, 
And the cocky copy machine, King Koopa, 
We off this Nawfside of Houston, 
We, just wan na put it down for all the thugsters 
And, the gangstas naw. I mean dig these blues cutty what 
 
Slim Thug 
Slim and 50 gon drop classics to the day they drop our caskets 
Some folks got that magic and us three have it. 
Dropping hits our fans blasting over a million cashing 
Five years, I'm still lasting foot to the flo'. I'M mashing 
Guarding traffic not crashing controlling the wheel, 
Independent holding a mill without a holding a deal 
50/50 Slim and Chamill, getting it grown. Man, style, 
Our, pockets to y'all pockets like a man and a child 
Paid In Full and Boss Hogg stay controlling the crowd, 
You know the click you hear. The speakers and cars banging loud 
You know the click that represent and have H-Town, proud, 
You know the click that live. They life like outlaws, 
We the untouchable two: it ain't much. We don't do 
If, you try to touch our crew well reach out and touch you 
 fill you with slugs for grilling us with your mugs. 
Make doctors fill you with plugs you dealing with thugs. 
 
If! You ain't! No real thug go ahead, give it up! 
If, you are a real thug, where your sets put'em up. 
Your life seem full of hard times really rough 
Put. The sad songs to the side grind and get bucks 
Don't eat. With your eyes stack cash. Then stunt 
Dump your problems in the ash tray fire up. You some'ing 
Why, try to play catch up, breathe, easy stay, humble 
Cutty! Your time is coming. Are you hungry? Do you want it? 
 
50/50 Twin 
I get down on the dice like what better set of thugs 
Put some 20's on my mama car. Let her Perelli's run 
50/50 slumped down in a awkward machine, 
Four screens, six 15's. Don'T look directly at my ring 
Matter fact: I got a ticket for causing distractions 
I'm. Like officer my head, itched, sir, I was scratching 
I swang watch me swing black Rover sitting clean 
Niggas on my side mirrors crawling European 
And, a European dime playing hide the ding-a-ling 
My chest, don't bling-bling hell. I can't describe the things 
Four/five ice trays on your chest. You understand just what I mean: 
Got plex naw, I mean P-shooter with two beams: 
Boss Hogg, Outlawz Paid In Full Rock 4 Rock 
My twin brother is on lock and I got ta get him out. 
The boy blue, with Slim Thugger and my I'm 50-Feezie 
My hustlers and my thugsters holla back, breathe easy 
, 
Chamillionaire, 
My candy frame got readjusted. It isn't wait. 
I'M sitting straight on spinning plates. I hit the breaks they getting scraped 
Mo' showing love some niggas hate. We get it now, they get it late, 
We put it down, we innovate, can't keep us out. We in the gate, 
You hungry Twin, go get a plate. I'Ma tell you how much we finna make 
If niggas hate that nickel plate make sure they face disintegrate uh 
Y'all niggas is agitating. Your gat is a fashion statement. 
You ain't gon na blast, you faking ha-ha, I'm waiting 
I, don't hear no shells falling. I don't hear no pistols. Popping 
Matter fact give me that gat I'll take that witch. You watching 
Niggas be wish she-watching. You know you won't, do nothing. 
You ain't, gon, shoot and just gon sue. You better go get you Cochran 
No baller rapper, I'm a all-of-rapper! 
We did all of that already and y'all did all-of after 
Matter fact to be exact. The fact is, more then half of 
Y'all rappers new, I'm through I'ma, give y'all that chapter Koopa 
 
