Red Alert Lyrics
by Tyler Cassidy.


I split that fucking red skull, open 
Pain in your brain, praying wishing and hoping 
Hehe Don't fuck with me: 
Yeah, I'm crazy 
I'm, like Ted Bunny, with a hint of Jay-z 

Fucking ass whooping. You gon na have to right a book 
Right away. 
Fuck lets fight. Today. 
Right now tonight you ain't gon na see the light of day 
Fucking Autumn 
Fuck, I'm from the school of hard, knocks 
Basically on the verge of slinging hard rocks. 
I'M'Bout, tired of this pretty boy, shit, 
Chew, you up and huck you out call it pretty boy spit 
Hugh 
Then, wipe my tongue and get your taste out. My mouth 
Are you getting the message: do you see what I'm about 
If? I see one more pretty face on MTV 
I'mma send'em, a bomb with my MP3 
 
This is a fucking red alert. I ain't talking about your hair. 
This is a fucking battleground and I'm the only person there 
You rich fucks rule the world, I'm the only one that cares. 
Kid shit in his pants yo check out his underwear x2 
 
Give him some explosive shit, something you could fight to 
With a beat. My man Eminem could write to 
Its Mc.Dave off of you. It'S night night, dude 
Coming, like a train on this track. I'M mowing right through 
Peeew 
This is for all the rugged souls that don't like you 
They liked to pull your red hair out and steal your mic too 
In the video. You got your ass whooped by a girl 
Looking like a leprechaun with a fuckin' jerry girl, 
Oh and yeah Justin Beiber fuck, you 
I'll your ass on the ice and knuckle punch. You 
And I'mma, tell tell you one time: 
I'll hit you myself. If i hear one more rhyme, 
And add to my collection, one more spine, 
And on my list of ass whoopins', one more behind 
Would you be mine, 
My Motha, Fuckin victim. He was down to reach it up in a motha fuckin
 
, 
And, hey Chester. You thought this shit was over. 
I'Ll run yo ass over in your range red rover, red rover, red rover, 
Send Chester on over 
I'm a fuckin' lunatic kid. Even when I am sober, 
And, Yo Chester. You should see me when I am drop. Pushin 
I'll put your head in the sink say: Keep your nose plugged 
I'm the fuckin Steven King of hip-hop, 
Make ya, put my penis in a fuckin lip lock, 
Haha 
Old Boy, I'm just getting started: cuz' fuckin brain damage, ya, ya, lets get
retarded 
Just, a French 
Eyes Against the bench 
I'm a hawk kid, your a fuckin', finch, 
Don't, fuckin flinch, 
I'm, just fucking with you, 
You, didn't have to bring four or five cousins with you, 
Five redheads, all together in a bunch 
Face the Facts. French. I will you eat your ass for lunch. 
 
