Reel Shit Lyrics
by The Wreckshop Family.


Uh turn me up a lil' bit: Noke 
Right there. It'S going down feel that 
 
I'm on that real shit. That'Ll get you killed, quick 
You about to find yourself in some'ing. You can't deal with 
Casualties. We ain't taking names, cat niggas, don't know the game. 
Calicoes spit burning flames never met one who can dodge my aim: uh-huh 
 
D-Gotti 
I'm on some real shit, the type of shit you don't wan na deal with 
One of my closest dogs, is'spose to loss a quarter million 
As, I'm walking on bricks today time to Participate trying to get rich today, 
Bet fa sho K to ride with the rifo' nigga, I'm a pimp with a AK. 
Break pay or I'ma break your face slide through your block and take your
change 
Don't hate me nigga hate my game. It'S 2003! I'M trying to take my pay 
Fake, I ain't I'll fuck, you up, I'm a rude boy: nigga upper cut, 
Hop down whoop out the bumping bus. Look! What D-Gotti done done to us 
Picture pain with some strings in the game. That'Ll leave some suicide at the
house 
Still. I aim with a throw-away thang bust brains'fore. I ever get caught 
Never get off cause, I don't wan na blast. I don't wan na put a nigga under grass 
I, don't wan na get the gun and mash. I don't wan na put a slug in ya. Ass! 
Who knows what a nigga mad, what a nigga said, what a nigga ain't had when a
nigga doing bad 
What, the fuck it do huh. Now the motherfucker put him in a body bag 
Got it bad and prepare your funeral pass by the way, and do you bro, 
You, better think about the reprocussion. When you thinking about what you gon
do to us, 
 
A3, 
A nigga, got ta, keep it on the real 
Cause cat niggas out here, getting killed for the game, 
Never change and remain the same. I ain't playing 
For a life of what, without scrill 
Who's, to say the next day. Gon portray the way 
That. If it's meant to stay, then I'll still obey 
And, everything's, ok, cause. I continue to pray 
But, sometimes a nigga click and get ready to spray 
You. Better move nigga get out the way, 
Buck shots, we'll open your face. 
Blood splots dripping down your waist 
You ain't. Looking for trouble, you best stay in your place, 
I, don't really bar what you heard. 
The best thing for ya is to try to observe 
Niggas life fly by, like the sack of a Nerf 
Too. Many souls been lost, face down on the curb 
But. Is it hopeless, knowing what I'm thinking when I wrote this 
Trying to cope, see I never lose focus 
Noke and Nick. I want a track. They, the dopest 
Out, the back and jacking a strap only if provoked trick, 
So baby do what just do 
But make sure. Whatever you do, it fits you cause. Believe me, fool, 
Playing, the game. You will lose 
If you constantly trying to fill the next man's shoes, 
 
Lil' Shay 
I'm on that real shit. The type that'll make a nigga feel sick, 
Take, a nigga break, a nigga real, quick 
If. You didn't know this. The real deal, bitch 
The, calicoe, gon, spit them starching flames 
Leave a nigga stiff, like starches mayn 
Never met another nigga that can dodge the aim. 
Even, a vest on ya chest couldn't dodge the rain and I'm harder mayn 
Bo'guard, the Charles Bark', when I'm toting the K 
Got the clip with cold chips, hit the vertebrae 
Like a waiter. All haters get served today. 
And. If you blocking my dogs, you better get out the way 
Move calicoes stand on the scene. 
My bullet ran out the beam you wan na, be on my team. 
Real thug niggas mash. Take that out the scene. 
We'Ll leave ya six feet: we'll shatter your dreams, 
 
Say Wreck. I guess them niggas all ears. 
So, you can say what you wan na say: mayn. You know I'm saying 
Or, they comprehend one of those, but you niggas 
Been wondering what we on that's right: Wreckshop, baby
, 
