Remind My Soul Lyrics
by 3rdiiiUth.


Remind me why my passion's still worth it.
It starts to seem like it's not working.
And I'm not certain that I've put enough work in.
Thoughts lurking hit me in my person.

You could never be for certain if I'm hurting.
I could never let you close enough to scratch the surface.
Cause I'm observing that this jungle's full of serpents.
Just searching, steady hissing.
Wish it was different.
But once reality wraps around your neck.
And you feel your last breath.
You begin to second guess if you made the right steps in the grass.
I'm blessed that I pass through.
Life like knifes ain't attached to my back dude.
And lately that Wu been telling me that cash rules.
And if that's true, then we doomed til the last moon.
It's sad dude, when I hear that click clack boom.
He probably wasn't even a bad dude, sad news.
And that news tryna tell me how to view things.
Gang hits and school.
shootings are not new things.
Tryna show the people what you bring.
But if they got your minds in shoe strings, I got a loose string.
Cause nowadays that's just how you gotta do things.
When they using that eye in the sky to view things.
And the ones who think are the ones to sink slowly.
I try to appear holy.
But the devil scopes me and tries to provoke me.
Hopefully he never gets too close to me.
Because I've got the dopest dreams and need Jehovah holding me.
And lately a couple people been approaching me.
Saying that they heard my voice and there's still hope for me.
Sulk when I see chains, so my soul will not be tamed.
Hip Hop, call it what you want, but it's not a game.
We all tryna make it, but our goals are not the same.
Soulless world, remind my soul that I'm not the same.
I know I'm not the same! I swear I'm not the same!
At least I hope I'm the same, because if I'm the same.
Then nothing's stopping this world from driving my mind insane.
It drives my mom insane.
Riding in that driving lane.
Crowding my mind, and now I'm swerving.
My God has gotta save.
God has got a way of guiding those who got the faith.
But I ain't sure I got the faith, that's why I gotta pray.
I gotta find a way to survive until my final day.
So you can sleep, but no I'm not, I'm staying wide awake.
Until that scythe swing, I'mma keep fighting.
And keep writing, all I need is the right guiding.
That light's shining.

IiMZ &amp; Al Hostile.
Remind me why I'm rhyming in the first place.
Then I think back to when I was in my birth place.
So I'mma go race even though I'm far from first place.
Just remember , I ain't really start in the worst place.
Though I'm hesitant as a first date.
I'm ready to take a leap of faith to ensure space.
And sure working your faith will ensure hate.
Go for your fate. I'll be.
ready to see the lord's face.

They say I'm not hungry....well bitch I'm tryna eat.
I am down on my knees tryna not accept defeat.
But please.
My mom is sad, my pops is mad.
I'm tryna do them right, but I just can't seem to follow that.
I'm not tryna spit no words to the wise.
But I refuse to be viewed as tool of a black Guy.
And then them trap gods go and say they rap gods.
And I get put in a box of making a trap song.
So I just blaze bongs tryna keep my brain strong.
Sit back, and close my eyes and get my blaze on.
I am thinking with my 3rd eye, slowly smoking potent.
I stay up in the clouds, I'm just down for the moment.
So, relax while I relapse over these tracks.
Your 3rd eye is closed.
That explains why you can't see that.
We are greater than the haters we made them fans.
And I'm everything more than what I say I am.
Just realize that these guys ain't using they 3 eyes.
And I started using my shit soon as we died.
A home ain't a home when the heart ain't there.
Can't put the chrome to your dome when your heart ain't there.
So I just sit here alone as I remind my fear.
That the only place that I consider home is not near.

