Rendezvous Lyrics
by NuLOVE.


I was that young nigga in Kindergarten 
Punching bullies in the mouth whenever shit was started. 
I knew I had no reason to be scared of anybody 
Just. One of the little lessons that my dad had taught me 
He said turn on the television. Tell me what you see: 
Dirty politicians, hollering and arguing 
Either way they making millions. They don't care'bout us 
We ain't got a pot to piss in we shit out of luck. 
I got a vision of topless women in saunas, dripping 
I'm prolly tripping off marijuana. Hitting Am I wrong for this shit Prolly
not 
You on that bullshit like Scottie Pippen 
Bragging, how you hittin licks prolly on a lollipop 
You, might understand, but you don't stand in this ignorance 
Sag, my fucking pants, looking for something promiscuous 
But just forget about the problems and The violence too 
Well at least for today, so why won't you ..., 
 
Come and ride with a nigga in the neighborhood 
We could blow a zone. If you say we should 
Bumping tunes that a nigga in the 80's would 
The day is good. The day is good 
 
The, very same bitches tryna, flirt giving birth to the babies 
Of these niggas doing dirt behind they back how absurd 
I'd prefer you kick that nigga to the curb he deserve it. Well, 
Even. If you learned your lesson, you can tell him burn in hell. 
Now Imma burn this L and see just how I feel 
Watch the crowd, throw they hands like some tattle tails 
And. They don't tell me anything unless its positive 
Preppy white girls, that only styling in designer shit 
Be jockin' on minorities. They parents say what kind of shit is that 
I'm. Just a nigga, that's tryna see the finer shit 
This that buy a new crib for your momma shit, 
Go on tour, with no sponsor shit 
Scholarships holding out like them girlies in your route, 
Or like them wifie's on your phone who want to know your where-abouts 
I. Tell her leave your ass at home. If you about to have an attitude 
But, if you acting cool, then why won't you ... 
 
We them niggas in the back, like we forgot about Rosa Parks, 
But, really we just sit-in protesting like Martin Luther 
My flow. Is art cause they saying so its pretty sad 
Noah's arch? Couldn'T save these hoes 
Even Bonita Applebums rolling thumbs, be the ones 
Tryna have a nigga's son, while I'm sitting on the sun throwing ones 
These the visions of a nigga fresh out of adolescence 
Time to teach your ass a lesson class in session. Why won't you ... 
 
