Rest of the Crew Lyrics
by Two Thirds Tan.


Whatever party's over tell the rest of the crew.
Yo Turbo, it's on you, whatchu wanna do.
Whatever party's over tell the rest of the crew.
Yo Spiz, it's on you, whatchu wanna do.
Whatever party's over tell the rest of the crew.
Yo Triple, it's on us, what we gonna do.

Just when I thought I was alone.
I got these problems pressing to my head like chrome.
Ain't no use in going home.
I'm a youngin on the streets in rare form.
Bringing rain I'm bringing mad storms.
From now on I'm staying hot no more lukewarm.
I step in the stu and then I transform.
I'm hands on.
Always got some weed as long as I got some pants on.
Ain't another sad song.
This is lifestyle.
In a cypher Two Tan be getting quite wild with bright styles.
Look at the kid and I might smile.
They say you got a grin about you.
They tell me watch your back cause they talking shit about you.
I need a rap I need a voucher.
Turbo turn my music louder.
As I clear up all the doubters.
Light it up and hit the powder.
I'm just kidding but I'm not a coward.
I'll grab your face with my hand like I'm Dwight Howard.
I'm filthy bitch I need a shower.
Equipped with knowledge to the third power.
And when I need an escape I hit the flowers.
Getting payment by the hour.
Stepping out in Eddie Bauer.
On the fast track homie pass that.
We making them classics until we get where the cash at.
And that's that.

Whatever party's over tell the rest of the crew.
Yo Turbo, it's on you, whatchu wanna do.
Whatever party's over tell the rest of the crew.
Ayo Thought man, it's on you, whatchu wanna do.
Whatever party's over tell the rest of the crew.
It's the Triple man, we gonna do what we wanna do.

Icy kinda flow so beware of frostbite.
Can't feel your fingertips, not even in the sunlight.
Leave you with a limp and a overbite.
Underrated but your overhyped.
All gold but I didn't make it overnight.
Got you coughin' like a respirator or a casket.
They adopted my flow, so call me a bastard.

I missed my exit, I realized after.
No John though.
Lead you in the cut like Rondo.
No Vuitton though.
Hear that 808 bongo.
Like a con mongo.
Shirt made in Congo.
I stay with eating Hawks like Alonzo.
Got your girl paying rent on my condo.
I don't even know how to rap they know how the song go.
Hit them with all types of nouns and verbs.
I use twice the words.
Half the math.
No defense I always attack.
But even your shadow leaves your back when its black.
So I let the dice roll like craps.
And when I stop spitting they always clap.
They always clap and that's that.

Whatever party's over tell the rest of the crew.

