Return of the Loop Digga Lyrics
by Quasimoto.

Production by Madlib.

L-l-loop digga....

Yo, it's the loop digga.
Man, it's the loop digga.

Some niggas be sampling the same ass shit.
Some niggas be looping up them played out hits.
But that's more for me, plus the peeps I'm down with.
We strive to create some way out other shit.
That you ain't heard yet, we building up respect.
Then come the check, then I cash chips.
Now I go get more stacks of wax.
Fuck CDs, cassettes, 8-tracks and DATs.
Fuck all that shit, cat.
I remember I was stealing old records from my aunt's closet.
Back in the days I didn't even know that I could make a profit off it.
I drop loops to make you feel like you been taking swiggers.
Yo, it's the return, nigga.

Skit.
Madlib: Excuse me....
Vendor: Ah yes, you looking for something?
Madlib: There's no prices on these records right here.
Vendor: Oh, the jazz records? Oh those aren't marked yet... but if you look.
over here... do you have anything in mind?
Madlib: Would you happen to have any uhh... Stanley Cowell? Like 1970s.
stuff....
Vendor: I've never heard of him....
Madlib: I think his stuff is on Strata East or something....
Vendor: Has he made any hits?
Madlib: He ain't got none of that.
Vendor: I doubt if I have him.
Madlib: Back there, you got some Grant Green or something?
Vendor: Ah, Grant Green? Yes. 1958. Blue Note. Blue Note Records.
Madlib: Chick Corea, Inner Space? I'm looking for that shit it's on Atlantic,.
1968.
Vendor: No, um, sorry.
Madlib: What kinda breaks you got then?
Vendor: We got a wide selection of Simon Harris.
Madlib: Simon Harris breaks? Nah, I'm looking for some shit with some real.
soul.
Vendor: Shit? Excuse me?
Madlib: Fuck? Fuck it.
Vendor: Got Redbone Breaks.
Madlib: Y'all got any reggae up in this piece or something?
Vendor: We have no reggae in here.
Madlib: Nothing?
Vendor: No, nothing.
Madlib: Shit, I'm out.

Break.
Yo, Madlib... yo....
I know you comin' with all this other shit man.
But I want you to hit them with that raw shit right about now.
You know what you gotta do.

One two, one two.
The selective approach provides the essential conditions for creative freedom.

Uh-oh, I got shit on deck, just like a pelican.
The Beat Konducta orchestrate, put you under my spell again.
I drop the soul inside your ear hole.
Add the bass line, then I hit you with a fat drum roll.
I'm tackling gods and dogs on Holy Thursday.
Like David Axelrod, I keep it raw from the first day.
I want it in the worst way, don't pay more than ten dollars.
Get together with Kan-Kick it's like we loop scholars.
Keeping Clifford Jordan on down to Willie Mason.
The Propositions, Cassietta George, good for lacing.
It's like I got a goldmine in my soul supply.
Niggas askin' Yo, Madlib, why you waste so much money on records and getting.
high, man?
Man, I got no time for silly shit.
Throw this record on, pack a bowl, take a hit.

Yo it's the....
L-l-l-loop digga....

