Revenge Lyrics
by 3rdiiiUth.


Soul flying free who has time for a hearse.
Decapitated heads I'm just riding on my horse.

Don't judge my motives.
Your life - the reaper stole it.
All you see is red and black my family's not Polish.
Loud sounded thunder gotta try and find the foliage.
Abuse the finisher, leave a bitch nigga folded.
Beats Shirley in her Temple, knock a wizard off the broom.
Doctor was drugged, shove you back in the womb.
A love lost, house carried, gently by balloons.
Opposing ? deadly deaths taken over soon.
Don't apologize, you had your chance to cry.
No antidote venom crawling up your thighs.
Fuck being known, all I wanted was the prize.
Puke your guts up, I'll exterminate the flies.

Reveal your blade as the battle begins.
Level playing field slashing at your shins.
You're calling it a crime, I'm calling it revenge.
Clean up the blood, patience running thin.
And in the end, create a beautiful sin.

They want to critique me, blood is seeping.
Running through your mind like the words I'm speaking.
Abuse your chakra points til' your ancestors sleeping.
Metaphors complex, leave you dumb niggas thinking.
Fuck up your life DNA missing three rings.
Mental Lightning Blade, mitochondria's leaking.
Hopes in my voice cause the pacemaker's beeping.
Song starts to end as the whittle starts weeping.

Finna power up, my nigga reaching new heights.
And breaking old limits nigga we ain't got no gimicks.
Just the coolest nigga spittin'.
In the booth I am a Dentist, on my pension.
Its lethal like the ass shots on a thick bitch.
Robert De Niro, in casino, the way.
we stash chips.
The goal is to get past rich.
And you can be my Emma Stone, getting stoned, we can get lit.
Do you believe in evil, I'm Benny Segal, riding in an 87 Regal.
I'm too lethal, like poison beetles.
What i spit is magic like Shaq diesel.
Coming with that Iron Man that's my war machine like Don Cheedle,.
You want that fireman spitting ether, cooking shit up like a frying pan.
And all you niggas pinheads like I'm Dirty Dan.

