Ridiculous Lyrics
by Yungjay.


First and foremost man forget jesus.
I'm a genius, that started doing calculus out my penis.
Apparatus rapping with platinum status.
Were adolescents, the freshest and we keep a cool essence woah.

And we're lyrical, its a miracle.
This collaboration is so spiritual.

Here's a little riddle if the piper fucked the fiddle.
And the 3 bears ate the bitch, would that be original?
Nowadays people seem so fuckin critical.
Like they never been subjected to fuckin ridicule.
Stab a nigga in the back like he's soo cynical.
Your begging for your life, How hypocritical.

They honor us, they wanna hit the bong with us.
LSR gang or fist fight 50.
Ya pull up on rims, they'll be gone in 60.
Seconds I reckon our weapons will have you sketchin.
Bullets ripping through, skin tissue.
Hell naw nigga we ain't miss you.
LSR gang or try to stop a nuclear.
missile.
Nowadays people seem so fickle.
I wouldn't buy your shit if it was cooler than an icicle.
Fuck that, I'll hit you with another riddle.
Why would I touch those stacks your cash is so little.
Earn this honest when I spit it's Earnest.
I ain't vain, Hi I'm modest.
Talking about how good I am will make this ironic.
But it's subliminal, I'm unpredictable which is erratic.
Girls cling to me as if they were static.
Electricity it's a pity their friends can't have it.
I don't have friends, I got business associates.
Who conversate about business when it's appropriate.
If it's trees I'm smoking it, Popping seeds opiates.
I'll chew it, inject it, drink it, sniff it so be it.

Cause I'm soviet, it's fucking over bitch.
I will gun you down from the mothafucking trees and shit.
I am hiding like on some Korean shit.
Ak 47's both gottem Bitch.
So I'll gun you down from both sides, you can't even hide.
Because I've got double the double, the double.
Like double the bubble, I've got double the technology.
Understand that you can't even be instant me.
Cause I understand that physics, is ballistics.
Fucking ballistics missiles and there coming by the trillions.
Oh My God! Billions of people dying doesn't even matter I was doing this I.
wasn't even trying.
I was lying to her so easily, Honestly she tries to walk up to me.
So I had sex and it was the frickin best.
I went fucking hard like a fucking t-rex.
Dayum!

Both Artists: This shit is ridiculous.

Yo this girl needs that stimulus.
An birds around me like I'm in a circus.
I treat em like scum, hoping that they feel worthless.
One bitch opened my fridge to search it.
Man this bitch is looking ridiculous Ridiculous x2.
Shit.

I'll be Inuit in a freakin minute.
When I reach my limits, I don't care I'm legit.
I never ever quit cause I am in debt.
Gonna use my credit card that's something you can bet, because.
I Don't regret nothin understand I've got 5 and there all fuckin done an I'm.

Chilling, with a Hanna Montana fan Random.
If it's your eyes I kick sand in them.
I would rob Oprah and take her mansion.
Kidnap her and hold her for ransom.
Security busts in saying hands up.
They couldn't tell it was me, I was masked up.
All black everything like Oprah.
Forgot about the chips I left on the Sofa....

