Right Direction Lyrics
by Sway UK.


Whenever you're trying to move too quick on the way to the top.
Its only “Right” that you're gonna get lost.
Tryna “keep” up so you don't get “left” behind.
Without a penny so you don't give a toss.
Heads or tails you're taking too many gambles.
You're on a “roundabout” and going too hard.
“Then” you're on the “road” taking too many shortcuts.
Tryna “stay” in the race and now you're going too fast.
That's not the sound that you hear *Speeding Alert*.
Its more like *police siren* what've we found over here?
When the feds ask me I'm I moving any gear I'm like yeah.
I'm, good with the six right here.
I'm tryna buy “300 yards” so whenever me and ideas “cross” paths.
I action it, I Bronson it, on.
some gangster Giggs, Mark Ronson sh@^.
Ah, everybody knows that I'm in my own “Lane”.
Speaking of everybody nose.
I can share a Coke I ain't watching no names.
‘Cause I've always been the one that hopes everybody blows.
Whether I “Turn left” or “right”.
“Turn” day or night, I ain't running to be “2nd”.
I'm here to “stay” gotta keep “ahead” with every lyric I “write”.
Let's go.

Clear roads no more traffic on the way.
Here goes, here goes.
I've been moving in the right direction.
Keep on moving in the right direction.

“Enjoy the journey as much as the destination, There are no shortcuts, its.
gonna be hard” – Brad Burton.

Vroom, money money got you revving up your engine.
But what do we have “left” when we spend it?
And “after” the debts pile up you‘ll see everybody and their Mummy running for.
the “Exit”.
That's “when” you start getting desperate.
Some reach “the end of the road” wanna “end” it.
When applying for jobs, people at the top take too long to respond.
Kendrick.
Ah, I know my flow is madness and it's got the people screaming out Sway's.
back.
Every year you say that.
And even when the road got Rocky I was upstairs ASAP.
“Right” wake up the game ‘cause they take naps.
Got a brother feeling like Sean, take that.
Look “sharp” I Combs through my issues.
So you can see where my waves at.
Everybody knows that I'm in my own “Lane”.
Speaking of everybody nose.
I can share a Coke I ain't watching no names.
‘Cause I've always been the one that hopes everybody blows.
Whether I “Turn left” or “right”.
I'm tryna exceed my estimations.
And googles the only time I'm hanging out ‘till she says.
“You have reached your destination”.
Ok.

Do re mi, I'ma “Keep write”-in until I turn “80”.
Even though I've got a couple songs about speed *Speeding Alert*.
Sorry, I still encourage road safety.
I ain't gonna retire, until my tyres have had it only then will I be tired and.
vanish Timmy Mallet.

feel embarrassed.

