Rise of the Machines Lyrics
by The Undergods.


I'm a caveman valentine oversaturated with rhymes.
The Undergod calibrated the design.
For extraordinary intrepidity and gallantry on the mic.
I'ma spit like this for life.
Aight, night vision goggles on, spit 'Mission Impossible' song.
Microphone check, monitors on.
Y'all step into the zone, in the zone there's no turning back home.
Stranded alone when machines implode.
This is primal instinct spit, get your spinal disc kicked.
Nobody goes harder than this.
Reaction beyond ration, anything can happen.
Anybody rapping knows they can't go past it.
The beat get bodied, trashed in plastic bone fragments.
Early stages of microphone madness.
Terminator telecommunications about usual statements.
In conversations about who's the greatest.

Rise of the machine.
Keith Murray and Canibus, nah mean.
The Undergods.
Rise of the machine.
Rise of the machine.
Rise of the machine.

Bump it in your trunk.
Keith Murray/Canibus burning out, what the fuck?
Tryna prevent us from coming through is like spraying deodorant.
On the Gilla House_____________.
Defeating the purpose, we still gonna bump.
You shaking and nervous, I see you a punk.
But we don't want beef, don't hold no grudges.
We're tired of dealing with cops, DEAs, lawyers and judges.
Death of the terminator, new jack exterminator.
Nitrous, I'll experiment on you later.
Watch the road, let's travel.
Avoiding the gravel, we can build and destroy whatever have you.
We the dominating factor, factors flow morbid.

Styles come from hard learning wisdom.
Mean, now witness the Rise of the Machine.

Picture the scene, spit a sixteen, your fingers smell like nicotine.
Before you touch the controls wash your hands clean.
A human being with dreams that can only be seen.
By a machine with a ELREC screen.
Engine engine number 8.
We watch you take Hip Hop to another place.
If you wanna hear the Undergods on a track.
Mix it up, mix it up, mix it up.
Back from the dead, hot chili pepper red.
Addicted to prescription meds, looking through the world through my lens.
I can rap but it's gonna take more than that.
In fact, naturally it takes everything I lack.
It's that monkey that I can't seem to get off my back.
It's that unprovoked savage chimpanzee attack.
What's a tangible way to put.
Can I kill you with a frangible bullet? We'll find out when I pull it.

