Rollin Crazy (Bird & Emerse) Lyrics
by Zoo Crew.


Turn up the music, I'll spit this fluent.
It's A-Game, Bird, and Emerse on a track and this is how we do it.
Y'all dose up on that .2, we dose up 'till we're stupid.
Hype, feelin' right, I can tell tonight's already improvin'.
I hit the Amp and I'm amped up, I'm with the Zoo Crew in Tampa.
I got Mollyrocks fatter than Santa with rhymes hotter than Atlanta.
In the summertime, but I'm pumped tonight, and I'm on my grind you can't stop.
my shine.
And I want what's mine - and that's Molly in my system and my pocket just to.
guarantee I'll have a good night.
Alright, I'm back on my shit - Zoo Crew and Miss Molly got my back in this.
bitch.
And I'm mackin' on chicks and I'm stackin' my chips, I'm first y'all last get.
slapped with a dick.
No respect, but I'll still act nice - when I'm with Molly I promise that I'm.
polite.
So you don't have to worry, live on with your life since I'm rollin I will not.
knock out your lights!

Emerse back in this bitch again, comin' through rippin' off all your skin.
I'm new and improved with a black mac 10 I'm a take your life, guaranteed my.
friend.
Mental telepathy rippin' incredibly, spittin' at you on the deadliest melody.
Rip you in two so you better not step to me, fuck with my crew? Gonna need.
surgery.
Drinkin' on brew and blazing the heavenly, it's what I do so call it my.
therapy.
Smoked on a few, asked Molly to marry me, next thing I knew? I'm rollin'.
retardedly.
Rippin' robotically perform lobotomies hidden astrology comin' from out of me.
Ritual sodomy, blue pills I'm swallowing bodies I'm hollowing demons.
demolishing.
You never heard of me, killin' internally, doin' it wonderfully, here for.
eternity.
Expert in poetry as well as the potent tree, get on my level but you couldn't.
fuck with me.
I can really make you disappear - high up in the fuckin' atmosphere.
And to just make this nice and clear? I'm a go with you bitch have no fear.

Always got a pair of sunglasses, when I die? Find Molly in my casket.
MDMA is simple magic... and I'm a magician.
Come dose up if you down to roll! Hell yeah I'm fucked up, but I have goals.
And I'm not very old, but I handle my own, I'm a mothafuckin' beast on the.
microphone.
It's Bird lil' homie you know me, if you don't cause I'm low key as can be.
And I'm not messin' with no ecstasy, I got crystals you wanna see?
Honestly I'm just trying to be the best I can be, and truthfully?
I'm a go down in history with 2 bitches buried right next to me!
See me I shine I'm on my grind like 24/7 that's all the time.
The only thing on my mind is money and Molly, that's no lie.
You don't want been cause I'm too raw I'll take your shit like U-Haul.
I got a lot of drugs, lockjaw - I rep Zoo Crew, so fuck y'all.

