Ruff Ryders All Star Freestyle Lyrics
by Ruff Ryders.


Ruff Ryder Three, Time for the younger generation to blow.
You know I brought my nigga with me.
D-Block.

Hey yo, it's Jae Hood bitch respect my bars.
The doctors had to piece together your face like a collage.
Niggas always talk breezy till the steel come out.
And slugs rip through their gums and their grill come out.
Motherfuck you and fuck your mans.
If I don't clap you in the dome.
I'm a leave clips in your diaphragm.
I'm the hood prophet.
Puff purple instead of chocolate.
Stay from around chumps and cowards cause they gossip.
And I'm a stay on the corner like stop signs.
With a pack of them creamy colored rocks and the Glock nine.
When you speaking of the hardest nigga.
Bring hood's name up.
D Block bitch, we about to have the game chained up.
My words too strong, bars too powerful.
And your towel can't dry you when the dumdums shower you.
Your mad because your garbage and your lyrics is boring.
And your whip was made that same year you was born in.

Listen man, Don't worry how many gats this crook has.
Just know I stay strapped like book bags.

You just getting off your porch.
And me? I'm just getting off in court.
I could make sure your coffin bought.
Why would you mention a burner?
There is a difference between rapping and attempting to murder.
Talking the shit you living and talking the shit you heard of.
You said fuck Larceny?
What is you crazy, bitch?
Before you walk the streets, here's a few safety tips.
Watch who you speaking bout and watch who you speaking to.
The cats you speaking bout could show you what the heat could do.
A respirator is what you'll be breathing through.
And you got beef with who that you need toast.
The closest you came to beef was meat loaf.
When we pose with bats and pea coats.
Y'all niggas better be close.

To fuck with Cam, y'all bitches better hope and dream.
Every gun that I own got a scope and beam.
When I approach the scene shake the dice, rook the team.
Best bitch on the east coast since Queen.
Latifah, buy reefer, fly diva.
Ride deeper, four pound bump louder than five speaker.
Spit fire, hot lava flow.
Don't get it twisted, I'm not one of them Prada ho's.
Catch me in Escada clothes, with a lot of dough.
That's not mine, it's his.
I need a lot more to live.
You got to get the king before the kid.
How you think a bitch like me afford to live motherfucker?

Styles.
That's a bad bitch, Shiz you a bad ass nigga, It's the younger generation,.
killing y'all, Lock, get busy on these niggas.

Hey look, I'm trying to sell mad gravy.
So I get birds from my crew and make Erykah Badu my Bag Lady.
You that crazy? Squeeze, I know you ain't spitting shells.
Your hand shake so much it shows up on the Richter scale.
I made the huskiest niggas look like they had sickle cell.
I don't just sell bricks, dog I got a bitch for sale.
So let me find the nigga that hating Lock.
No coffin, he get buried in the refrigerator box.
God damn, I'm a hot man.
I'm telling you straight up, I got my weight up, Jacob.
Call my wrists Roxanne.
Cause if I wore it in a dark room.
You and your man would hate it, I'mma look animated like a cartoon.
Bottom line, I'm telling you that you ain't fucking with me.
Hard, nobody guards, you want a shot, come and get me.
I'm not a sucker, nor is any nigga running with me.
And why are y'all balling with wheels if they under fifty.
Nigga.

Lock and blocks the motto.
Got more slow than Dr. Zhivago.
Same mind state that makes a poem rock in Chicago.
But I don't get my gangster from movies.
I'm a rockstar, 5 star teles, running with gangsters and groupies.
Come through and leave a voice sick.
Cause my F-type steers with a joystick.
I'm the heart in my era.
Listen, I lead an artistic life.
Paint pictures with my actions, ain't no margin for error.
My innate features, leave niggas dismayed, speechless.
And please don't mistake weakness for kindness.
I fuck with old timers.
So don't make me forget that you real and catch Alzheimers.
Motherfucking hoes never I spoil them.
Remember, I'm known to break a bitch for reckless eyeballing.
The top dog, nigga, I'm the bare truth.
You want to get math?
Nigga I'm the square root.
The Rockstar.

I got mean stash.
You seen Cass get his thug on.
Strip my bitch, we kiss and get our hug on.
She what I put drugs on and get my grub on.
And dog, when you park your car, put your club on.
The next cat I put the snub on.
Ima clap the gat till it get too hot, and that's with gloves on.
Y'all love drawing, you should go to an art school.
I get my club on with the glow in the dark jewels.
Trees in my shoes, polo in the dark blues.
And I spark tools that the po and the narcs use.
Fuckers, y'all stupid or something.
What's the point in pulling out your joint if you ain't shootin at nothing.
Dude, fronting will get you banged in the face.
If you have braces then you know how the banger will taste.
I'm near anything pertaining to cake.
And Just copped the blue lighting with the rectangular face.
Easy.

Styles.
Easy niggas, matter of fact fuck that go hard.
Cass' show these niggas how you built.
Grab your guns and bust off, my nigga.

Yeah it's Cassidy bitch, get the name clear.
I'm what you lame steer got the game scared.
Buy 'caine by the square, sell it by the o.
I run through snow like a reindeer.
The cool kid, got the coke heads nose red like Rudolf.
I grind on the strip so hard I got blue balls.
I'd rather knock a q off then get blew off.
That's how I stay on my toes like my shoes off.
You dudes are soft, really bitches like Ra Paul.
When's it's war I move out like U-hauls.
I'm a true boss.
I send eight balls to the corner.
My strip like a pool hall.
And I ball like I been in the sport.
My trigger finger itching like it got genital warts.
Don't play around with him boy.
Cause Cass is a pain in the ass like hemorrhoids.
Faggot!

