Ruse Lyrics
by Ruse.

Hi I'm Wyatt bouncin off the walls. Man. I run riot. 
Yall drop the ball like one's privates 
All in all I rock the boat. So call me a pirate 
Lookin for dope. Then I'm supplyin., Often outspoken, but I oughtta keep quiet. 
Mouth is always open, but I'd probably pry it. If I sealed it. Shut. Silence is
for the calm 
I'm the bomb like a Muslim 
Yeah, I'm awesome. You can ask my mom 
Destroy every single track, I'm on 
While havin, a blast cause, I'm the bomb. 
I'M outta this world ya got ta blast off 
To, get to the frickin spacecraft that I'm on 
Sittin. In the back with a six-pack 
Cause, my friend has abs. Man, I'm fifteen come on 
Think, I'm whack! Well, someone's wrong. I'll smack you with the back and then
the palm 
Of my hand, then cock back the other one and whack you with that in the same
fashion 
Run fast, I'm comin after ya, with nunchucks that I jacked from 
Mister Benton. I can't trust him.. He pawned my stuff as crack fund 
Awesome when in action, throw caution to the wind when rappin, 
You're, coughin and I'm laughin. Must be the heat, I'm packin 
In. This pencil. Instrumentals always fall victim.. It isn't incidental 
Give it a minute and I'll convince yall that lyricism isn't what I'm lackin at
all 
I'm rad and I'm backin it up. You're bad cause. Your rappin sucks, 
Same old crap about havin cash. When, actually, you make like seven and a half
bucks 
I'm mad and I'm gon na erupt., If that is good, then I'm gon na give up 
Wait. I take that back.. That makes me amazing, as f***.. Listen up 
Take me down now. I'M never givin up 
No way. No, how I'm missin out on that much 
Patiently waitin to break new ground 
And. If I break a leg, I will take the crutch. 
Pound you in the face. Hate makes for a great grudge 
Make, no mistake. The radio's full of drudge 
K Dot and Slim Shady raise the bar way up. 
Far, as I can see it, it remains untouched. 
I, don't give a dang. If you bang sluts 
I could care less if you're, caked, up 
I, hope and pray ya, don't get famous 
If you're sayin the same stuff Wayne does 
Why must thou acquaint us with ways of goin about that're dangrous, 
Martians, they'd, hate us., Some brains need a change-up 
Not mine, 
Don't, cock, nines, no Columbine, 
Wolf Haley does Tyler's fine 
Paradoxal lines clock the time. 
It takes me to make me a crazy buzz, while these fakes just 
Watch the incline. I'm sublime, and what I got 
Is top notch rhymes., I'm not even in my prime 
Remember that. Lost my mind but Imma get it back. 
Just pass me that pen and pad then Imma write, crap that'll mend the crack 
Been a minute, and I defend the fact that I'm a lyricist with tremendous tracks, 
If you're sayin swag in your raps I'd, recommend to put an end to that. 
Swag'S, a fad. Fads change and it happens fast, 
It's strange, but that's a fact., Your brain flips faster than an acrobat 
Can't stand all this lame crap, that's as fake as a Blaine magic act. 
Make, it rain I'll make a cataract a brainstorm to battle that 
I ain't the norm and that's great cause. I hate the norm 
We're too great to conform with. What'S normal., Let's wage war 
And make more than a faint roar. Yeah. Let'S make em pay for 
Makin us feel strange for bein. What'S in our nature, 
Watch me take the floor.. Think I'm strange Come on. Take a tour 
Through. My mind. You'll find fine lines beside neural pathways: that'd make
your legs sore 
I'm great you're, a waste of space. That'S wastin, your 
Time trynna call me names when I think it's great to be strange. 
So back up or get backup. Anger's stacked up, 
Feel free to hate.. You lack what makes me great.. That'S a 
Shame, but it ain't bad luck.. It'S the way you were raised.. Mom and dad fucked
up 
And made you one to judge others instead of lovin on another 
People. Like you make me real butthurt. Wan na scream, cuss words 
Cause, you mother, f***ers, think it's cool and okay to ruin another person's
whole day. 
You won't ruin, me., Keep goin, I'm doin, fine 
You, don't know the potential I hold, but I know you will in due time, 
I abuse lines.. If that's a crime screw a fine 
I'll. Do the time. I'll rewind this to remind myself that I'm too sublime 
What. I got is gruesome. Rhymes made my an exuberant mind, 
Combine, that with my great flow. Now I know my future's fine 
Killin on sight, Medusa's eyes. Overreact, like Pewdiepie 
When. You hear this track, lose your mind. Hope to God that I blew your mind. 
I'M Wyatt. I run riot. Screw that I'm too devine 
I'm Ruse and I run riots.. You can make fun but who's shinin. Now 
 
