Ryde Or Die Lyrics
by Ruff Ryders.

Sheek 
Yo, if you gon' sleep on somethin, might as well be a bed 
And. If you gon' crack a nigga might as well be a head 
Cause. If you target the LOX 
You might as as well target a box. 
That you gon' sleep in for years. All covered wit rocks 
Cause. I think not. I pop shots. I double what y'all got 
Ya hotshots ain't got blocks ya, puta, muchacha 
From the days in school now a motherfucker rule 
Enough to drop my chain in coffee and keep shit cool 
That's. How ice be I'm priceless? The iciest 
And I dont got ta wear fatigues to blow out your chest: 
My bullets thump when I'm laced in some fly: shit, punk, 
The, baby, nine, be on the daily ain't, no poppin, a trunk 
But. If I pop the trunk its to hand you a rag 
So, you can wipe down the windows on the side of my Jag 
Must. I brag My shit paid for yours, tagged 
And every bitch, you grabbed Sheek, been done bagged, 
, 
Jadakiss, 
Hey yo. I hope you ain't tongue-kissin, your spouse, 
Cause. I be fuckin her in the mouth 
Type of nigga buck at your house. 
Too slick means she be suckin. My dick 
And before you know it I'mma have her stuffin my bricks 
Jada. If I kiss you now, you'll die later, 
I been nice since niggas was watchin movies on Beta 
Ready to clap everybody givin me daps, 
Cause, believe it or not. We be the ones settin. The traps 
Listen to y'all shit then listen to our shit. 
Ain'T nuttin y'all faggots could do but gossip 
That's the reason now y'all niggas ain't got shit. 
Cause everytime. I turn around y'all on the LOX dick 
Niggas thats narrow. I just smack em wit, the barrel 
Give it to em at the light like Caine's cousin, Harold 
 
The, Ruff Ryders, The Ruff Ryders 
, 
Styles 
Fuck, you and your son y'all lower than scum 
Show me, the money I'll show you a gun, motherfucker 
S-P will spin The corner while
you parle' with dun 
I, clap you, I clap him and thats rule number one 
Suckin, my dick and I dont give a fuck what you spit 
Who you are where you from and who the fuck you could get 
Cause I sell records. Plus I got a jail record: 
Y'all niggas ain't sayin shit until y'all bare weapons 
And. Even when you dead, you can still fuckin get it. 
A nigga that'll, smack ya fuck around and clap ya, 
Styles P. your favorite rapper's favorite rapper, 
, 
Eve, 
Ain't, no surprise. Niggas! Only fuck wit, recognized niggas 
Babygirl want the world gave ya. Pies niggas 
No tops, take em in all shapes and size. Niggas 
No lie, prefer them ready, do or die niggas 
What. What you want cutey starin at me, like 
Damn, where you from You be comin at me. Like 
Can, I get some Lick your lips for this brown sugar. 
Suck me like a thumb. If you want til, I come uh, 
, 
Drag-On 
I, be the D-R A-G dash O-N, slash, often 
Comma burnin niggas often 
They call me Drag-On, I'm hot scorchin 
Keep the block roastin 
Light, a dutch wit, the flames, coma-toastin' 
In my eyes. You could see what summer's holdin 
Realizin every guy, I'll fry or dead ride, 
I burn to a degree of 130 and my gun dirty 
Cause. It got one buried, so you better run hurry 
Or catch one early, 
You, wrong, tryin. To touch me. What type of shit you on 
You better? Throw your boots on and your unflammable suits on 
Cause I'm comin through in a Yukon 
Black tinted wit gats. In it 
Catch you, while you smokin, send your casket, throw the sack in it 
But only half of it cause y'all are half-ass dude 
And. We are one whole and y'all. Niggas is one slash: two 
My gun blast. You tryna out the flames what're. They firemen 
You'll catch a hell of a backdraft 
Cause, my fire retire men, 
 
DMX 
Its, my survival instinct that keeps my head above the water 
Everyday. I show another how I love a slaughter 
Plug, your daughter, full of more holes than sponges 
Taxin businessmen for stocks over lunches. 
With. These I shoot the breeze and extort 
Enough ki's from the Cuban to build a fuckin fort 
Caught up in somethin that I can't control 
Tryna get a hold of a bankroll. That'S swoll 
Catchin' bodies like a cold and I stay sick, so face it. 
Make me chase it. I take your life and erase it 
Waste it in the fuckin streets, cause it ain't worth shit. 
The undertaker. Take your ass under the earth, quick, I 
Love money, but the scramblin's hot 
So. I snatch up my man and hit the gamblin spot. 
Twenty grand has got one nigga shot. One nigga less 
What used to be his chest is now a mess under his fucking vest
 
