S.Y.K.O. Lyrics
by Syko.


As I blow this bomb to the brain. 
I ask my motherfuckin parthna nino caine 
Whats in the name 
Whats in the name: 
 
Point, blank confrontation, manipulation, w/, the music 
Often barely influenced while fillin my body wit liquid fluids, 
Gone off reality battle. Me is jus like self mutilation, 
Sticks and stones break bones. 
But, I break them. Niggas concentratiom, 
In relations to the one-deuce play duck duck goose on ya program. 
How doez feel duckin lyrical shots, fly'n outta of broughams 
Let. No man ever test. Stop my excellence. 
Cause syko stays competitive, shreddin shit when I preformin written testaments, 
Da, element of surprise n, the sky of an assassin' 
Deadly, anger, n, my chambers, executin' anyone askin 
About, my occupation, 
Cause, I'm station'n new dimension, 
Creatin invention, 
I won't mention to leave suspension, 
In addition to other Substantial amounts of topics 
I'ma represent the west coast without bitin Pac shit, 
While other niggas profit 
From, another niggas name, 
I'ma stay Syko, guaranteed to change the game. 
 
I can make you visualize shit in crystal clear vision: 
I'm syko, the S.killed Y.oung K.reative, O.rganism 
Make. My niggas feel free that got life in prison. 
I'M syko the S.killed Y.oung K.reative O.rganism 
Write a rhyme and make you revaluate how you livin, 
I'm syko the S.killed Y.oung K.reative, O.rganism, 
Brining heat to the street to simply burn the competition 
I'm syko, the S.killed Y.oung K.reative O.rganism 
 
Space-age brain wavez bring rain on yo Parade 
Da bomb waitin to detenate to set a bitch nigga straight 
Bein weak is not a trait 
That. I can find in my past 
Thrash and leave my enemies body ina, full body cast 
No need to ask 
The. Whole forcast is lookin shitty about my paperboy 
But. I can neva do the diddy 
Puttin it down for my city, 
Flamin it up leavin it scorchin 
Cause motherfuckas, don't wan na recognize seattle to portland 
So, I'm force to feed the nation, 
Savage hogg conversation 
Spent years, contemplatin 
Got a fan base, waitin 
For dis shit to Drop 
Ah hogg nigga in hip hop 
Versitile wit, so many stylez that I should open a lyrical workshop. 
So suckaz can practice to stray away from tha wack shit 
While on display on wide screen. My syko-cinematics 
Cauz'n havoc on a bitch niggas brain 
Critically, acclaimed 
Neva, put to shame. 
And walk this whole world insane 
 
