Sammy Sosa Lyrics
by World's Fair.


One day I be careless, next day I'm meticulous.
Cool calm and collected, on stage act ridiculous.
Y'all can't fly close to the sun, y'all end up like Icarus.
Y'all can't stand that solar power, my flow devours, shit it's a must.
I'm a gentleman, gets drunk and lose all social filters.
A vocal killer, going postal, knowing no one's iller.
You think I'm wavy, then I'm surfing on all surfaces.
I'm lurking through your nervous system, pinpointing your nervousness.
Can't stop the blood flow, oh, get a tourniquet.
No doctors, no herbalists, can stop me, being murderous.
Understand my purposes, no son of Sam, no Berkowitz.
I'm more Galactus, eating planets, uh-huh, Earth it is.
First up on my services, watch how hard I work for this.
Watch how hard they watching my pockets and all my purchases.
Maverick like I'm Dirk Nowitzki when I score, wanting more.
Might D.I.E. for sure, but it's worth the risk.

Cody B. Ware.
Split the arrow with the mind of a pharoah, double barrel.
Camaro, horse power, devour flowers in my Nike apparel.
Flow tighter than Carol's pussy, being modest a goddess.
Gin and tonics with Niki Stein, what a simple scene.
I'm scoring 40 over shorty, so they triple team.
Dino Bravo the bottle, distilled and triple beamed.
Now simple essential instrumentals must fit the team.
Bad for your mental like liquor, loving and nicotine.
So influential like nino on the carter, same old scene.
Though at the garden, buying Williams in New Orleans now.
Who you calling, we be balling like Steve Austin.
I'll afford your life on another night.

Nasty Nigel and Remy Banks.
I must admit I have a thing for women straight crying.
Mascara running down, they face while I'm straight dying, fucking laughing.
honey.
Considered myself upper class when I said, Match the money.
Threw up on shorty's shoulder.
Remy skyping all the way from Paris.

Big Mac until the third degree?
Still going to the same bars, still sporting that wire.
Better put it in your shoes like an old guard, singing like Jerry Rivera.

Nigel, Ruby, Rosa  Es pan con la sopa.
Quitate la ropa, enseñame tu chocha.
).
63 home runs.

