Santa Baby Lyrics
by Run.


It was December 24 on Hollis after the dark.
My man Santa saw a rabbi and gave the strangest remark.
He said that giving was his living and I had to take part.
So I grabbed a bag of goodies and I hopped up on his cart.
I laced the pockets of the poor and gave the hoodie a play.
Dropped some dollars up on Hollis and I went on my way.
I hear your jingle Mr. Kringle peep the single, my man.
So Santa hit a brotha off and come as quick as you can!

Santa Baby.
Just slip a Benzo under the tree for me.
A '98 convertible, light blue.
I'm looking for a fly guy, like you.
So hurry down the chimney tonight.

Now all Mase know.
When its eight twenty-four.
He be looking at the door for the ho ho ho.
Cause I know.
When there's a Christmas uptown.
Ain't no chimney for Santa to come down.

Now to me, PD I had a lot.
Appreciated everything that I got.
Though I used to take my pops.
Who ain't caught me shaking the box.
Cause I knew I couldn't wait till it turned 12 o'clock.

Snoop Doggy Dogg.
Cookies and Milk.
Satin and Silk.
I'm chillin' in the living room, wrapped in a quilt.
I'm waiting on this fat Red Suit wearing-comparing.
My gifts to my home boy next door to me.
A gift here, none there, but who cares.
My little sister needs a comb just to braid her nappy hair.
Bbut here we go again waiting on the enemy.
To slide down the chimney.
Look here, that ain't reality.

Salt &amp; Pepa.
Santa Baby, are you really real?
Chris Kringle.
Let me see you make my pockets jingle.
We need some jobs in the ghetto.
Too much gang banging where kids are playin.
I hear the church bells ringing.
On christmas eve.
I believe.
Jesus-calling me.
Forget the gifts and the shopping lists.
And the new kicks.
Your just falling for tricks.

It's the gritty-the grimy.
The low down, the shifty.
Yo Sticky, Christmas time in the city.
Late night, stars are bright.
We gettin rocked!
With the 50 St. Nicholas.
Start rippin this.

Its the Grinch who stole Christmas.
Climbin' down ya chimney.
Kids open up they gifts.
They all gonna be empty.
Just like mine was.
I hate to say it.
But if I wasn't a boy I wouldn't have had nothin' to play wit!

On December 25th I knew I wasn't getting jack.
When I saw Santa Claus on the corner buying crack.
I ran up on him with the  and asked him yo what's up with that?
He said there ain't no Christmas kid and I can't get him back.
Back in the days, Christmas was deep.
My moms put presents under the tree while I played sleep.
And peeped ha! Santa Claus never gave me nothin'.
Seen them mad faces, lying and frontin'.
So do some good to the ghetto, Mr. Chris Kringle.
Come and stay awhile, kick it with God's Angel.
Take and acknowledge my wisdom and understand.
That Santa Claus is a black man.
Word up.

