School Life Lyrics
by Uniq Mic.


Talking bout school, man school is crazy.
Talking bout school, I pay for school but school pays me.
Talking bout school, at times it makes me daisy.
Talking bout school, school is a comedy.

Well in primary, damn it, life was kind of simple.
By the time you was having lunch we was already out.
But life in secondary , damn it, man that's the issue.
And if you don't plan it right, you might just drop out.
Life is so hard like the adpose tissue.
Sometimes when you moving, you might think you passed a pig, but nah, he is.
human only that is too fat.
And some drink for peer pressure so they are down with one shot.
Some pips drink for peer tease a lot, you might think they got a stone heart.
And some so-called rappers, can only rap a door.
Some people can't node their head but you see them dancing on the V-Show.
Some pips came like saints but now they are out of control.

You didn't have to study to be number 1 in primary.
In secondary, you don't have to be a fan to face the music.
You don't have to be real, to face reality.
While you busy writing notes, somebody writing a lyric.
And while you busy studying, somebody be sleeping.
But when it comes to results, you might think they are mystic.
Coz the people dat were sleeping are not the ones dat weeping.
And yet they say good things come to those who work hard.
Yes I worked had but how come am still crying.
It's got me thinking that the one who said it was mad.
It comes to a point when students even stop trying.
Coz they work had but then in the end they are still sad.

Sometimes I lose myself coz at school I face a lot of pressure.
Getting crazy thoughts like maybe I should try trading my soul.
But I'm just a kid hoping that am on my way to glory.
But which where to choose, my peer give me a lot of pressure.
Telling me about girls, loosening my focus on my goals.
School is about making the right choice, don't wanna be sorry.
Coz we all want the job but we don't want the blowing.
Some people are intelligent but got traits of a fool.
Sometimes I feel like school is just a way of brainwashing.
Government comes out and tells me school is the tool.
So I'm having war with my self, I'm split in two.

