Screens R Fallin Lyrics
by Yungstar.


Crawlin' through the city Benz lit with Five screens ... 
Europeans, sticky greens 
Promethizine, that make me lean. It seems like a dream: 
Dressed clean with a pinky ring 
Hit the button wave, the trunk, my camcorder peepin' schemes, 
Blades chooppin', like karate, i done streched a mazarati 
Sippin drank and join my hottie screenz stalling wide body 
Swang through the subdivision screens fall Flex vision 
As. I ball for postion makin, a throwed decision 
On a mission expedition makin'em have a collision 
With lyrical ammunition, wreckin all competition, 
Screens fallin', when im crawlin' through the Tre down Dalton 
Lane stallin', shot callin', while the trunk be haulin' 
Ballin' out of control at 19 years old 
Give me the remote control. I seen this episode 
Game's throwed minds blowed when its time to hit the road 
Lil' James is the name I put the T in throwed ... .. 
 
Come out to play ridin' on 4's 
Turbo, graphics, 16, with split screens in da door 
Come out to play. Ridin' on 4's 
Stoppin', at a sto doors open and close 
Screens r fallin' down 
To da ground 
Like da rain, like da rain 
 
Watch out now da screens, ganna fall 
Watch them kay, isolated 20 inches ganna crawl, 
Screens fallin' down on a hot summer day. 
All da kids screamin FLEX, CAN YOU COME OUT TO PLAY. 
Everything is everything watchin' color TV's 
We roll blades, e600's 64 chevy's on knee's 
Televisions on da panel screens lit up like candels 
Satellites DVD's T Y P on each channel 
Fifth hangin' off da bumper blades slicin'. Like shredder 
8 screens in the van watchin 2 double headers 
Burnin' rubber, grippin' grain, shake da block switchin lanes 
, We beatin' down da block makin' resident's, complain, 
Swangin' wide bubble, eye screens, fallin' like rain 
Cars bouncin up and down. As I slide down, Main 
 
Come out to play come out, come out to play. Come out come out to 
Play come out, come out to play 
Come out to play ridin on 4's 
Turbo, graphic 16's, with split screens in da door 
Come out to play ridin on 4's 
Stoppin at a sto do's open and close 
Screens r fallin down to da Ground 
Like da rain, like da rain 
 
Marble red watch, ur head da screes ganna fall 
20 inches ganna crawl, known for vibratin' walls, 
Trunk shake scrape da plate down da 288 
TV sets Ricky Lake Moesha. My date 
2 Story with a Pond German Rott Home Alarm. 
Ak'S dat harm we ready to rip out arms and 
Tough chests with bullet proof, vests, 
Armed and dangerous, ready to kill 
One arm holdin' wheel, other hand. Grippin' steel 
Screens fall 2 X, 2 watchin' winnie the pooh 
Change da channel scooby doo trunk beatin' da screw 
Lil' Pooh nation wide. I got infinite pride 
My do's, be suicide, blades swirl and slide 
Wreck da scene hoes fiend ima, throwed young teen 
Creased up Dressed Clean in a marble machine, 
Turbo graphic 16's, with split screens in da, do 
Steady, pourin, 4's, do's, open and close 
 
Come put to Play ridin on 4's 
Turbo, graphic 16's, with split screens in da do's 
Come put to play ridin on 4's 
Stoppin at a sto do's open and close 
Screens r fallin down 
To da ground 
Like da rain, like da rain 
 
Like Warren G. I want it all screens fall when i crawl 
We Young. We hard Knockin Pictures Off Da Wall. 
Boom BOOM goes da trunk caues its a hard knock life for us 
20 inches leaving cars in da dust 
Its. A must screens drop as I skate real fast 
I. Be watchin' Tom 
