See Myself Lyrics
by Ty Infinite.


Man I want to kill myself, free myself.
I'm sick of this, I could never be myself.
You can't reach my shelf, well neither can I.
I can't even see myself, I can't even see myself.

When I look into the mirror I'm a bit blurry in the face.
So I wipe it down to make it clearer but no change.
Like you hit it on the dot.
Down to the cent in Walmart paying.
Like always left out.
Cause no one gives a fuck about what I'm saying.
Trying to speak a little louder, emphasize the vowels.
But my horses got no power.
Strike three? No that's a foul.
Next batter up but the oven don't work.
So the endpoint is worthless.
Cause all it does is burn shit.
It's absurd man, I'm over it.
And in truth I'm just a loner aloning it.
That realization hurts worse than a lower hit.
And yo, I'm thinking of slip-tight roping it.

If everyone really has a purpose, why the fuck am I here?
Can't think of a better way to word it, why the fuck am I here?
You can't answer it, it's not possible.
So take a moment to know that this all is illogical.
Anything and everything makes no sense.
No one has a reflection cause this world is so dense.
All this time spent trying to buy a fucking house.
But I'm still paying rent to this whole fucking town.

My standards are dull but my requirements are vivid.
I barely review any applications submitted.
Yeah, I just go with it height is to a midget.
Or a homeless person finding food in the trash, sifting.
All of us just fucking go with it, all clones.
Accept the life you live, you can't change shit, God knows.
Devil too, so which one has got hold, both.
Capital and underlined, bold.
Anger, depression, coexist in a shell.
In the same room where I'm commixing Heaven and Hell.
I fell into a bottomless black hole.
Until I created hope and escaped from the depths.
I rose like photosynthesis.
Then I wrote long sentences that make realistic images.
With metaphors and symbols and keep going.
Don't stop, you can only do better.
Perfect Hip-Hop right on down to every single letter.
It doesn't matter how long it takes or the difficulty.
Got rusty brakes, expired date but it isn't faulty.
And I'm late for the seminar, it's a minute far.
But I'm trying to save a waste of time.
Cause the price is freaking large.
And I'm bumping E rolling down the street.
Take it to the last drop trying to reach my destiny.
The best there'll ever be, I'ma be.
You don't believe? We will see.
Slap in the face to those who doubted me.
I'm in an egocentric predicament living it.
Of the mind I'm infinite.
It never quits, sickening.
Like I'm about to explode on some sadistic shit.
Those thoughts are on and off but stay in my business.
Seeming like I'm in denial I cry help.
Having a case of solipsism I lie still.
And contemplate on my life's wealth.
In high hopes that one day.
Maybe I can see myself.

