Self-Motivation Lyrics
by Quarta Quarta.


I'M doing everything i can just to motivate myself 
It's hard, so i always pray for God to help 
And. I trust in the Lord and not my own understanding 
Cause. My own understanding has got me crash landing. 
Like, 
I, don't know what to do 
And. It would be cool if i landed right next to you, 
With those pretty brown eyes and that beautiful smile 
I wouldn't mind. If i stayed right here for a while, 
You see 
Small things motivate my dreams, 
From support. I have to the friends i see 
It all orchestrates, to a melody 
That i listen to when i need some inspiring 
And, I'm grinding everyday for the world to know my cause 
It's worse when you worry'bout your doubts and your flaws 
As. I wonder if this is the way 
To myself i say: 
 
You have a dream. You better go catch, it 
Cause. Nobody else is going to do it for ya. 
You have a dream. You better go and catch it 
Cause. Nobody else is going to do it. For ya, 
Always pray. Always grind 
Things, you dream might be what you find 
Working hard just to make innovation 
All i need is self motivation. 
 
It's 2. Am i love nights like this. 
I can write forever, enticed by the pen. 
My life is Kingdom Hearts. What does that mean? 
That means i value memories more than material things, 
I. Thank God. For the times I told myself 
That only i can do this and nobody else 
So, i got out of my shell - started. Writing rhymes 
It's all paying off I'm getting better over time 
Negativity. I will never let it shroud 
Cause one day. I hope to make everybody proud. 
We have our share of doubts and our share of flaws 
So. We have to have twice as much faith in God. 
As time will pass so will life 
You will reminisce if you did wrong or right 
If. You never took a chance. You will never take flight 
And miss the whole view and a beautiful sight. 
 
I made this song to motivate myself 
But. I pray it motivates. Everybody else 
We can all relate to the times they hate 
People hate. When you make what they can't create 
And, I know 
There's, some people that want to see me fail. 
But they'll, never realize that my grind is off the rail 
Working. In my room, I'm just trying to shine 
It's easy to lose friends and easier to lose time. 
So. Whatever you dream, you just got to keep faith 
Work hard enough and you'll end up in that place. 
Cause people will doubt everything you believe 
If. You trust in the Lord homie you can achieve. 
I know it sounds hard, but you know it's not a lie. 
You can only succeed if you actually try 
With my black Half Cabs and my mind on the win 
I'm about to change the world with a dollar tree pen, 
 
