Self Mutilation(FT. Davinci McVeigh) Lyrics
by SykoCutter.

.
Slicin' my wrist, I wanna die in a ditch, I wish I don't exist, I wanna lie.
with the fish, and whenever the timing is quick, I'll be grinded to bits, then.
leave the rest of my remains stuffed in side of a fridge, my mind is just.
sick, I'm bout to stick a knife in my ribs, I'm likin', thinkin' murder death.
kill, poppin' percocet pills, never never been normal or ever had the urge to.
set still, cut my limbs off you should donate them to charidy, apparently, I.
need therapy, this is scarin' me, I wanna bite a grenade, and stuff it down.
inside of my face, I know I might be insane, but you should light me in.
flames, I'm dyin' fast, you can see the giant gash, inside side of my eye it's.
bad, with my knife attached, I want my spine to crack, as this whole amount of.
time has passed.
.
Self mutilation. I seen though the ages. But though the hard times I prevailed.
to the greatness. It made me the greatest. But you all thought I was crazy to.
take it.
.
When this grenades gonna spark, my bodie's mutilated apart, as it lays in the.
yard, wickedness has taken my heart, afraid of my shadow I'm afraid of the.
dark, you better listen to every word I say in these bars, my wig is split,.
the wickedness, and viciousness, is infinite, I'm insignificant, I'm.
dismemberin', at the end of this.
.
Self mutilation. I seen though the ages. But though the hard times I prevailed.
to the greatness. It made me the greatest. But you all thought I was crazy to.
take it.
.
Ruthless it's proven inflation...is place where your final trace face this.
incineration erase Pluto off our planet's nations....can it like 6 packs get.
smack mis match wit raps I spit crack to damage Jason With that I rip tracks.
and vanish masons...this knife I will slit back your neck hit splat and.
require lacin Fuck hospitalization if your tonsils get pulled until it pop i.
will drop your top like a low rider configuration Now my demonstrations is a.
process of bomb threats from terrorists inflicting terror on your inner.
concentration Ima winner of a product creation...control time as my soul fly I.
swing nunchucks like the matrix in own mind Lets librate..ima gorilla with.
killer traits...let my style escalate... invading your fucking state You.
stupid hating on my rapid regeneration....I have a twin in this mutant nation.
for this self multination.
.
