Self Sufficient Lyrics
by Visionaries.


Here's a little somethin' 'bout a MC like me.
Dropped Kozmonauts and Galleries independently.
Key-Kool, I likes to say.
That I'm a fresh lyricist from around the way.
Since I was a youth, a straight b-boy.
Now I'm takin' out all the sucker decoys.
Flippin' a rhyme or two, that's what the hell I do.
You don't like how I'm livin', well  you.
This is hip-hop and I'm in it.
My man Rhett will cut you up in a minute.
With a cut, stab, crab, flare so.
And then he claims his crew the Beat Junkies.
Everywhere we go they say.
Visionaries is  up the program.
And then you realize that we all care.
For those who just don't know we're throwin' V's in the air.
And keep makin' straight up.
Does it look like I have to make a hit?
To a major label that wanna sign me.
Rap ain't nothin' but a way to make money.
But I'm the type of MC that's built to last.
If you wanna pimp me I put my foot in your ass.
See, I don't give a  how many records you're sellin'.
Yo, what the  are they yellin?

Make money money, make money money money.
Make money money, make money money money.

-- D-Nice.
-- KRS-One.

-- Erick Sermon.

--Rakim.

Just like King Midas, as I was told.
In this rappin' Olympics fools are rushin' for gold.
With or without code, better change your mode.
Tryin' to be down with dough on the yellow brick road.
Wizard of Oz complexes goin' for the riches.
No heart, no brain, cowardly loss to the bitches.
Too weak to lead, so they're followin'.
Week-kneed MC's now only suck to swallowin'.
Fallin' in the trap of big money crap.
The only real big baller who started rappin' is Shaq.
They act large but it's evident.
You only make minimum percent unless you're the president.
I'm want self-empowerment, so others'll pay me rent.
And I can control my artistic intentions.
Make investments, count all my blessings.
See the Age of Aquarius in fifth dimensions.
Comprehension like Babu.
Dynamic like the Duo, it's.
the two you know.
Key-Kool and Rhettmatic always come well equipped.
And like a club in Manila we'll make your whole party Flip.

-- D-Nice.
-- KRS-One.

-- Erick Sermon.

--Rakim.

-- D-Nice.

