Sentenced to Phrase Lyrics
by Wordburglar.

It feels good - like a masseuse soothing the bruised spots.
To rock – like you saw Medusa in a loose bra.
“Ooo-rah!” What can I say I got that chutzpah.
While dudes falling off like glued straws on a Juice box.
Dude stop! Nah! How bout I do the exact opposite.
Stay building! Need a place for all the props I get.
While Haters frustrated like they can't get intercourse.

Hit the shores! We're on a mission to ensure.
That anyone living listening to this just isn't bored.
And tripping more than spliffs of magicians in Griffendor.
Opportunity knocks but I like kicking in different doors.
Skipping chores? I'll be telling your mother.
Take u out like the American spelling of colour.
Line for line you can never give my bars a pass.
Cause I make 'em all count like a kindergarten class.

Give it a second let it enter your brain.
Break it down and explain just what can it contain.
Til no question remains I keep refreshing the game.
With stylo like a Frenchman penning his name.
It's Wordburglar. Your defendant today.
Your honour, go ahead – send in the case.
How do I plead? I'm content with how I'm spending my days.
Guilty for life – and Sentenced to phrase.

Ready to spark to my last breath like a hoarder with match sets.
So my Rhymes will always exist like the past tense.
“That's dense!” Yeah, call Ian Hanamansing.
I'm outta the park – like being banned from camping.
Doing my damn thing since twelve or thirteen.
I'm the Wordburglar – you don't know what words mean.
Like Etymologists getting Fs in Colleges.
Before you rap? Might wanna check your knowledges.
You're getting stupid like how humans charge for water.
Drunk off the lyrics cause my jargon's lager.
Sgt Slaughter – my name is my job description.
And not quitting my position like a mob physician.
In it for life - with or without the thousands.
Cause my priority's only making dope albums.
So go grab ‘em and get down like a Talespin.
I got the best listeners – like a hearing aid salesman.

Give it a second let it enter your brain.
Break it down and explain just what can it contain.
Til no question remains I keep refreshing the game.
With stylo like a Frenchman penning his name.
It's Wordburglar. Your defendant today.
Your honour, go ahead – send in the case.
How do I plead? I'm content with how I'm spending my days.
Guilty for life – and Sentenced to phrase.

