Serendipity Lyrics
by Vladi Prince.


Beauty on point, no full stop.
All these chicks at the bottom, shawty be on top.
Please don't get me wrong.
Feelings so deep that I had to write a song.
My heart skipped a beat so it landed on this track.
Baby you the best, I don't care about the rest.
Damn! You the best I ever had.
Baby we can turn the had into have.
Reminiscing bout the time that I'd see you smile.
Such a cute smile, dimples so one of a kind.
Yeah, we can get together sometime.
You just walked into my life like a surprise.
Valentines couple, damn we through it.
I fell for you when I got the shot from cupid.
Girl let's do this shit one more time.
Knowing that you ain't mine, I can't sleep at night.

You the one, you the, you the one.
I can't feel these other chicks, girl you got me numb.
Only got eyes for you, they got E's on them.
If dem other niggas trip, throw the Prince on them.
High school; that's where we met.
Such a pretty lady that I know I should've kept.
I swear I love you to the bone.
I just hope that you make this song your ringtone.
God's gift, the best present ever.
Any other chick try to take your place? Never.
You and me, that's how it should be.
You are such a sweetheart, nothing like these groupies.
I wake up, same old thing.
Sleep with you one my mind, get the same old dream.
Of you. Vladizahn be the name.
You are heaven sent, I can never be the same.
Mrs. Right, am I your Mr. Right?
In the pool of love girl I'm swimming at the deeper side.
Overboard, that's where I am.
Could you pull me up? Girl I wanna be your man.
I'm a real nigga, my love for you is realer.
I can never let you go, please call me a keeper.
Angel eyes I dream of looking into.
Sleepless nights, the shit that I've bee through.

My girl think that I can ever love her.
But with you in my life, I can never love her.
No lie! You the most precious gift.
Making you my girl, the best thing I ever did.
Everytime I get a text, I hope it's you.
Everyday I'm dreaming of being next to you.
Yeah, you my own lil Princess.
I'm your Prince Charming, Cinderella kiss your ass.

