Seven Lyrics
by Tyler.


I'D tell him to eat a dick
quicker than Mexicans sprint over borders. 
I give a fuck like a quarter with 20 cent, 
At Hamptons with Fred Hampton
relaxing at Happy Camper 
It's, the fucking financial aid at Hamptons. Wasn'T relaxing I'm taxing
 
Fuck'em all !'s. What I'm chanting don't complain? I'M just ranting 
Fuck ranking I'm the best, I'm the champion's chariot 
I'm a liar like Carrey in _Liar Liar_ 
I'm dirtier than the sheets in the Marriott Cable guy, like Larry 
Peter Pan in my youth, fucking fairies 
I'm, using my tooth bait to get that bitches teeth. Paste 
Fuck it Odd Future. Some Nazis, 
black Nazis, don't copy 
We perfect! You sloppy hotter than Saki Takei 
Fuck a label on my jacket. 
Screw, you like a ratchet 
Screw. You like a black teen on Judge, Hatchett 
Hang with thrashers and jackers 
Drug dealers and crackers AP
students and slackers 
I'm backwards, like Jermaine Dupri, in'93 
Escaping from concentration camps with a fucking girl board and a ramp
 
That. I ordered from CCS with
some diamonds. That'S VVS 
Like! I went to Sierra Leone in
a homecoming, dress, 
With, some matching pink panties lipstick from my granny 
Sup on my hat, like that
motherfucker friendly 
White, red-headed bitch reminded me of Annie 
She dino, like my state of mind, so yeah. She understand me 
Fuck, You Bunch is here never
disrespect. My family 
That's for my little brother sister cousin and my auntie 
Wasted fucking youth, All you
old niggas antiques 
We go skate. Rape, sluts and
eat donuts from Randy 
Bitches like Tia, Landry
watching, Billy and Mandy 
Motherfuckers wan na be Odd, but you can't be 
Sit the fuck down all you old niggas stand me faggot, 
 
I, guess I got to be a fucking hand-me-down rapper 
From Los Angee area anytime. I'M fucking landing 
Fuck, 2DopeBoyz and NahRight 
shout out to Hype Track. 
Them motherfuckers could never get rid of me 
Guess. I got ta. Do a fucking song with Dom Kennedy. 
Get these fucking hip hop bloggers to start feeling me 
Because, I'm seventeen compose
my own beats 
Lyrically. I'M dope enough to ass-fuck the dude who made nicotine 
Maybe. I should buy some Hundreds wear some fucking skinny jeans, 
And, follow in your footsteps like a motherfucking millipede 
Centipede make songs about Gucci and ciggaweed 
Jerk with my freshmen, like it's some motherfucking little league 
No. I'M not no fucking hipster, mister 
No, I'm not no fucking Kid Cudi! All my fucking fans love me. 
Collaboration hits for fans screaming fuck buddies, yo, yo, 
, 
I'm, driving in a stolen truck 
and, I'm probably fucking, drunk 
Wasted as fuck can't walk it
out DJ Unk, 
My nose is filled with coke and my license is revoked .
 Who the
fuck told me not to spoke 
Fuck. Everybody here everybody vanished, I'm managed 
Hop off my dick and make a fucking sandwich. 
Everybody listening can suck my dick in Spanish 
Fuck. You faggot 
 
Yeah um, as you can probably tell from listening to this record. 
I was, I was probably angry, probably on my period. 
But um, I didn't mean to offend anyone. Alright, I'm lying OF
 
