SEXTVPES Lyrics
by Yung Trae.


Call some hoes moe. Call some hoes. Yeah 
Duct tape, your grandmother and that's on everything. 
Yeah 
 
Gold teeth, bad bitches. They mulatto 
Good, weed forty ounces and some tacos 
Shooting at the police skateboarding and eating pussy. 
Doing, coke fucking raw Blood gang that's law, 
Left hand on that steering wheel, texting hoes with my right hand, 
Shout out my nigga Von cause that nigga my right hand 
 
All. My bitches is nymphos all my niggas steal, Fords and Chevys 
My mama. Think I'm Makaveli. My swagger on that Fonzarelli 
I'm popping Percs for breakfast, I do coke for lunch, eat pussy for dinner. 
God bless this sinner ask 30th nigga, I'm a blessing 
Fuck around with my niggas I'll bicep, your armageddon, 
Bench press crack cocaine, the black version of Cobain, 
My old hoes, get gangbanged, I drive drunk but maintain 
If. My grandma knew she'd, probably cry 
My. New bitch is probably bi. If she let me fuck I'mma, make her cry: 
Manslingo on Greek hoes, 
That young, black ashy nigga, but I'm still tanning out Rio 
Swimming out in the deep end, 
I got so much weed. I'M surprised! I ain't a weed man. 
Gold rings. Tounuge ring machine guns under my couch 
I had a dream. I broke my legs and she didn't fuck. I still kicked her out 
Fucking around the East coast up and down smuggling drugs. 
Ratchet nigga, you fucking with us I'll kill your mom cause. You fucking with
thugs 
Black jacket with a lot of zippers phone dead cause, I'm sexting, hoes 
I swear. I think my shit don't stink. All these years. I ain't close. My nose. 
Ski mask break in your house, get a nigga for his flat screens, 
Sell that shit for 300 buy some new clothes and a new gun 
My lungs blacker than me nigga. I swear. I need a new one. 
My life is like too fun photo shoots and sex tapes 
All I eat is wet pussy, Oreos and purple grapes 
Drug money in my safe, but I stop trapping six months ago. 
Now all I'm focused on Music cause. These freak hoes is gon na come and go 
Y-N-W-V hoe Spilled Paint buy that shit, 
I swear to God, I'm high as shit dope, shit dope, shit 
After, this I'mma fuck a bitch to Marco's last album 
I said.. 
 
