She Loves Me Lyrics
by Unnamed.

We were dumb, didn't know what we were getting into.
I never knew what love was until I met you.
For over a year we were stuck together like glue.
If only I knew... If I only knew....

All I wanted was someone to be there for me.
And you were all I needed cause you actually cared for me.
After every argument, the damage you'd repair for me.
It's a shame that all I have now are memories.
We started getting worse.
I'd raise my voice and curse.
You'd run away in tears, begging me to put you in a hearse.
I would chase you through the rain.
Saying it won't happen again.
We both knew it was bullshit, but we had love in our veins.
You put me through some shit.
Fuck man, I put up with it.
All the guys you hung out with.
Wouldn't surprise me if you slipped.
Well shit, you probably did.
I think of all the guys who probably had their dip.
And that's why I had to dip.
I wasn't putting up with this.
I was running around after you, never anyone else.
You still told me I was cheating whenever the fuck you felt.
Had me coming to your yard at 6 AM everyday.
Just for you to fucking turn me away.
Call me a cheater, and scream in my face.
While I sit alone in pain.
Then you'd see me and turn the other way.
I'd try talking and you'd carry on and play.
This ignorance game, because to you it was fun.
Putting me down and making yourself number one.
Telling all your friends I don't care about you.
Bitch you never even had a clue.
You made me wanna die on a daily basis.
You pushed me to the point where we're in eachother's faces.
Because you knew the truth.
I didn't wanna be with you.
I would prefer to go bun a zoot than to flee with you.
I'd pop another bong before I become free with you.
Because you meant nothing to me, I just wanted the feeling.
So for that I apologize, cause I'm a fuckin' demon.
You won't even forgive me when I'm dreamin'.
Because you're no better, since day one you've been fucking fiendin'.
For the cock. After me, straight to the next guy.
And I did the same thing, I ain't gonna lie.
But we're different, this ain't gonna end in a tie.
Because you didn't care about him, you were done in two weeks.
The next guy didn't even get through the week.
I'm feeling sorry for you, but let's be honest, it is pretty peak.
While you're off with random guys, here sits me.
With a wonderful girl, who loves me.

Shit.
This girl, she ain't like the others.
She wants to be part of my life.
And she don't grab for the knife.
After every fucking fight.
And we don't even fucking fight.
And this shit gonna sound insane.
But every time I see her, all I hear in my brain.
Are the three words echoing again.
But I'm scared to say 'em.
I don't wanna kick-start the mayhem.
I might give my heart to this chick.
Let her know how I feel, but what if she's like the last bitch?
Is it worth the risk? Should I go through with this?
No matter what? When I'm with this girl I feel blitzed.
And I wanna take a few more hits.
I'm gonna make it work, I just hope this isn't a work.
As the night turns to day.
I stare in her face.
She awakes.
And she says.
I love you.

Man, I ain't never had a lady like that.
When it come to me, she ain't ever lazy like that.
Dig her nails in my back screaming baby! like that.
Puts up with me being crazy like that.
Man you gotta love that.

