She Go Lyrics
by ViZion.


Yea, yo.
Yea this is the life.
Straight up.
246.
Yo.

I ain't stepping out in cheap clothes.
I ain't messing with no cheap hoes.
Keep it popping like the Cliquot.
And she goes, wherever we go.

Chilling out in the sea player, living life in paradise.
With Ray Bans and a beach chair, and model chicks who love the life.
Bad bitches, never lie, I'm on the wave, call that the ride.
I'm coming in, just like the tide, I'm a Virgo, she's a Gemini.
And she said she we wanna roll, so I asked her the status.
And she told me that her boyfriend is on vacation.
Can she come and stay at the beach house down in Barbados.
We're living young, wild, half famous.
I'm on the golden coast, feeling like I just made it.
Like I put my hands into Hollywood's pavement.
When she's got no clothes, drop it low like basements.
This is my swaggering motivation.

Take her home and score just like a field goal.
Or like Figo, or like a free throw.
But you gotta keep it on the d-low.
And she go, wherever we go.
I'm sticking to the g-code.
Keeping it a hundred like a c-note.
Huh, oh yes, she know.
But she go, wherever we go.

She follow, I follow back, got a DM.
Picked me up in a BM, cause her pops is a GM.
No sleeping, till I got 3 M's, even on the weekend.
She chiefing, running the weekend well I'm scheming with my team and.
We screaming, fuck the law.
New girls, don't fuck with y'all.
Groupie girls, need less of y'all.
My pockets need more cholesterol.
Blowing up, blowing up.
Barbados, I throw it up.
Missed calls, don't answer phones.
But at my shows, she be showing up.
Next girl, I met her, remind me of my ex girl.
Said, all my tracks I'm going hard.
Coming off like pet fur.
Coming off, Victoria, Secrets.
I'm stroking ya, pool boy, I'm soaking ya.
She Eva Longoria.

Cruising on the south coast.
I got my L, I let that leaf blow.
Go to hell and fuck an ego.
Cause she goes, wherever we go.

I ain't give a fuck about em, got my team I'm good without em.
AR, till I die, it's AR, till I die in a coffin.
Coughing, blowing o's and we bossing.
Radio we be locking, big shit is popping.
And the little shit is stopping, stop it.
How they going stop rockets, I'm going up like a Martian.
I'm blowing up like a car bomb, Im burning up like it's arson, karma.
Comes around like a marble, so enemies I do pardon.
I'm weeding out my whole garden, cause jealousy is for assholes.
Plus I know there's nothing they can do about it, when they see us out to.
party.
'Til the morning, with these barbies, popping bottles, get retarded.
Shining like Illuminati but I'm not affiliated, so kill yourself like.
kamikaze, while we make it, yea.

Cruising on the south coast.
I got my L, I let that leaf blow.
Go to hell and fuck an ego.
Cause she goes, wherever we go.

