She's Free Lyrics
by Pure Freedom.

She'S Free

Standing 5'9, with stilettos on with my un-matching clothes. I don't see
nothing wrong

Kids, look at me and begin to smile with all innocents. They ain't seen in a
while

My lips are bright. My jeans are tight. I'M like a cartoon where the colors, are
shining and every

Word is rhyming. We don't really care about the time and we live purefree
with on hiding, we

Don't, believe in fussing and fighting. I love that fancy classy and
dining I'm

Considered, a black diamond and yes, I'm gon na keep on grinding and no matter
what. There will be no whining

She's free and I like it. Free, that's the way she is
She's free, rolling down Atlantic Ave, free and her lips are always blue

Im a Super Hero like Spiderman. My powers are in my lips, his is in his hand

Let me tell you and please don't get it wrong. If my blue lips touch you 
you'll, be gone in, a zone

I was born with a special uniqueness. Some call it weird some sort of
freakiness with my neatness and my cheekiness just tell the truth. You know
you need this

Im, not your average woman. No, I'm not the same. They say I'm different they
say, I'm strange

When. I enter a room. I relieve the pain, Im versatile. I live in many lanes

I use to try to fit in, but it did no good. So i choose to be me confident. I
Stood

I re birthed myself, it ain't plain to see ain't, no holding me back, cause
I'm……

She's free and I like it. Free, that's the way she is
She's free, rolling down Atlantic Ave, free and her lips are always blue

She's the kind of person everybody knows
She's, the confident August leo
She's, very Strong she hold her own
And. If you kiss her lips, your mind will be blown

And. I like yes, i like it. I like it the way she shave her hair
I, like it ooh and i like it

She's free and I like it. Free, that's the way she is
She's free driving down Atlantic Ave, free and her lips are always blue

Living. Purefree is the only wayyyyyyyyy
Living. Purefree is the only wayyyyyyyyy

She's free and I like it. Free, that's the way she is
She's free, rolling down Atlantic Ave, free and her lips are always blue.
 
