Shinjitsu Lyrics
by Xavier Wulf & Chris Travis.


Wulf: Yeaa mane,wassup mane.
Travis: Wassup nigga.
Wulf: Got that sack my nigga? Wassup bruh.
Travis: Throw some up bruh.
Wulf: This shit, this shit look good as a motherfucker bruh.
I can't even lie.

Now Imma only speak the truth cause that's what I do.
And you a lying nigga like you ain't got the proof.
I'm sitting down in a room you can't come into.
And I got blades on the wall, like a killin' fool.
You think you tough but, that's what everybody do.
Until a real nigga come through and create some tunes.
I got problems everywhere, but you ain't one fool.
You a lame nigga and I'd leave before I kill you too.
I ain't trying to be mean, but I'm telling you.
I get crazy mane, I swing on accidental.
Apologizing ain't really what I like to do.
I'm smoking weed just because that's what I gotta do.
I'm coming down with the eighth of my own shrooms.
They take my brain up out the box and out of the room.
Imma die one day, but I hope it ain't no time soon.
But when I do my nigga, Imma be high as the moon.
Bitch, Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaan.

Ahh, Travis.
Wake the fuck up nigga.
Wake ya motherfucking ass up nigga.
Why you sleep nigga, what's the reason you sleep?
Because you tired? Hm ?
Because  you feel you can't do anything else.
Chris-fucking-Travis don't get to comfortable.
Me I'm loving white hoes I call them bitches carnivores.
Bitch fuck you sayin' , I'm so motherfucking elegant.
Lemonade and codeine, my dinner time beverages.
Fuckin' preachers daughters who claim to celibate.
Legs heavy, gazing, I told ass  gonna let me in.
Going in raw, I hope her daddy don't be mad at me.
But I gotta pull, I ain't tryna see her family.
I always do it, look, take ya money gamblin'.
And I  call the dessert cramblin'.
Let me in ya house, I'm running threw that bitch ramblin'.
I don't even want to but, I gotta feed my family.
Always had a passion for this fucking rapping shit.
Million middle fingers to the millions that doubt me, Bitch.
Ion give a fuck nigga, I'm my own scout Bitch.
Imma do what I gotta do, to make it count Bitch.
And uh *sneezes* FUCK YOU, BITCH.

Kenshin: Damn mane, I just blessed the track.
I just sneezed on that bitch.

Ion give a fuck, Imma keep that shit on there cause I'm a real nigga.

Fuck nigga, Bitch nigga, Soft nigga.
Let's go.
Nigga I just blessed the mother fucking track heavily nigga.

Wulf: Kenshin! Damn why'd you do them like that nigga?

Kenshin: I don't give a fuck nigga, this is how Imma do it.
Imma do err'thang my mother fucking way nigga.
I don't give a fuck nigga suck my DI-OCKK.
Imma talk my shit nigga, You a bitch nigga.

