Shine Lyrics
by Uniq Mic.


They never thought I could make it.
But I did more than that, coz now I run it.
And now my name is being lighted up like a cigarette.
Think I'm lying? Then look at that billboard light.
I'm supposed to run this shit, nigga it is my birthright.
You just say it right, but then I walk it right.
Always dark with the thoughts like the devil, call me dark knight.
Gunfires everywhere, yeah you better dark right.
See me shine, see me shine, nigga don't you stop that.
Only minding my biz , don't care about the bomboclat.
Never wanted big money, but now it's in my pocket.
I keep on turning your girl on, just like the socket.
So don't you be surprised when you find her in my blanket.
It's never fair, I'm always winning, yet I don't have a cheat.
I'll still run this shit, even if you say it's a misfit.
But then the game denies you, from now on, nigga amma call you mr misfit.

They didn't believe me when I told'em I'd shine.
They didn't believe me when I told'em I'd shine.
They didn't believe me when I told'em I'd shine.
Told'em I'd shine, told'em I'd shine*2.

When I hit the stage I see children underage.
Screaming yeah*2 Chady you the best, yeah homie, you the best.
Come close boy amma teach you how to shine.
Rap doctor, welcome to my shrine.
In the music Industry I'm the last born.
Everywhere I go,I'm well known.
Guess what moth*rf*ck*r , I'm the true Hip Hop.
I'm the doc, I will medicate your Rap.
Ndimapanga zobalalika, but I'm getting the fame.
All the good girls, I'm attracting them.
I'm off weed, shavy riding high.
Your girl tryna touch me, coz you know I'm so fly.
Your girl by my side, she can't stop smiling.
Chady B, na mi still shining.
I told you amma be this, you couldn't believe me.
Now I made it, wanna be like ME!!!!

It's about time that I show you what I'm aiming for in life.
And actually, I'm just aiming for the life.
I got so many thoughts, they can't fit in Bill Gates' hard drive.
So give me space, coz in the fast lane is here I drive.
Keep the hip Hop throne, I'll have the Heavenly throne.
But then that's God's, so amma keep moving on.
Until I find one, that will be mine, and mine alone.
So amma keep on rising, keep on making.
Bits, keep on blazing, keep on representing.
Streets, Niggas getting OFF on top of their CHICKS, just to SEE ME as I pass.
through.
Keep on blazing, even when It's past 2.
During the night, that's why I'm never getting stage flight.
Coz I wanna make it right.
And hope the stage might, make me write.
Things so sick see yah niggas won't feel alright coz it's so contagious right.

Just an emcee, but now called the almighty.
So see me shine right, coz like the moonlight I will shine right/light.

They didn't believe me when I told'em I'd shine.
They didn't believe me when I told'em I'd shine.
They didn't believe me when I told'em I'd shine.
Told'em I'd shine, told'em I'd shine*4.

