Shock and Awe Lyrics
by Z-Trip.

I wonder what the future holds: 
This is the dawn of the new era. 
 
We the people who duck dive and weave 
Were led to believe that we're all naive 
Alienation of a radio TV movie nation, 
No patience in this land of patients, 
 
Out of sight, make that White House right 
And. You know what they doin' just ain't right, 
See, the world's growing hard to vision; 
When, you lost this world and your ass in a mission 
 
Apart from the Bin Laden they're worlds apart, 
Eighty percent of America's got passports 
Watch. The Patriot Act keep both camps back 
Lords of the pause and the contract 
 
No chance of why their seeds be dancin', 
Keep, draftin' yeah. I think they're passin' 
Draft law send the poor, the caskets 
In, the name of war, bastards 
 
Iraq yeah. That whole thing is whack, 
You, don't know. So what are you under a rock 
So? I rock shut the whole damn block 
No bird, no train, no dance soul, plane, 
 
This is the same thing. You'Re all used to playin' 
Same style as Saddam Hussein is insane 
Shock and awe. Let me explain: 
Me and Z-Trip is to rock it to your brain 
 
And. So I rock 
Rock rock on rock rock, on rock rock, on 
Shock shock on shock shock on shock shock on 
Shock and awe 
 
It ain't just rappers the world today, 
If you wanted to follow us yesterday. 
But very few cats got something to say: 
Kept back and stuck to them same old ways: 
 
Hate spendin' to pretendin' to be your friend, 
Making them a goddamn beer wagon, 
If, peaceful revolution, ain't possible 
Then, violent revolution is inevitable, 
, 
It's, suicidal to believe. I'M your American Idol 
If, you can't eat what the hell is entitled. 
Critics, don't give no credit to the lyrics 
Hypocrites conflicts beyond how to hear it. 
 
Goin' yeah to the gangsta because of the distance 
Pentagon is gettin' gone because what they spend 
And you babble on, because you invested in Babylon 
What happens when it's too far gone. 
 
Things are happening by no mistake. 
When, the walls, crumble and the earth shakes 
You may pledge allegiance to the goddamn states. 
God waits for no one. For God's sake, 
 
Then pray to God when they're preying on you, 
When you're, praying to God, they're playing with you 
Fight the power, the gin and juice 
In. Three years you're for the devil, get loose. 
 
So you wan na rock 
And. We wan na rock rock on rock rock on rock rock on 
Shock shock on shock shock on shock shock on 
Shock and awe shock and awe shock and awe 
Come on awestruck awestruck awestruck, 
 
Revolution for your mind, body and soul, 
Drownin' in the sea of the Big dope Saddam 
No past no future don't go on for a while. 
Ain'T gave them nothin' but robbed a child 
 
From substance, don't care for them up with style, 
Like, hip, hop's, loyalty or well, like wow 
Turned the game and made them a goddamn. Shame 
Hell with history: you don't even know my name, 
I ain't, the same thing that you all used to playin' 
I'm, that nonstop rock embedded to your brain 
, 
Chuck D, Public Enemy number, one 
Z-Trip got ya: awestruck, awestruck, awestruck, 
, 
Shock and awe shock and awe Shock and awe 
Shock and awe shock and awe shock and awe 
Rock it to your goddamn brain
 
