Shoot Cha In A Minute Lyrics
by X-Raided  (a.k.a. Nefarious).


And, you don't stop 
 
Going on a war path taking niggas out like it ain't shit, 
You can't cope when the X-Loc gone hit. 
A nigga got ta, be don't even try to be 
A. Friend of me. You just want a piece of me. 
I know what I see through my eyes: 
I see another brother living like street wise 
Making dollars like a dope man, 
Making money any way that a nigga can 
Taking your shit and selling drugs 
Getting drunk sagging Levis. Looking like a duck 
Hanging with my niggas at the spot, 
The spot's hot, so I'm looking out for cops 
And. I spotted one 
Told, my nigga Sicx to slap in the clip in the gun. 
Nine double M: the U-Z-I 
You ask: why cause a nigga ain't gon na die 
Like a sucker, I'm going out spraying 
Letting fools know: X-Raided ain't playing, 
A, murder, Yeah. I had something to do with it: 
Cause I'll shoot your punk ass in a minute, 
 
People. Always ask why I act this way. 
I say Cause: I'm a villain, like my homeboy Ren 
A straight lunatic, a little skitzo 
A male hoe, a motherfucking psycho 
Killing, punk niggas, like flies 
You piss me off and everybody dies 
X ain't, the one to be ludicrous. 
Any motherfucker that I wan na diss, I'm gon na diss. 
It might be you if you on the shit list, 
Instead of uncle, I'm a make. You say Triple: Six 
And make you suck four dicks 
In other words: you can get the duck sick 
And! You better! Do it good 
Choke this dick make me nut real, quick 
20 seconds like a motherfuck, it feels like a motherfuck 
So bitch suck 
It tastes like chocolate. That'S the nickname, 
Doggy style, I'm known to inflict pain, 
Making hoes feel real swell 
A nigga with a mind like mine, needs to go to Hell. 
Where else. Could a nigga go 
In heaven the motherfuckers, don't allow psychos 
Now. The book is closed. 
A fool like me: killed all them: hoes 
Cause I'll ... 
 
Sample Shoot a motherfucka in a minute 
 
The definition for skitzo 
Is, strictly killing any tough son of a bitch 
When. I say tough, I mean thinks he's tough 
I'm kind of fed up a nigga done had enough 
Of. This shit to last me a year or two 
What in the fuck is a nigga got ta do 
Nowadays to get his point across 
I. Don'T know I guess you got ta get tossed 
Like a salad. The ballad of a menace 
You could call this a 10 %. Diss 
You get pissed, but I don't give a fuck 
You wan na squab yo. Then what the fuck is up? 
 
