Show and Prove Lyrics
by Sweet Tee.

Right here is the place for you to get yours.
Those who can't, wait, pause.
Listen to the fly bassline and kick drum.
You can't hear it? Then throw a tantrum.
And to make sure ?
All the people in the place will know.
This music, listen to the way I choose it.
My talent, no, I'll never lose it.
See everyone applaud and get to it.
No one ever try to diss or boo it.
How could they anyway?
With me on the mic and my DJ on the cuts, hey.
She's sharp like a dart or cleaver.
DJs, I suggest you leave her.
Be, oh I see, I gotta make my move.
You wanna hang with us? Then show and prove.

You got ta show and prove.

Show and prove, I'll prove and show it.
Whenever Tee's on the mic, you know it's.
Got to be the moment that you were gonna.
See somethin' really spectacular.
I'm pure like a thoroughbred, faster than a stallion.
Bad in German, Swedish or Italian.
Cherish? the mic the way a kid with crayons.
I reach the ? soul like in a séance.
Paid to rock around the clock and knock your sock.
Hip hop down, until your ass drops.
This song is on so sing along.
When you think I'm out of breath I'll still be rockin' on.
You want a rhyme? I'ma feed you like a hog.
Devour the lines just like a dog.
I'm talkin' to you, so get with the groove.
What I'm ready to do is show and prove.

I'm gonna show and prove.

Get out my pad, I'm on a rampage.
Grab all your stuff, and clear the damn stage.
I sound stronger than a bottle of gin, straight.
Out the box, I'm packin' em in when.
I just snap it, just start rappin'.
Hear your beat tappin', hands start clappin'.
Now here's some more def grammar to relate to.
No punctuation needed, I'll.
go straight through.
Pack it up? hit you harder than a phaser.
My voice will tranq you, the beat will raise you.
Off the floor, off your chair, while you're there.
Raise your hair, I'll have you floatin' on it.
The S-W, double-E, double-T.
Pack 'em up to the balcony.
When the show starts, hear them yell for me.
Don't get frustrated if you can't see.
Don't need a telescope to tell this code?
Prosthetic?, forget it, just yell it's dope.
Cause it's due?, the beat is too smooth.
Can you swing with this? Then show and prove.

I wanna see you show and prove.
You got ta, got ta, got ta show and prove.
You gotta-gotta show and prove.

