Show'em What Crazy Is Lyrics
by The Undergods.


Come sit with me, I show you how I consistently.
Manifest multiplicity, lyrically if you can do the same let me see.
If you can then you are not my enemy.
And if can not then I must make you a better emcee.
Lets turn to page three we'll start there.
The contract says you gotta have a thousand bars to spare.
You think this type of Hip Hop is one dimensional but its not.
You don't understand what I gave you, you don't understand what you got.
I know you well though.
You think you can out rap me HELL NO.
Unknown till I step to the microphone.
Canibus turn this shit into a crisis zone.
Automatically the sharpest at it, this just practice.
Canibus/Keith Murray, I'm a shark he the savage.
Satellite rappers delight we battle for the mic.
In a condo bench pressing bags of brown rice.
The modern day 'Hip Hop Hooray'.
From Jacque Demolay spitting lyrics on top of the 808.
They used to call me a mental case.
But one day men will say he immigrated beyond Heaven's gate.

In a race to a billion bars what if you could get there first.
He had guns attached his guns where black.
Stuck heads to thumb tacks placed on a wall sized map.
This is not sorcery this is just a lyrical part of me.
My artistry please pardon me.
So I can watch satellites comb over the Earth.

From the Flora to the Fauna, slaughtered in absence of water.
Bis and Murray this is UnderGod horror.

Undergod horror, Show'em what crazy is.
Undergod horror, Show'em what crazy is.
Undergod horror, Show'em what crazy is.
Undergod horror, Show'em what crazy is.
It's a hard job but somebody got do it.
It's a hard job but somebody got do it.

Come sit with me Canibus and Keith Murray.
Ain't shit been this sick since the legalization of Christianity.
Mentally I explore universally there's no boxing me in.
I rock with Martin Luther-bility.
Me and Bis might be.
The two sickest scientist emcees probing the galaxy.
I know why you don't like me, I get love from your wifey.
I get dumb like E-40 might change my style hyphy.
Come dance with the stars and get bullet scars.
Fuck At&amp;t we got more bars.
Your attempts of deception can't deter our direction.
I demise your inner-chi like the state of perfection.
There's always something better so we keep perplexing.
With an exclamation point like texting with aggression.
Our manuscripts are sicker than Saddam.
We'll use his own blood to rewrite the Koran.
Canibus is right I'm a savage in the pursuit of Hip Hop happiness.
Killing the wackness.
So I enlist one of the grittiest emcees on the Planet Earth.
To help me with this shit.
It's a hard job but somebody gotta do it.
Your style is like the airport we run right through it.

Canibus.
Undergods will come in tomorrow.
Style bizero bizare bizaro.
Slipknot moshpit Hip Hop.
On your knees with your hands behind your back and your fingers interlocked.
gwop.
Canibus capsule come sit with me on my camel.
War of the Worlds, who wanna battle?

Keith Murray.
We spank niggas and they go tattle.
Intense like when Eminem and Canibus had a battle.
Omnipresent omnipotent insurmountable.
Malicious discrepancy of ridiculousness.
I roll with the animals like a zoologist.
Get facetious then make you pray like a mantis.
Your dogs be the mangiest rabiest.
Send them to the vets we'll put 'em to sleep, show 'em what crazy is.

UnderGod Horror, Show 'em what crazy is.
UnderGod Horror, Show 'em what crazy is.
UnderGod Horror, Show 'em what crazy is.
Show 'em what crazy is, show 'em what crazy is.
It's a Hard Job but somebody got do it.
Bis and Murray we run right through it.
It's a Hard Job but somebody got do it.
Bis and Murray we run right through it.

Tecca Nina they summon me, cause I lyrically gun emcees.
Got them biblically on his knees, when I deliberately hung his G's.
That's from these nuts, cause I constantly bleed puss, cheese fuck.
This seed must, live and breathe lust, it needs cuffs.
My heart is made of brimstone and Roscoe's chicken grease.
A sicken beast, kickin' street with hot flows ripping beats.
White people love it, they say my rock shows freaking neat.
Black people scared of me cause I pop those Desert E's.
Pigeon me raw, I'm here to lead y'all.
Til you free-fall, deep in this abyss and heat all.
You thinking that's scary, I feel like planning a murder.
As we targeting everyone off in my BlackBerry.
Except for Murray and Bis.
Gotta hurry and get the tools for you's fools and get to burying shit.
Snipe your ass then cook you, they wishin' my life won't last when.
I passed friend I'mma come back and hunt you as Michael Jackson.

