Show Dat Work Lyrics
by 5th Ward Weebie.


Ha,ha,oh,ha,oh,ha,ha,ha,ha,ha,ha,ha.
Ha,oh,oh,oh,ha,ha,ha,oh,ha,oh,oh,oh,oh.

You gotta shake it like a dog.
Show dat work.
You gotta wobble on the wall.
Show dat work.
You gotta take it all off.
Show dat work.
You gotta shake it like a.
You gotta shake it like a.
ha,ha,ha,ha.

Girl I wanna do you like a German Shepard.
Take you home and get you hot and hot and get you butt naked.
On the floor on the bed leg on the dresser.
Bend you out and wear you out on my own record.
Drop dat work, Take dat work, Throw dat work.
Do what you do show dat work.
I want dat cushion da pushing that got me looking.
Bet you if I get wit you I hit the bottom of the bushes.
So don't call me them other suckers trying to play me like that.
Cause I'll give you them couple dollars let my partner bite that.
And if you wana do it again with somebody else then I'll be right back.
And when we do it don't worry it's gone be somewhere where it's nice at.

Ha, Kane &amp; Abel baby, 5th Ward Weebie baby, Mystikal baby.
You gotta drop a little lower, drop a little lower.
Ha, check it,ha, come on.

It's lil Weebie ha he off the heezie ha.
Show dat work.

You took it off shorty.
Catching the wall taking it off, shaking it shorty.
Oooh lil mama lookin for Weebie and Mystikal.
And Kane &amp; Abel &amp; on the cable.
Gotcha twerkin and working on you grandma kitchen table.
Now drop a lil lower , pop a lil lower for me baby.
Do what you do for part 2 cousin don't try to play me.
Breaking it off for fifty popping in  city.
A million dollars gone holla keep em shaking in they parla.
Cause I know you like to go off and show off for Weebie.
Take it slow for P Town move over bend over easy.
Ooh baby like it when you jiggle and wobble.
Walking it like a model while you popping your bottle.
Cause I know you act a fool wit it went to school wit it.
Bring it round the world I like to see you move wit it.
Bout to boil like a fire coming out the Gizia.
Making em take it off while you shake it like a dog.

I wana see you girls wiggle it, strip wit it, jiggle it.
Bend it over bust a split show dem brauds who they wit.
Break Break a sweat wit it, get them draws wet wit it, get it.
I got to like it like a pit when I hit it.
Ooh bust a quick turn I gots to see you from the front know.
Back it up baby make em hot make em jump now.
Bounce for me oh give it to em raw now.
Twerk the bar work the floor now wobble some more.
Most Wanted on the mic yes I might go off.
Make it bounce, make it twerk, now shake it like a dog.
Now shake it for your boy let me see dat work you making my head hurt lifting.
up tha skirt.
Now let me see you drop down take it to the floor.
I love it here's a hundred baby show me some more.
Your outfit is skin tight messy chicks won't fight body looking just right.
girl it's on tonight.

Most wanted boys bout to make you wobble harder.
Make you shag down make you shake it for a quarter.
5th Ward Weebie bout to hit you wit dat work.
Bout to make you lift your skirt,.

Drop low wit it do the 5th ward wit it.
Now drop low wit it do the 5th ward wit it.
Do the 5th ward hustle , 5th ward hustle.
5th ward hustle , do the 5th ward hustle.
You gots to drop drop jiggy jiggy drop drop jiggy jiggy.

Do what you do.

