Cruising USA Lyrics
by Blanco.

We past ? AM, they dusting cocaine up their nose  .
That's a message if you're plotting  .
Yeah, I'm into finer things, I'm into buying things  .
I'm a gangster 'til I die cause I took the oath  .
And when I get it I'mma kick it in the door  .
But I'mma grind untill they throw me and that iron hole  .
  .
Smoking in the Bay so Jackie give me the K  .
But life is cheap so it'll cost you  .
And when I get out I'mma get it tenfold  .
Eating roasted crab out in ?  .
Summertime ride, gotta get that coupe  .
Unravel that pack of weight, twist 'em like a pita roll  .
I'mma sold my strip up, pick a bad bitch up and go blow some cheese  .
I know the feds want my iPhone  .
All I want is dope and weed  .
We got it cheap, 20 for the K now  .
Some motherfuckers tried to rob me now they in a ?  .
Dope prices for me to know, for you to buy  .
.
Shoot my niggas out to Vegas, let's go blow some cheese  .
I supply 'em, distrubute  .
And I put it on bold  .
Run up in the spot with the trey pound  .
And everything life has to offer  .
Motherfucker, you could lose that too  .
The hustling and the pimping hoes, man, that's all I do  .
As I get blowed smoking Keisha Cole  .
Funny thing, I was a jacker back in the day  .
Yeah, nigga you could lose that shoe  .
  .
My nigga, all I ever wanted was some dope and weed  .
That's how I play it, it's amazing where this game she took it  .
If you ain't got no money get your grind on  .
Spending money, having fun, so the time's flown  .
Roll the cookies up, show them niggas how the dons roll  .
Drinking ? 'till your minds blown  .
Colder than the ice up in my styrofoam  .
I got some skeletons in my closet  .
Try to open your eyes in a sandstorm  .
Told you that if your mans strong  .
Skimask on ?  .
The type it take to build a case and beat the shit for you  .
Got a clean '82 all blue  .
I don't give a damn if your man wrong  .
Tell Blanco, homie, go on the console  .
I'll shoot you and take your herb cause I need to smoke  .
Came for the money and the ice, if you play with you life  .
And I don't need diamonds to keep the shine on  .
Hoes gone play that hokey pokey up that sour dough  .
Everybody lay down  .
Conscious, ? my revolver  .
I got my ? on, Nike's on, feeling like I'm right at home  .
I got some hungry ass lawyers  .
.
And I don't mean just to so I can say that I'm a Cali king  .
? brew  .
Bills to the sky, gotta get this loot  .
That's like seeing ghost, loading guns and ? coke  .
She pop up that pussy as I sit back and smoking platinum kush  .
