Bust Shots Lyrics
by Wu Block.

My white tee is my tuxedo.
Pay attention, gun shots, fuck what you benching.
Belts on the track, Sheek and Ghostface.
36 different dialects, we call.
I'm a real OG tho', swag like James Bond and 'em.
It's Deck bitch, for those who question.
Method ManBlaow, bang, cuz.
On the wreck, though, these cowards never seen yard.
My Iron Fists, my platinum wrists.
GKCuz I write, and blast and slash your whole level.
I don't fall for petty talk I check the source.
Donnie had the wave voice, beeing blowed through the mic.
IDAnd make you bust shots in the air and scream yeah.
Sword slayer, dick slinger, I got the stroll.
Lava, fresh like the produce.
The definition of TRU TV, fuck SPIKE.
Presidential Rolex, coming out the.
Get back home, get head from American bunnies.
SLOr, try and learned it from the mental shit, son.
My cook up game is chemists, fuck my nemesis.
Like Serena on the serve, I swing hard.
From the car to the cargo on board Jet Blue.
Morphine flow, lean on the brass.
Produced by Frank Dukes.
Of an R&amp;B singer, Wu-Tang ruckus bringer.
Fly birds like Tyson do, had to switch.
I'm the realest Akeed that ever wet these blocks.

Shaolin, Stapleton, Bricks on Broad Street.
Seat back looking mean in a foreign object.
Over my face, now my face is what gets it popping.
Bomb threat, blow both your stanky legs off.
Big chains on my neck, my wrist is Clinton.
Deck spit.
Flex force with army arms, I lets off.
Fuck that, started off rocking a stocking.
Too black for BET, too wild for.

Sticking thorns in my pride like the Black Crowes.
And if your girl got my number, means I beat that pussy.
Three for twenty in Japan, with American money.
This shit here, niggas get the fiend nod.
section.

Main event, bad broads with ring card.
gold.
We be jammin', I grill on the track just like salmon.
projects.

Repping, there's no use testing, you know who stepped in.

I'm Supreme Cliente', rawer than sushi.
Bust the mack stroll, laughing at you assholes.
I can see your snake eyes without the crap roll.
Got the hood on smash, RZA leave it like that.
Head boss, you scavenge off what Deck toss.
IDAnd make you bust shots in the air and scream yeah.
Pretty Tone, I got you, fingers.
Bodies drop from the Liquid Swords, been making hits for years.
SLOr, try and learned it from the mental shit, son.
GKYeah, kid.
Cracking your dome for breakfast,.
Cops.
IDAnd make you bust shots in the air and scream yeah.
My homeland security, is up in the projects.
spot checks.
I don't play no games, baccarat or backgammon.
That's where niggas get chopped up like raw meat.
But I'm mad I ain't got no awards.
