Self Mutilation(FT. Davinci McVeigh) Lyrics
by SykoCutter.

concentration Ima winner of a product creation...control time as my soul fly I.
Slicin' my wrist, I wanna die in a ditch, I wish I don't exist, I wanna lie.





killer traits...let my style escalate... invading your fucking state You.
dismemberin', at the end of this.

and vanish masons...this knife I will slit back your neck hit splat and.
incineration erase Pluto off our planet's nations....can it like 6 packs get.
swing nunchucks like the matrix in own mind Lets librate..ima gorilla with.
take it.
stupid hating on my rapid regeneration....I have a twin in this mutant nation.
will drop your top like a low rider configuration Now my demonstrations is a.
process of bomb threats from terrorists inflicting terror on your inner.
smack mis match wit raps I spit crack to damage Jason With that I rip tracks.
need therapy, this is scarin' me, I wanna bite a grenade, and stuff it down.
bad, with my knife attached, I want my spine to crack, as this whole amount of.
flames, I'm dyin' fast, you can see the giant gash, inside side of my eye it's.
the wickedness, and viciousness, is infinite, I'm insignificant, I'm.
require lacin Fuck hospitalization if your tonsils get pulled until it pop i.
Ruthless it's proven inflation...is place where your final trace face this.
leave the rest of my remains stuffed in side of a fridge, my mind is just.
Self mutilation. I seen though the ages. But though the hard times I prevailed.
kill, poppin' percocet pills, never never been normal or ever had the urge to.
for this self multination.
dark, you better listen to every word I say in these bars, my wig is split,.
time has passed.
Self mutilation. I seen though the ages. But though the hard times I prevailed.
inside of my face, I know I might be insane, but you should light me in.
sick, I'm bout to stick a knife in my ribs, I'm likin', thinkin' murder death.
yard, wickedness has taken my heart, afraid of my shadow I'm afraid of the.
to the greatness. It made me the greatest. But you all thought I was crazy to.
with the fish, and whenever the timing is quick, I'll be grinded to bits, then.
take it.
set still, cut my limbs off you should donate them to charidy, apparently, I.
to the greatness. It made me the greatest. But you all thought I was crazy to.
When this grenades gonna spark, my bodie's mutilated apart, as it lays in the.
