Stella Lyrics
by Wu Block.

Hold on, yo, Sheek, what you gon' do? Cut her whole hand off?
My son is missing some racks, and Louch is fitting to snap.
I don't think that's wise at all, whatever honey do with her money, dog.
Aiyo, Tone, who this silly bitch trynna rob.
Got some explaining to do, hold up, I thought you knew me.

In Spain, sipping cherry Cosmo's and things.
So what you telling me? My account is off?
Since '90, '95, she came through, kid.
But the Pretty Toney baby ain't never lied before.
Wu-Block, you riding for mine, I'm riding for yours.
Whole team getting high, on phones.
She just turn 35, we in the spot on Martin Luther King Drive.
In the spot writing rhymes, never heard of a blog.
Shady? I been bagging up since 1980.
It ain't no mystery, your finger itchy, if she a groupie.
Why the fuck is every briefcase short by at least ten stacks.
So hard, stupid big stones from Miss.
And the crib is jig, Jennifer convertible love seat.
But it still don't change the job.
You take her head, I take all the jewelry from all these moolies.
Once you go up, once you go down, let's keep it Gucci.
Be out in Virginia and DC, before she come see me.
Rob me? That's how we do? You pretty slick muthafucka.
Matter fact, you gon' suck this dick, how bout that for a change.
We learned different codes of pig Latin.
I know her history, if something fishy, must be the coochie.
That's a hundred lucci, word to Bully, I smoke too many loosies.
I know that's your home girl, but fuck it, on GP.
It's survival, homey, you ain't never lied, my lord.
You getting bread in the trap, why get in bed with them rats.
Stella, finish the glass, showing niggas her rings.

You pop up with a new Jag', with a bad system.
Give me the word and I go empty his fluid.
Get all your goonies, and we can meet up for Call of Duty.
Or we can get the gat taping so the ho can't talk.
We had a mil' in each bag, there's eighty grand missing.
Ain't nothing funny like Paul Mooney, this fatal beauty.
She need to come up with answers, instead of fixing her mack.
I done sent your ass to Hawaii and Waikiki.
I saved up for this shit, you playing me like a hostage.
Out of all people, I wheeled you around, when you got shot.
That's worth forty G's from Madrid.
She said ‘Starkey, you violating me, stop it'.

Let me see what's really on your brain.
Put a pillow over her face, and let the four bang off?
Just to think of those towns alone, we brought a big steak.
And I don't like her brother, either, he probably put her up to it.
Better than that, we know the cheddar was tapped.
Me and Ghost been tight, since Fred met Grady, lady.
That's not my problem, why is it yours?
Before we get the whole story cut this whole thing short.
If you did it, we gon' bury you with it, and that's that.

I'm ready, put this hammer in her face in 3D.
Niggas been getting money, since pushing a Saeb.
Oh you must really motherfucking think we that damn soft.
Stella ear.
You must think I'm a sucker.
Two million in six weeks, cover six space.
I said bitch, I ain't impressed with that.
Be the closest one too you, and may I rot.
Stay dip, cute bitch out in Delaware, moving our bricks.
In hell, yo Starks, chill, I don't think she that stupid.
When your man needed bail, you'll come see me.
Makeup, just give the facts, straight up, and just the facts.
That's the motto if you talking bout homicide, my lord.
Is it that coincidental? That the same rental.
So the jakes don't follow our trail with sick patterns.
