Quilly Lyrics
by Quilly.

I should do it to her friends out of spite.
You be rappin' bout foreigns, I be bringing them through.
I at an all you can eat so I can eat nomore.
I'm at Felipes watching Mr. Chow grill my steak.
I gotta private school my son cuz I ain't go to school.
Yeah I know, you still gon' hate.

She had a man, now she single so we fuckin' again.
I miss Dirt Bike Rell, he was nice on bikes.
I book money up, fuck it up, tuck it again.
And then I turned my Rolex into Times Square.
She gave me top, I ain't even bite.

work in ya mean. Quilly 2 you already know what it is. OnDek Entertainment.
I'm at the dealership dropping all change.
I'm tired of killin clubs, got me burned out.
I turned my first down into a Moncler.

You gettin' money, but you told like Alpo.
You already know what it is man. Keep sleeping.

I'm from the streets, I used to sleep in my minivan.
Got tired of losing, I'm living life as a winner.
Smokers call me Q, yeah that's my trap name.
Right now we ain't even gone talk about who the hottest. We just gon' put that.
I been wavy since niggas was on minute plans.
I came up from the seven like a crack game.
You keep talkin' about times is hard.
I turned the flame up, baking soda, ice in the pot.
Wake the game up. Quilly 2 nigga. What it do, uhh, uh.
I change clothes like flows never stuck in the trend.
Quill so great.

I spent nights on the corner, came back wit a watch.
Nigga all the hoes want Quilly.
One night with the gang, now she turned out.
My hoodie cashmere I'm cut from a different cloth.
Yeah, flow is silly.
Take a trip to Miami when it's cold in Philly.

No picks, a bad bitch can get the curve ball.
I used to scramble over beans then the racks came.
Knock a bird off and then burn down birds off.
My brother drink purple, no sprite.
When I was locked up, bitches ain't write no kites.
Why these rappers keep talkin' bout they next up?
I rest when I rest in peace I don't sleep nomore.

What the fuck you snitch for when you know the rules?
Uh shit goofy, my Rolli' like Disney Land.
She know me by my government and rap name.
If it's beef imma let the 40' cal go.
I'm on another level, you still sittin' on steps.
I look better dressed down when you dressed up.
Bring me more mussels I go heavy on the sauce.
I spit crack no baggies all caps for this.

Boots string hangin' round the Mac 11.
Hang around bum niggas, you gone be off.
Horses in the four-door, it ain't Ralph tho.
One of closest friends told we don't speak nomore.
33 shots in the 57.
Rest In Peace my nigga Bleak he was killin' em too.
You can have the Projects I just hopped off a private jet.

I've been faithful to the money, I don't cheat nomore.
Got tired of oodles and noodles, chicken for dinner.
It's OnDek, you need a G5 to catch up.
Uh, Just left Barney's, call freak for a fresh cut.
These youngins' going broke tryna buy Balmain.
You can make time easy go grind some hard.
First they hate me then they love me again.

But Imma make a few Mil' rather you like it or not.
Whippin' grams you only wavy on Instagram.
I hang around king pings, Imma be a boss.
They tried to lock me in the cell, put my life in the box.
I used to shoot the 38 until the mack came.
They know me in Ruth's Chris, you a beginner.
Show money just to think I used to trap for this.

These niggas runnin 'round tellin, playin' rat games.
Red bottoms with the spikes.
Hop out the Bentley, hop in the sprinter.
