Let's Get Money Lyrics
by Bad Lucc.

 my skin, it's in my blood, it's in my nature  .
 nigga feelin' so froze  .
And stayed reppin' my hood, she lookin' fine  .
All my gangsters let's get work  .
Keep a strap and fuck a hater  .
I'm a 10-6 hot boy, jump the line  .
Got a itchin' for this meal, keep on flossin' fuck a deal  .
My  nigga, I done pushed the line  .
Got an  living room, about 120 whips  .
  .
Me and my nigga Tony P off an eighth right now  .
Gone break it down, show me where it's at boy  .
 city nigga but the cookin' nine  .
Is you buyin' or sellin'? Boy make your mind up  .
Talk about a murder when you mention me  .
Keep it bangin', let's get with it  .
Let's get this money  .
.
 she sex ho, real G and we next ho  .
Niggas wanna hang and slang, you better bang the thag  .
Still livin' like a motherfuckin' jack boy  .
If you scared then go to church  .
Icy fresh on that neck ho, and this .223 make a mess ho  .
Still livin' like a motherfuckin' dope dealer  .
All my life I've been strugglin' with this paper  .
I'm bout the bullshit, I push the V  .
Big Dog with it got K right now  .
I put an I don't give a fuck nigga next to you  .
East side nigga fresh up out the G, insane Vice Lord 53  .
You niggas ain't eatin' better check your food  .
 vet, I was made as steel  .
A penitentiary next place you wind up, I know  .
And  suck her down for the look in her  .
All this grindin', all this money, gotta get it  .
disrespect  .
Bawk bawk bawk, you get first  .
Cluck heads bout to line up  .
.
And guarantee that every nigga my sex straight  .
Tryna hit a lick then bright lights behind us  .
 says you lookin' for me  .
Mercenary with it, I was paid to kill  .
I get mine up out the field, let's get money  .
Take the P and I break it down  .
Momma knew that since a baby she was gone bury me a gangster  .
I was raised in the hood, I come from that  .
Then I break you in two, put you next to you  .
Thug till my death date  .
Carolina park king, mother fuck a rap dream  .
 niggas do you bad with your monkey ass  .
Plan dance on 'em, bustin' head in a VIP  .
Got a pack of the girl, I'm gonna go get her  .
Kush in the plane, I'm gonna set the mood  .
Niggas they be slippin' and trippin' fuckin' the grind up  .
In the dope house finna cook a nine up  .
Just a kush weed fiend with a triple beam dream  .
Ready to kidnap your kinfolk, you don't really want these problems  .
  .
 suckin' for the fam I trip  .
Motherfuckers better moderate cause I go retarded, never tolerate no.
Finna put her on a motherfuckin' sex tape with my niggas  .
Bad luck come by, fuck the time  .
Me and my bros we about them chips  .
If it's hustlin' then I'm with it  .
We takin' trips out of town, got your bitch bustin' down  .
Gangster Gibbs ho, I live for these bitches, dopin' these dollars  .
Wonder how a nigga stay feelin' on hoes  .
Won't sell shit if it make it round  .
Choppin' paper  .
If I'm in it then I'm ridin', if I'm bussin', see you later  .
I got the yop-yop on deck, GPs, VVS on my neck  .
 with it, I'mma juk in the field  .
  .
