Connie Hawkins Lyrics
by Unorthodocks.

Not with the hammers man, strictly with the stanzas dude.
Goddamn, who planned to let this damn bonanza through?
You ain't got shit to say then you should feel embarrassed talking.
Carrying loot and I don't got a care in the world.
But there's no holds barred on what I share in the booth.
Might end a warrior's career like Xanadu.
you xannying crews.
Got the heat up on my shoulder, in the valley moving boulders.
Jay Electronica.
I'ma act a fool and break your backboard; Darrel Dawkins.
While I still fall short of hood rich by a grand or two.
Ain't zany, just insanely samey, now pay me my dues.
My style's unorthodox, like the way Marion shoot.

I got a bag of agriculture as I watch a band of vultures.
Idiots invite ignorance in and glare at the truth.
My Cold Vein made me sleep unwell as an infant.
Can't expand hand to hand so what a man to do?
When no man's with your plan when you ran it through.
feel the enviroment that you in isn't conducive to what you're trying to.

Never rest like the Middle East and she don't care if it's plural.
Anybody that does any kind of music or art or something, you kinda-if you.
Til I'm in that fire city ring of honor; Connie Hawkins.
When I slay these rap tracks caps and craniums ooze.

Drag my culture through the desert picking meat up off the soldier.
I'm iller than a Palestinian-Israeli dispute.

I was limping through high school but I guess that went away.
Couldn't find iller animals in Iranian zoos.
I'm iller than militaries killing and burring youths.
achieve-you know or make, y'knowmsay'n-you... you leave.
I got my 'rents rent to pay, they got a brand new Sub'.
Inhaling uranium daily til it's scaly and blue.
They say it's colder at night but I can't tell the difference.
Gonna break off a little piece that I can share with my girl.
Any beat you hear the kid getting on, he's rocking.

Implanted with adamantium,.
I got a GED for everything I never meant to say.
And I ain't sharing the trees if we ain't sharing the roots.
