Crack Spot Stories Lyrics
by Wu Block.

Jadakiss.
, light that) That's that super black, nigga.
I'm on the iPhone, leg.
Raekwon.
back, examining choices.
{Martin is on, right now, Martin on}  {We need new batteries for that.
Let 'em smoke a rock with cake on they head in the gate.
To Allah be the glory.

{Aiyo, turn that tv up}.
Ghostface Killah.
boating, yo.
Shorty more razors and bring out the four aces.
Bagging crack, sitting in the kitchen, wearing my mask.
Matter fact, hand me the phone I'm bout to order Casper's.
Past the Phillie, wash.
Shorty, give me a ginger ale and dutch masters.
She fucking with robbers, don't wanna hear her pussy sore like Tasha's, this.
White Katie and Rhonda, Stacey and Shaniqua.
For fun, shove a Suzy Q in they face.
No feds, just Kevin Tighe or west watching.
But set up for to the first of the thirty first, disperse, yeah.
that}.
Sitting on the couch, I'm just trynna do the match.
The flame broilers jump out, one to your first beer.
He dancing around the stove, Starks chilling in his rob.
In the barn, number seven,.
helicopter waiting, we.
We like 'take it',.
Who give a fuck, I'm Larenz Tate on 'em.

Robe on, tailored made in Italy, new Gucci denim.
So take that, over there.
Pyrex boys fronting in Rolls Royce's.
hugging my neck, yo, Kiss, yo, Rae.
Crack spot stories, he put a kilo in the pan.
Raekwon  {Ghostface Killah}.
{Yeah}.
Turkey sandwich, barbecue chips, ESPN.
Henny bottles everywhere, smelling like 'yac.

Sheek Louch.

Beef, what, bring me a burger, ya.
This for the hallways, the long days, me and my whore, bagging up.
We got the trays up in 6E, that's usually where the God be.
Young niggas getting it, everybody G'd up.
Yeah, yeah  What is it, nigga? {Let me get a sip of.
Faggots did a dime, niggas too weak.
My hard knock life, I could of wrote that for Hov'.
remote, though}.
Everything, everything, just stay out of max clear.

Bagging up at the table, while we chit chat.
Tell that yellow bitch I got next.
Yeah, cocaine, weed and forties.
I was about to break his hand until it came back tan.
That's when I was a shorty, crack spot stories.
Sit back, laughing with a stack and a clapper.
No police or none of that, that's how it is in our spot, yeah.
is Starkers.
Two types of coke, we in.
Give me fifty push ups, give ya'll a little piece.
Me, Kay and J-Bop, Cali J, and Rod Lee.
She got ten polo shirts, all she asking for is half.
A good hand chemist in twenty minutes, cake up and finish.
the bathroom, voting.

She spray up everything, we paying Pataki.
Bread clocking, all night, the heads knocking.
Other niggas only made sales when we read up.
Drug house with no work there, the worst fear is never the thirst, yea.
your hands 'fore you hit that.
Motorola flip, burn out in the beeper.
One slipper on, Brookstone, cushion.
He might die with a stem on him.
Gangstas to the death of it, humbling villains.
Today was a good day, no one got shot.
Fiends at the door, I'm too lazy to let 'em in.
Crumbs hitting the floor, fiends clicking they bic lighters.
With Garfield eyeballs, pulling them all nighters.
