Rendezvous Lyrics
by NuLOVE.

Bumping tunes that a nigga in the 80's would.

But really we just sit-in protesting like Martin Luther.
Well at least for today, so why won't you....
Scholarships holding out like them girlies in your route.

Now Imma burn this L and see just how I feel.
Preppy white girls that only styling in designer shit.
I'm just a nigga that's tryna see the finer shit.
Or like them wifie's on your phone who want to know your where-abouts.
We could blow  a zone if you say we should.
Even if you learned your lesson you can tell him burn in hell.
We ain't got a pot to piss in we shit out of luck.
Tryna have a nigga's son while I'm sitting on the sun throwing ones.

Sag my fucking pants looking for something promiscuous.
But if you acting cool, then why won't you....
We them niggas in the back like we forgot about Rosa Parks.
The very same bitches tryna flirt, giving birth to the babies.
Be jockin' on minorities they parents say what kind of shit is that?
And they don't tell me anything unless its positive.
You might understand but you don't stand in this ignorance.
He said turn on the television tell me what you see.
Punching bullies in the mouth whenever shit was started.
Go on tour with no sponsor shit.

Either way they making millions they don't care 'bout us.
Just one of the little lessons that my dad had taught me.
Noah's arch couldn't save these hoes.
I'd prefer you kick that nigga to the curb, he deserve it, well.

Of these niggas doing dirt behind they back how absurd.
Bragging how you hittin licks, prolly on a lollipop.
Even Bonita Applebums rolling thumbs be the ones.
not.
You on that bullshit like Scottie Pippen.
I got a vision of topless women in saunas dripping.
I knew I had no reason to be scared of anybody.
I was that young nigga, in Kindergarten.
The day is good, the day is good.
Time to teach your ass a lesson, class in session, why won't you....
These the visions of a nigga fresh out of adolescence.
Come and ride with a nigga in the neighborhood.
Watch the crowd throw they hands like some tattle tails.
But just forget about the problems and the violence too.
I tell her leave your ass at home if you about to have an attitude.
Dirty politicians hollering and arguing.
My flow is art cause they saying so, its pretty sad.
This that buy a new crib for your momma shit.
I'm prolly tripping off marijuana hitting, Am I wrong for this shit? Prolly.
