Hearts Up Lyrics
by NuLOVE.

Ride around the town in this broken down Mercury.
Damn I'm in my zone, getting gone call that burglary.
What you think is the reason that we putting in overtime.


You can't change the ghetto the ghetto will change you.
You soft niggas grippin' iron, I'm seeing the irony.
You niggas out here in these fucking streets.
Thats what it is.
You know you ain't perfect but shit you're like that on purpose.
I'm feeling super.
You tryna get a taste of fame I want my name stained gold.
Let me talk about something that's important to you.
Cause geez, these H-O-E-S really be eyeing me.
Doing dumb numbers on you I need a tutor.
Next day seen your dumbass in the back of a squad car.
Who up this late? I was prolly a mistake.
Throw your mother fucking hearts up in the sky if you can feel it.

Stare into the eyes of a nigga on the come up.
If you knew this life you would've committed suicide.
Naw my nigga you just ruining your life and shit.
But Imma let it be cause I ain't the one to preach.
All my niggas and the females I wanna see you all.
Throw your hearts up in the sky if you can feel it.
Like a white man change suits? And your chain hang low.
Boycott,  nuLOVE.
Be a witness to my story, I'm a victim to the glory.
You had your third eye closed well its finally time to see.
Throw your mother fucking hearts up in the sky if you can feel it.
Throw your hearts up in the sky if you can feel it.
Oh but I forgot you really 'bout that life and shit.
But to you most of them do, in which I agree.
If she ain't cool with nuLOVE, I throw the two up.
For all my niggas that won't live to see their forties.
And you don't call women hoes unless they fucking deserve it.
Girl just have some courtesy like  who am I?
If you knew this life you would've committed suicide.
Now Imma empty outta forty.
Girly I'll blow your mind, surely we on the grind.
Spending every nickel and dime like fuck a future..
Sexual display pelvic thrust her hips brake.
You ever play a game of cards and your hand change suits.
Have you ever witness angels and demons in the same room.
You selling weed that's the reason why your Jordan's are new.
You would've committed suicide.
And that girl about to blow like Kurt Cobaines brains go?
Thats what it is.
Don't keep it on the DL, my shit is up for DL.
Your status said that you ball hard.
