Heads Or Tails Lyrics
by Unorthodocks.

atomic artist; keep articles laced.
Articles crawl across headlines, cross hairs are placed.
Conspiracy theorists hear this and start rewinding.
A kid to hold me down when I'm out of town, OT.
Peel a Dutchie with my finger tips, a singer's lips clinging.
Sick of scnicklefritz nickel trips, he dips at the sixth inning.
Even homies on my dick for the way I'm saying bars lately.
So I reside wherever my cadence land; Radiant vagabond.

supporting nation.
But she won't really give a fuck if my record is on the shelf.
I promised my Momma that I'd take it easy on the L's.
Docks for President.
My style's unorthodox like Shawn Marion jumpers.
Playing Russian Roulette with a double-barrel shot gun.
The pen does Arian numbers when it's running amuck.
Like twenty bucks for stogies, stuck living off of hoagies.
I'm hazardous to your health, I'm spazzing and it's for delf.
Couple plane tickets, some sticky when we kick it.
Excitedly pacing in grape, emerald J's with ivory lacing.
On the face of the menace but a Moss-burg on your waist....
I hang with wifey and chronic growers, sonic harvesters.
Juggling hobbies so I obviously had to drop one.
Your ass isn't in it's element, tell 'em that it's in hell.
Vibrant coordination,.

These 2016 Hillary Rodhams rotting your brain.
But I'm seventeen now and I said that when I was twelve.
Rolling with a quarter-p without a gun in the seats.
I'm proud of a hell of alot of what I've done in the streets.
Homeless, not brainless, never new a painless meal.
Never stretching, keep it raw and pure; that's why A&amp;R's hate me.

whore supporting, war.

Rogue homies roam aimless, toting chrome and stainless steel.
Carve cartilage and make Scarborough tomorrow.
In a self important,.
Shotty with shorty pushing pounds probably smuggled here in bodies.
Stuck at rock bottom like '03 Saddam Hussein.
Boss hogging it cross country, what could the cost run me?
Rainless land where white man let red blood stain his hands.
violent subordination.
Not so much of times I wish I had a double barrel shotty.

This is a felon selling melodies staying out of a cell.
Leave chams and muscle spasms bedazzled above your belt.
Hardest demonic flowers,.
But a Moss-burg on your waist... Check it....
I bring in a grip slinging and dip when the flip's ringing.
Equipped with a wicked wit we'd equate to a whip stinging.
I keep my record clean and don't make an example of myself.
Tryna find a line about the diamond in my army lining.
Erase entire auras and leave particles your place.

Heads or tails.
