Coco Remix Lyrics
by HV Gutter.

HV Gutter.. Nigga I don't snort that Yolo.. I'm in love with that.
Tyrese I beat that pussy up like Ali but I need one that look like Taraji, Who.
Smoking, gas she throwing, ass she gon let me hit wit no shoulder, pads,.
I'm in love with that smoke though... don't act like you don't know hoe....
she always tryna kick it I guess that could make me her sensei The fam go eat.
it over, Balling hard, in the O I feel like Mariota.. Twist it with the hash.
Bass in the trunk, shaking em up I had leftover pussy I ate it for lunch,.
though.. Smoke them papers bet yo hoe know who I be.
we gon need like 10 plates niggas bite styles so I switch my template Wait,.
yeah... man you niggas gotta try harder... bitch....
in the dirt where you laying, Know that I roll hella herb in a plane takeover.
keep producing, Gotta problem I'm that solution don't fuck with hoes who try.
then sell the collage I'm working so hard that's V.. take it over we gon take.

mad, lace em with swag I feel like it's twitter I stay with the hash, Tag team.

need a O bro.. Fuck a blunt I need a cone bro.. I'm in love with the smoke.
pop that pussy like a Ollie, if you got ass that's all that I need, I'm.
smoke though.. I got it for the Lolo.. Im in love with that smoke though...
Planes over blunts, niggas can hate if they want, but it's okay if don't, I'm.

HV Gutter .. I don't snort that Yolo.. I'm in love with that smoke.

the game that's part of the plan, hey, Been on my Job I been on them Raws,.
her friend with the ass, fuck till the morning then order the steak with the.
here with a bunch of them hoes who suck I got that bitch off of the pole for.
breaking down weed, Fuck what you mean, fuck what you saying, fuck with squad.
like Sony, Carry my team bitch I feel like I'm Kobe, but it's 01 and we going.
eggs You niggas ain't yet on my level, still gotta pedal up this hill forever,.
lolo.. I'm in love with that smoke though....
Fuck a 7 need a O bro.. Fuck a blunt I need a cone bro.. I got it for the.
acting bougie God damn it yo bitch, want me Ima gon leave her leaking I feel.
HV Gutter Yeah I go by HV, dark shades I can't see, shades dark as.
once A married bitch a terrorist he call her so much that her phone blow up,.
Going, deep, I feel like, Dez, Bryant, when she, throw that, ass I'm making em.

GFE we gon be up here for ever, niggas wanna stop me that day gonna be never,.
never cigars, Fuck with them hoes who got medical cards, paint you da picture.
nigga.. yeah I blow the whole bag nigga.
smoke kush it make me feel better, and if yo bitch choosing just keep it.
for the trophy, Nigga.
HV Gutter She in, love with, Ye, that bitch think she Kim K, And.
Yeah I fuck her once then forget her, then I pull up and upset her, Yeah I.
moving Young Stephen King bitch I'm making movies these niggas scared cause I.
though.. I got it for the Lolo.. Im in love with that smoke though.. Fuck a 7.
tongue out, all in that pussy I feel like MJ going for the win hey And I got.
