Let's Get Money Lyrics
by Bad Lucc.

I'm bout the bullshit, I push the V.
disrespect.
city nigga but the cookin' nine.
I got the yop-yop on deck, GPs, VVS on my neck.
says you lookin' for me.
All my life I've been strugglin' with this paper.
I was raised in the hood, I come from that.
Ready to kidnap your kinfolk, you don't really want these problems.

nigga feelin' so froze.
Niggas they be slippin' and trippin' fuckin' the grind up.
Keep a strap and fuck a hater.
Thug till my death date.
Kush in the plane, I'm gonna set the mood.
If it's hustlin' then I'm with it.
niggas do you bad with your monkey ass.
And stayed reppin' my hood, she lookin' fine.
Bawk bawk bawk, you get first.
Then I break you in two, put you next to you.
If I'm in it then I'm ridin', if I'm bussin', see you later.
Just a kush weed fiend with a triple beam dream.
I'm a 10-6 hot boy, jump the line.
Plan dance on 'em, bustin' head in a VIP.
Wonder how a nigga stay feelin' on hoes.
Big Dog with it got K right now.
East side nigga fresh up out the G, insane Vice Lord 53.
And guarantee that every nigga my sex straight.
All my gangsters let's get work.
Carolina park king, mother fuck a rap dream.
Let's get this money.
If you scared then go to church.
All this grindin', all this money, gotta get it.
Bad luck come by, fuck the time.
Icy fresh on that neck ho, and this .223 make a mess ho.
I get mine up out the field, let's get money.
Got a itchin' for this meal, keep on flossin' fuck a deal.
Talk about a murder when you mention me.
she sex ho, real G and we next ho.
Mercenary with it, I was paid to kill.
vet, I was made as steel.
Take the P and I break it down.
I put an I don't give a fuck nigga next to you.
A penitentiary next place you wind up, I know.
Keep it bangin', let's get with it.
Niggas wanna hang and slang, you better bang the thag.
We takin' trips out of town, got your bitch bustin' down.
Cluck heads bout to line up.
Got a pack of the girl, I'm gonna go get her.
with it, I'mma juk in the field.
Choppin' paper.
Still livin' like a motherfuckin' jack boy.

My  nigga, I done pushed the line.
Got an  living room, about 120 whips.

Motherfuckers better moderate cause I go retarded, never tolerate no.

my skin, it's in my blood, it's in my nature.
Won't sell shit if it make it round.
Finna put her on a motherfuckin' sex tape with my niggas.
Gangster Gibbs ho, I live for these bitches, dopin' these dollars.
Is you buyin' or sellin'? Boy make your mind up.
And  suck her down for the look in her.

Still livin' like a motherfuckin' dope dealer.
suckin' for the fam I trip.
You niggas ain't eatin' better check your food.
Me and my nigga Tony P off an eighth right now.
Tryna hit a lick then bright lights behind us.
Me and my bros we about them chips.
In the dope house finna cook a nine up.
Gone break it down, show me where it's at boy.
Momma knew that since a baby she was gone bury me a gangster.
