Pour tha Martini Lyrics
by Wu Block.

Interlude: Sheek Louch.
Fly Louis sneakers, Purple Tape coming out the speakers.
To capacity, this young bitch keep asking me.
Go hard for the hood from Allentown to Sumner.
Ma, you chilling? The belt glow in the dark.
Feeling like Bruce Wayne, making up for never making the prom.
I'm a big fish now, I watch for the leeches.

Yeah, nigga, what, I'm just one of us.


“Maybe after the show, just hold fast for me”.
Feel me, son.
Aiyo, I jump on stage with my dick in my hand.
Now I'm sitting in the Phantom, trynna figure out the features.
I don't have to get dip, I'm known and flossy.
Where my aunt stays, batteries gone.
D-Block pull up, olive green drops.
Bumped into my high school teachers.
That's when I pull a forty out for Ason.
For all my jail niggas, that feel wondrous.
Too hot for these tracks, wash this summer.
They said I wouldn't be nothing, sitting on the bleachers.
I'm known everywhere like Remedy Rossy.

I'm jew-eled out like a box of Lucky Charms.
“Fourth quarter time…”.
Jacob Javits Center, Wu and Snoop there.
On stage, two treadmills, a pull-up bar.
Clarks is lighty scuffed, need a new pair.
I don't mean jazz when I say I count base.
Aiyo, Ghost, I'm going in, family.
Mad groupie love, too caliente.
My nigga Ghost Rider, King Sheek Louch.
Fuck a fat bitch, with a thunder butt.
Big money in this place, I'm balling when I'm leaving out of Chase.
Involved with the lights to give it that red feel.
I'm in the fly spotlight with that Papoose.
Mahogany, polly with Sin Jay.
Red diamonds on a Freddy Kruger face.
Wu-Block, I'm from a gun play habitat.
Killah banging the neck, with two rubbers out.
Bitch ass niggas where I dump my Glocks at.
Sheek and Ghost Deini, aiyo, Cap, pour that bitch a martini.
Tell her chill, cuz the Gods is here.
Ferocious bangles, birds on both arms.
Air fresheners hang, the joint is sold out.


New York is the borough where I pump my rocks at.
Let me run into Nicki, I'm smashing that.
What you know about the ratchet in your mother mouth.
Loosen her up, fuck it, pour Goose in her cup.
Never say shit, I'm hard and cocky.
The interior suede, cuz that's boss crock.
I'm a Park Hill nigga, straight from Shaolin.
I don't get pat down, you know what's on the waist.

“Can I suck your dick?”, “Not now, shorty”.
Shout out to Ason.
