Different Time Zones Lyrics
by Wu Block.

“Ain't nothing, Tone, just on my dean”.
I mean, I'm over here across seas.
Sitting in this library, man.
Burning the big dutch, sweet feet up.
If the weather's right, fuck it, I come down to chill.

Different time zones, steering wheel on the right.
On the tenth floor, looking over Paris.
I got a briefcase of Euros and Indian money.
True!
Sheek Louch.
Inspectah Deck.

Ghostface Killah.
Yeah, different time zones, that's all.
Unbutton my shirt, unloosen my tie.

Click large, homey, put some more tables together.
Deuce high, watch a dude ride, I'm on my shit.
Told me that he like that new shit, last night, that he heard on Flex.
Sipping Ciroc berry.
White women laying in my bed.
Larry King on mute.
“Out here in Queens, I bag me a queen”.
Went to commercial, the phone rang.
My neighbors all embarrassed.
Yeah.
He hating, but his wife steady watching my cock.
Rae hit me on the text.

Aiyo yo yo, kiss each other, yo.

Name heavy, phone call to my ace Diego.
Every time I'm in customs, they look at me funny.
Britannica Encyclopedias, L. Ron Hubbard, Tony Robertson.
They about to bury Wesley for taxes.
Sheek Louch.
Glasshouse.
Driving down the wrong street thinking what the fuck I'm gon' eat tonight?
Live the VIP life, I ain't spend a clam.
Reading these fucking books.
Stones they cover my bones.
These muthafuckas, you know what I'm saying?
Then shot across the two.
Then I grabbed the remote, hit the volume on the big lion.
The screens in his mouth, a ninety inch giant.
Yo yeah.
I'm doing my thing, how I'm repping, they salute king.
And they don't even know I'm Wu-Tang.
“Yo, what up Sheek?”.
Produced by Frank Dukes.
In the mood, getting nude in the swimming pool.
I got weight on the spot, that's instagrams.
Got the fireplace up real high.
I reside by the library.
Up in Mansion, salute, world famous Inspectah.
I got some bitches and they tripping off that powder white.
I'm out in South Beach, 1st street, Ocean Ave.
Yves Saint Laurent frames.
You over there, but either way we gotta get this money, fam.
For anything, what up, man? Connect me.
Sitting like a cloud of haze.
You over there in the States.
Cuban maid sliding me cookies, tall glass of lemonade.
Chandeliers hanging over my head.
Long ashes hanging off the blunt, then I pluck.
I can make a documentary on what race can give the best head.
Alright cool, hit me up when you get down to Brazil.
Pretty boos in Jimmy Choo's with titties loose.
Cuz I'm ass naked, watching the clock.
AMG6 with the oak dash.
Wild for the night, I ain't even think about my flight.
Bricks laying on my pinkie like tombstones.
“Fed her all this shit she wanted to hear, she probably want the ring”.
Fell back power napping.
I snatch bank like four, five, six.

