Do It Like Us Lyrics
by Wu Block.

Nah, they don't do it like us.
A Russian chef with scars on his chest, the boats mad roomy.
Fiji or Roset, and I don't even take a sip.
Sheepskins grey, beneath the feet, crisp balley.
Splash, I get all them clothes smelling cushy.
Rad little slut, one white killa with bucks on.
Mami sitting in my Benz, like she Liz Claiborne.
Little model bitch, had to get game, on.
While I'm hitting they back tonsils.
Ghostface Killah.
Clip up, nigga!
Shades on, Aviator lens.

Yeah, Donnie laughing at you sore losers.
Chatting quiet, no talking, just finger jabbing.
Me and Sheek is Selleck and George Clooney.
Still look the same and that's last years, flyer.
That's cruisers that's jumped off from back flipping pussies.

Niggas is dice, ya'll famous for the legendary clarks.
Underdogs hot, 2011 Hoosiers.
Balley parachutes, the water is deep blue.
I drop fifty on the order, more hundred on the whip.
Nah, they don't do it like we do.
Aiyo, two hundred thousand in dust paper.
D&amp;C Kangols, white Russian gazelles.

Yeah, the hood say I'm on fire.

Lamping in Junior's, eating squid, me and Starks.
Skydiving in Fiji Islands with a sweet view.
Under your trucks, Scottish ruger, jump suiter.
Just more money, but way more, higher.

Micro felt goggles, Brazil models, keep a mouth full.
Keep a track on the sickest bat like Modell's.
Let a bullet thrust, take your Jacob, I'm always in make-up.
That you already rolled, now it's hella flame, on.
Sour when I land a little, something for the hip.
Donnie on the street like a Good Year, tire.
Aiyo, Benz and grams being torn from the rubber bands.
Nah, they don't do it like us.

Sheek Louch.
Raekwon.
And we ain't gotta throw ice on 'em, we count one for Kiss.
Five on the Louis luggage, ten on the trip.
Yeah, Wu-Block, aiyo, Ghost, aiyo, Chef.
I switch pockets then pull out the scope.
Styles, Rae and Cap, L and Mike and 'em.
Switzerland, we flying in vet to examine the watches.
Only niggas that move good pots to the rasta.
Latifah shorts, tennis courts in the summer mans'.
Nah, they don't do it like we do.
Wearing jewelry, robbing jewelry, peep out the coats.
