Free Spirited Lyrics
by Unorthodocks.

And I still do both just not as much now.
And without rap my life's PlayStation and dope dealing.
Yo I'm free spirited and open-minded.
but I don't want to hear that.

Cuz flipping these Z's doesn't come with a dental plan.
and every time I try and wreck.
Known for rhyming, no diamonds just blow minds and.
Dope sales declining, broke scale no clients.
Am I a child? I guess not, it seemed fast.
Weed sacks, make tracks stacked with dope lines and.
And at the age of eighteen I've already hit the ceiling.
Cuz it's been a long time since I felt that way about rap.
My childhood's like a library book I've been renewing.
Up on the fact he could kick rhymes and sling grass.
Just as much in the stash only no one is buying.
You can be a G just appear as a gentleman.
Maybe cuz all they talk about is how they stay in the trap.
Keep progressing towards the plateau I've been pursuing.

I'm never high enough, got a brother trying stuff.
A studio sesh I feel as if my whole night is wrecked.
I don't even know why I'm trying to put my state on the map.
Yo I'm free spirited and absent minded.
They ain't trying to put me nowhere, give me any assist.
But sometimes I get the feeling I'm Q.B. kneeling.

Not your average Joe, cop o's no consignment.
Rhyming to the pigeons swigging out of my bottle.
Paranoid at the mall, wigging out at the models.
First generation English, sixth gen pack-rat.
I just hope that I'm right.
Find me on eighty-fifth with a fifth of absinthe, blinded.
Sitting on mad scripts but none of the shit's appealing.
Told everyone back off, cuz I know what I'm doing.
That's why I'm posted on the curb here on seventy-fifth.
Not really a career path.

and god forbid that I'm wrong.

We got local cats but ain't nobody playing their raps.
Only to slight side effects.
Like hash wax and dabs and bubbles I try to huff.
Yo I'm free spritied and open-minded.
You don't fear the near future when you hear a brazier snap.
Disappear just to reappear as a deity.
Remy and spliff in a napsack, still kicking backpack rap.
I swear that yesterday I was just a teen gassed.
Guess it's back to Xbox and Dreamcast.
All eyes are watching, I know I got to keep moving.
Hyperbole, verbally no one seeing me.
I just pray that one day I touch a kid with this song.
I've been waiting for an oprotunity, I hope I find it.
Sitting on fourth and goal, going for a touchdown.
Cats got more to say about rap then what they say in their raps.
