Lay Down And Just Write Lyrics
by Unorthodocks.

Getting caught up in my zone leads to serotonin depletion.
I'll have you reborn in a mere moment.
The God laid scrolls for mere mortals to learn from.
Crunch digits into lyrics that I store to catch wreck later.
Compiled algorithms in files that I created.
Drove miles sedated on an unpaved road.
Manhandling Hannity's, yo I'm more like a Kennedy.
desired or secretly admired.


Never been tired,.
You cats are Primetimes; close but no cigar.
Could give a damn about what an upper class twit reckon.
I play a social spectator here collect data.
My domes cauterized from when I soldered the crown.
Sitting at an obtuse angle; the rap mongoose.
Known to leave a legion pleading at the feet of the Phoenician.
Crowds gather around and peep the marvelous sound.
I'm a modern Quasimodo on a mission like Frodo.
Might be.
My rhyme feats are prime meet, you small potatas.

Let me reiterate, inseminate your wifey.
The rap black quarterback, white emcee rapping.
Lay down and just write x3.
Slayed tracks from styles from laid back to hyphy.
Every bar calculated, styles amalgamated.
I just set my sights at a higher height B.
The same ones that made you the rage and staged your fables.
Your arms are too short to trade blows with Docks the God.
I'm the worst thing to happen to rap since major labels.
Of what lies inside my mind and I design with every breath.
So when I'm rocking open mics you'll be rocking pay-to-play.
As you're leaching off the genius trying to feed off my secretion.
I heard you got strong juice, let me water you down.
Trying to step, they fall back like Docks started it now!
Shakespeare couldn't hold a pen like me.
Quit talking, who cares who says who rocks it hard?
Slay snakes in the booth whenever I let a song loose.

Hand written notepad full of utter insanity.
Call as haters, we just acknowledge what's factual.
I'm independent to death just like a desert anemone.

Never been hired, never been fired.
You could find me in the cut rolling trees, hitting Bailey's.
One like breaks illiterates, obliterates his syche.
Hundred percent of enemies can't mess with me mentally.
As I lean back with a green quarter and burn some.
Like the venomous centipede that it is before it strikes.
Get dropped back at the crib, lay down and just write.
Stephen Hawking couldn't comprehend the depth.
I forget better rhymes than you've written on the daily.
What you aspire to, I retire to nightly.
Easily stepping over you fake lyrical Toto's.
Pricey Rollies, no he couldn't care slightly.
Still yelling we the greatest, give a fuck if y'all debate us.
Sure you can rhyme fine but next mine your flows sub-par.
Tuck the bud up in my Nikes, hit the strip once or twice.
Making magic with profanities and other obscenities.
Yes I've made stacks, no Maybachs or icey.
Testing the message I'm sending through the net and through Fenopy.
I'm just trying to get love, give a fuck about the likes.
These other dudes rap, I make tracks that impact you all.
Not a wise guy was found in any part of the town.
On any night sure to sack your first string captains.
You never paid dues, all you did was pay your way.
While you take photos in mirrors I'ma shatter your vanity.
It's clear you're no opponent for the Arizonan Ronin.
I recognize that and I don't take it lightly.
Could it be that you're just so much flyer yo?
You can keep your paid packages and other amenities.
Dismantle your philosophy in a split second.
In an unbuilt city but I still paid tolls.
