Prometheus Lyrics
by Bodi.

Made my suit of armor out the road  .
Walk among the constellation map til I'm back home  .
Bring a fire to the night  .
  .
Vice versa, line the words that take the curtain off the person  .
  .
Got pushed down the queen's mouth, bleed on out  .
It's a one shot deal, kid, welcome to.
Ashes in my urn, past the passion of my work  .
And, stand there lookin off the cliff like jump  .
A molder of boulder til run out of blood  .
.
  .
And hold my head and chin up high  .
And no glory but the stories mine.
About a change coming, it won't if I'm.
Like no longer am I ever on or past the pity parties  .
Skeletons on my road journey got some soul  .
An inferno in my eyes and it's never gonna die  .
Now I feel there ain't nowhere else to go  .
Part of myself hid the belt, givin welts  .
Fire in my arteries, make the world a part of me  .
the show  .
I'm a phoenix in the snow, these chains will never hold  .
Cross my motherfucking bones on that long walk home  .
Oh, ain't no quitter in my go-getter  .
No time to waste bein pissed at the cards I was dealt  .
And I will never hide  .
If I can't make it out alive  .
Until the day I waive goodbye  .
Til I'm gone I'll ignite  .
stopping  .
Burned without seeing other hearts I melt  .
Blamin others for the scars I felt  .
So let's strip away the bones and the skin  .
I've only got two options  .
  .
Used to go victimize bruises and lumps  .
Backbone's no stronger through the slouching  .
The ghost of my former self now, kneel down  .
No thrones, no hopes, no idea where the story goes  .
And I paid dues with worn shoes walking on the lava  .
My fears will never be my guide  .
Keep walking or dream on watching  .
As the world pass by and I'm sitting here talking  .
And win or lose don't matter none, when it's all said and done  .
They want fire? Well let em burn  .
But I ain't waiting for the perfect shot  .
wheels fall off  .
Fire, re-ignite it, light the path shown  .
And the old jaded grin  .
What type of man I've become and soul that I was  .
Then I will leave it all behind  .
Go up and away, and set with the sun  .
Cheating ex-girlfriends the reason I got no trust  .
Let the demons dance, I'm never giving up the fight  .
Better make the most of the final motion picture  .
Take the dark out the light  .
And the deal's all off, kid, built the house alone  .
Draw, fire, aim, til the fucking.
The breath in the lungs, and steps that I've run  .
Fill it all to fill my cup and I won't ever give it up  .
And the grim simple truth that I won't begin again  .
Feeling certain they determine won't burn up  .
But when the camera roll go flicker  .
If it's wrong make it right  .
Ain't no time to reload  .
I can revise it fore I write it in stone  .
And fade into the other side  .
  .
People doubting me the reason I got no guts  .
I'm left with the one thing left to decide  .
All the pieces of my soul got a reason that they glow  .
Switch-hitter, bitter pill swallowed, I know, I know  .
alone  .
So what you sittin on? What you aimin at?  .
Can hold to a grudge or shoulder and trudge  .
A man of wounds and cuts, reshaped, and made new  .
I won't ever go home  .
 Bodi &amp; Cas One  .
Fate's trapped and it's my turn to take it back  .
  .
Behold that pale horse that burns the house down  .
And find a final piece of mind  .
Head hangin, finger pointin, or the doubting  .
For the world now, like the motherfucking crowns  .
Like the passage of my journey made me a new Earth  .
