Bad Day Lyrics
by Unorthodocks.


With what I write with this pencil, I fucking fuck up your mental.
Probably could bag your baby right after she cop an ounce from me.

To let it be known then leave your.
But until then... I'ma just make the best of it.
Who cares if my grants swell, so long as I rant well.
But....
I got a million and one styles and a booth to try them on in.
Who gave you the all clear and lit the green light.
Leaving your crushes blushing with orange crush in the Dutch and.
Til you hit the ground and your breathing sound like accordion sounds.
Then give your shorty a pound and throw your thrown off the balcony.
?
You had a fad and it's over cuz no one can feel it sober.
Unorthodocks overstand that its just a game they created.
To grab you homies attention and notice the slight accession.
For you to spit the bullshit rhymes and shit on teen plight?
Cop some sess to hit to fill this pit in my chest.
I'll be on the west coast, chilling out with Chantel.
While sporting a thorny crown as I'm spitting like forty rounds.
So bounce with me, anouncing the U to the O is back.
That's still tripping bout MTV only plays stripper anthems.
Docks known to leave heads flown, make a tyrant disown his thrown.
Some of them undecided and some of them understated.
I can't live a life that's short of perfect.
Unorthodocks.

I'm clutching this microphone killing anything that I'm touching.
Take rappers that sentimental and shit on his instrumental.
I'm asking rhetorically, I'm historically underrated.
You worship DOOM but know nothing of fucking El-P.
Been waiting to get on a song and to spazz and simply smash it.
I'ma pay homage to pioneers and shit on the rest.
I could've been born without a voice, so I know I'm blessed to spit.
And still expect me to listen of what you're trying to tell me?

Reveal the brightest dimentions, induce the slightest dementia.

A game that we played as children, thinking we'd be chill when.
I ain't the one assimilating, I been down with this art.
I'm snapping on whippersnappers right after this snap of doja.
They say that they're deep and tight, I just say that they're pussy rappers.
I'm over it, I got over it when I was twelve B.
Mr. Spit Quagmires, kiss the fist; admire.
The rapid attack smacker, my rap slap is explosive.
Just give me time and date cuz I'm hitting a cheap flight.

If you still don't know the name just hit the bodega and ask, kid.
Cuz knowing cat's like you exist's the reason I don't sleep at night.
Like JaDeveon when I'm rushing, the competition I'm crushing.
I'm on a bad day, you really can't tell.
Sure 57 automatically short a circuit.
Couldn't have planned it any better, throw the eggs in the basket.
It's been a long day but en chante.
Immortal status, I'm more emphatic and sure to murk it.
Lot of lames got it out for me, got a dame and her houses key.
I got way too much shit on my plate to just sit at a desk.
Alright well tell me, ayo I'm all ears.
I'm like Homer with zones, feel.
It'd be the wrong way to not finish it with a strong J.
Bombay Sapphire, twist and lit mad fire.
From the first second I remember, finally now I'm part.
I know I make the type of music that you can't sell.
Why is that I've been hearing your name all year.
Now cut to two years later, now this fucking shit is on lock.
While y'all can just cry about it or better yet emulate it.
to sit on the block.
Couldn't block son's shine with an iron awning.
I slid after freshman year, just.
And to much intellect to ever check how I did on a test.
My rhetoric is ahead of it's time and it's undebated.

Withdrawn from all August classes, you know how how long his ass has.
I'm tackling the percussion.
Wack pseudo emcees brains explode when I flow to tracks.
Spit bars with the tightest tension, that shit that you might have mentioned.
Decapitate faggot rappers that rap about swag attrocious.
We know that we won't get laid off and payed off all of the building.
I'm dabbing up fatter doses and battered batter Mendozas.
And bagging up forty grams as I'm cancelling on my counselors.
The crowd goes bezzerk as shorty twerk it, I'm sipping on forty ounces.
Of what I love and live, I'm above these kids with their temper tantrums.
mind blown with this alchemy.
it deep in your chromosomes.
