Drivin' Round Lyrics
by Wu Block.

Four years later we stuck in the same drama.
Another jump start, then I'm on my mission.

I beep at the seeds, stop, bless them with a little guap.
July sunny day.
I done pushed everything, I love the way the Benz swing.
Little kids that's killers and love doing bids.
You pray with them, but you don't know who that priest been touching.
Bigger losers drop weight, sweating from the trauma.
I keep ID, insurance, and registration.
Out the window with that Range or that muscle car.
Hoodrats that's fresh, but barely feed their kids.
Step in the car and go.

I'm leaning hard cruising, grooving to the beat.

Wu music, good hemp for stimulation.
A big spliff in my ashtray,.
I keep it rolling, picture me twirling the big truck.

Blue flags, red flags, different gangs.
He asks me can I spare a change? I throw up singles.
U com, my cheap skin shearing all the leather.
Crack fiends buy a new TV for 20 beans.
Each crime is kinfolk, all blood related.
This is Wu-Block music for the black hooded champions.

It's live when I'm gliding, I'm smoking while I'm driving.
I've seen him come back from outta town and get laid down.
Looking both ways, I'm cautious when I'm.
Look, I'm fresh back from out of state, JFK arrival.
Unemployment lines, Mexicans'll work for nothing.
McDonald's, chinese food, a thousand chains.
His music loud, windows down, summer heat vibing.
It's a cold world, winter war weather.
diamonds in that big Chopard.
Pull out the station, yell to pedestrians.
I'm just tryna use my brains when I'm.

We 'bout to go.
Button on his lapel, picture of Obama.
Arm hanging out the window,.
Blacks, whites, Asians, Indians and Mexicans.
OG's still outside, it never changes.
Riding, mini skirts flirting while I'm passing, they waving.
Round down by your lady, and I be waiting at the door.
Education to a thug is well debated.
And I'm feeling 'ight too, sliding through Medina.
thought, wrote it down.
Weed in the cracked cigar, more sour in the jar.
What is the key to life, with no ignition?
So I turn my music up, caught a.
Addiction so strong, got him in knee deep.
At the light, a base head, fragile as a Pringle.
As I move through these mean streets.
Niggas tryna get money, police.
Liquour stores, strip clubs, filthy whores.
These streets corners, just overcrowded saunas.
Somebody daughter getting ten singles to drop her drawers.
