Comin' For Ya Head Lyrics
by Wu Block.

Little nigga and Puff, or caught a spot with a nine.
Louis duffle bag don't hold enough.
I'm still down with Kobe, got a feeling he could make it.
Blood diamonds sitting real chunky in my right ear.
Sheek Louch.
pull they chains out and shit.
Hiding in Stevie glasses in Venice.
I'm coming for your head, yup, yup.
Burgundy blood, fell out the thug, he got trapped by a team curse.
I'm coming for your head, I'm coming for your head.
My man said I went raw last night.
And little niggas got nowhere to hide but the projects.
She kissing on my neck, I'm too black for a hickey.
You eat seal meat, dick stay up for a fucking week.
Strong hammers, doofy like Klitschko.
Killas, skin your ass with no contracts.
I'm coming for your head, I'm coming for your head.
And I done been here a dime.
Doing lines off coffee tables in the Waldorf.
It's getting warm outside, these niggas, like to put they earrings in, and.
Drinking the brown liquor for both of us.
I put my vest on, smoke something.
Styles P.
Jake the Snake and hatchet, can't Crystal Lake it.
I'm coming for your head, yeah.
Rose on table, Jesus head with the cable.
I'm more relentless, aiming a strap, from off the benches.
Spitting harder, looking better than ya'll little niggas.
Hit you from right field, intensely.
Dark side like Darth, yeah, young Anakin.
Salute them niggas that died, those with a federal.
My man head ice, luck smooth right there.
Your money mine now, homeboy, now run to your moms.
I'm better in my prime.

It's like dice, nigga, open the hole.

Grab my nine from underneath the bed.
Cock my gun back, make sure it's filled up with lead.
Let's roll, cuz when the clock hit, my niggas'll bowl.
If I sneeze, the left side of my nose might rip.
To a bunch of a dirty niggas like Pig Pen.
Dark skin, hunchback killing machines.
If Miami and Oklahoma don't take it.

Polo overalls, short set, son of Mars, though.
I mean yeah, nigga! It's feeding time!
Your opinion didn't matter since Big heard me rhyme.
I heard Toney, Boombaye! from the crowd, yeah.
Your money ain't long, your money is gone.
I kill little niggas, up close, peel little niggas.
Blast first, drop the burner and burst.
From Syracuse, four-fifths, gold plated.
A lady cop and some hit men.
Fisters on the get go, silk shirts, this is how the click roll.

Power mitts and bricks, yo, what.
Ghostface Killah.
Attending brutal rap battles in Zaire.
And you're panicking, oughta stay still like a mannequin.
We chilling in the Trump Towers, onions and soul.
Your face found up, like I won't come there and break it.
I just woke up, I got money on my mind.
This is Sheek Louch, Ghostface Killah.
Bees wax all in the spinners, most of my killas is winners.
Most of my goons is bow-legged, bald head niggas.
Heard I slid up in a whore last night.
Nah, you don't roll enough.

Charge yo, Incarcerated Scarface, yard flow.
Come back like Arizona Ron, speaking Spanish.
Hand all sticky, my tires is all Mickey.
No Charlie Brown, though, pump in the pound, though.
Surrounded by the rich, yo.
And where your bitch go?
Let's go!
Still saucy, I plead the fifth, six G's I sniffed.

And the other Ghost, you can fuck around and get your mother poked.
Skywalker, fly talker, rhyme even better though.
Raekwon.
Gun shots is fatal, my bars is prenatal.
Probably in the crib, getting high, watching Fargo.
I quarterback the coke like Big Ben.
Coming for your head, I run your ass out of town, yo.
Sorry gangstas get thrown in the hole.
Nose red, walk into to the bathroom, door off.
We the hottest out, still, little niggas.

Ralph Ellison, invisible man, vanishing.
