On Dek Lyrics
by Quilly.

To I signed with On Dek bitches treat me like Hakkem.
Yall might as well just drop the bag on me. YAMEEN.
Used to wonder bout the money now I got that pita bread.
Ya bestfriend turn foe, for the love of the dough.
Im tired of duckin the cops, I gotta see my PO.
Niggas ain't got no aim, they out here killin children.
2 O's short bouta get a key.
I got some shooters On Dek.
Man my coke numb ya mouth like ammosul.
I got some bottles On Dek.
Now we at Benihana's eatin lo mein.

Truck full of dog food no pedigree.
My money keep goin up, lets keep that on the low.
On the ceiling ask Haines Street I made a killing.
I got some money On Dek Now.
i hit the block.

My bank account they'll never see.
Big or not if they runnin' heads then Im switchin spots.
Im bouta buy a whole brick, bag it all, trap it all.
My watch come from Tiffany.
50 k the long way stuffed in these jeans.

Drought nightmares, triple beam dreams.
Pocket full of blue faces avatar.

Which means its gonn cost a pint for a 16.
I want a mill for the flow, Im tired of dealin the blow.
Moncler on me baby.
I can hit a chick, hit her mom, and her sister.
My feature price higher than the numbers on the lean.
Quilly whippin up the recipe.
I seen the pill game turn a boss to a fein.
I got the same Jordans Mike wore on the dream team.
Im bout my money straight up like 6 oclock spin the coke counterclockwise then.
Im hittin chicks cause they lettin me.
You hear the radio, I been killin the streets lately.

I put a price on ya head, you'll be gone for the low.
All i see is racks, it was hard to make a bean.
Balenciaga my situation.
The work floatin on the water like Im skippin rocks.
The cake clip girl with the letter C.
Im on tilt man I play for the skeme team.
A couple models On Dek Now.
I spilt some lo mein on my Balmains.
I want that major league paper Derek Jeter bread.
I got some bottles On Dek.
My Sneaks come from Sicily.
A couple models On Dek Now.
On Dek! E and Reds wassup with yall.
I got some money On Dek Now.
My bitch come from Italy.
How these niggas dead popped, they just had it all.

Been getting wavy, but you already know.
Im tryna pull up in a rafe wit the big dippa.
I got some shooters On Dek.

Steering wheel with the letter B.
Dirty youngin from the projects remember me ?
ON DEK !
