Take Notice Lyrics
by Wu Block.

Aiyo, Vel, tell L to call more treats.
Cubaned out, neck looking all beastie.
On his concrete land, it's moving.
Nancy Reagan making shots for us, TMZ said they saw us.
We gun smoking bonanzas, with no bounty.
Call it Ox Town, trust me, I give you fifty.

Shaking, freezing, covers on right now.
Sheek Louch.
I ain't stabbing nothing less she got a horse butt.
I'm dreaming, at the bar with Barack's wife.
Hillary said I frighten her.


I'm Don-Don, Daily News, fitted be true blue.
Niggas pulled me up out the bed for this shit, man.
I don't gang bang, but my niggas be Su-Wu.
Word up, just telling me to throw onions and garlic in my socks.
Wu-Block, take notice, Wu-Block, take notice.
Stick up kids stay away, Shaolin is far from your Emerald City.
I feel murder in the air, yeah, where my soldiers.
We gon' march until the whole entire world take notice.
I ain't with all that, hand me some Theraflu, some Nyquil or something.
I gotta get those coins, I need coins right now, yo.
Sometimes I feel like Naughty, Hip Hop Hooray.
Ghostface Killah.
She mad I won't fuck her, go wash that poo-poo.
It's only a few niggas in the game that I'm true to.
One apostle, Cuban Link skit.
Fuck her on the side of the building, that's a 'walnut'.
See me? My chain lower than your GPA.
You can catch me on G-Street, snowflake fur on.
From here to La Cienaga, I do hood yoga.

Montana Medellin, blowing both nostrils.
Youknowhatimsaying? I gotta do what I gotta do though, voice scratchy and all.
V necks on a different level.
Come on, man, yo, let me get some tea, man, throw some ginger in there.
Where the hood at? Bring 'em out, need ya'll to hold us.
It's what it is, check me out, yo, aiyo.

Don't pass me the blunt, I'm cooling, sixteen hundred grams.
Yo, Starks, tell Vel to book more suits.
Bitches circle round me on the block, I'm bossed up.
I pull muscles counting money, need a new shoulder.
See them shooters in that building? They hear to stay.
Staple your collar bone, you don't want no bass treble.
Just know I got a cold, I'm coughing everywhere.
Said you getting that for cheaper, well, what you pay?
Alarm go off, choking off the teeth whitener.
Snow bunnies, house wives of Orange County.
She pregnant, ten minutes ago, she had a small gut.
