Whooping Cough Lyrics
by Unorthodocks.

Unorthodocks.
And it wasn't cause I was timid, more like horny and tactless.
I'm spitting graphic novels, when I drool it's cinematic.
Gawdlee.
You should be nervous when you see it, cause you're the one who needs it.
I'm back in action, bagging fractions and acting dumb.

Packs of Backwoods and Dutches, leave the Swishers for the sweeties.
My actions leave them happy but my words could leave them bleeding.

Convince you to show me how being loose is so simple ma'am.
I ain't riffing, I ain't raffing, I'm just rapping on a CD.
Opening for Broken Toms just hoping that my spoken psalms worked.
Mind bending, leding, spending dollars as I'm stacking 'em.
I was never blacklisted, I just avoided the parties and actresses.
Enigmatic, innovative, keep your shorty penetrated.
It's just that when there's liquor and women I'm just a simple man.
How does Hercules deal with a serpent trying to disturb the peace?
Shorty, be in the Cadillac after you grab the bag your packing.

What a bastard; I'm sorry honey, really I'm a gentleman.
We be ripping up your treaties, I ain't ripping if it's seedy.
What up?
Just goes to show that every surface is deceiving.
other you know? Yo....
It's really too easy.
The cracker just staggered back, I said I'm get crackalacking.
It's like the perfect piece to puzzle, strapping these beasts with muzzle.
The blade protruding from the sides looks like I just took souls.
I swear I could make you switch up the tempo and.
Til my head is hotter than a father when I met his daughter.
Gawdlee.
And I love this game too much to just let a beginner have it.
At TUF I toughened up, chugging jugs instead of water.
why you and me got to do tracks with each other and actually challenge each.
If you think every emcee's work and worth is fucking even.
I hope you could still see defeat when it's subtle just call me Deji.
I wasn't awkward, I was outspoken at concerts.
Only roaches in the dishes we be ripping up your beedies.
Just to prove I demonstrated everything the pen has stated.

I know what you're saying man, there's just no competition out here. That's.

Yo, Docks.
Mostly known to carry a six foot pole.
Said With this bread I got her she'll be wanting for nothing.

Unorthodocks.

So just look past the fact that I'm a vagabond ragamuffin.

