Cruising USA Lyrics
by Blanco.

Run up in the spot with the trey pound.
Yeah, nigga you could lose that shoe.
Eating roasted crab out in ?
All I want is dope and weed.
Got a clean '82 all blue.
I'm a gangster 'til I die cause I took the oath.
Unravel that pack of weight, twist 'em like a pita roll.
As I get blowed smoking Keisha Cole.
I'll shoot you and take your herb cause I need to smoke.
Try to open your eyes in a sandstorm.
Shoot my niggas out to Vegas, let's go blow some cheese.
Smoking in the Bay so Jackie give me the K.
I got some hungry ass lawyers.
Bills to the sky, gotta get this loot.
That's like seeing ghost, loading guns and ? coke.
Told you that if your mans strong.
But I'mma grind untill they throw me and that iron hole.
Funny thing, I was a jacker back in the day.
That's how I play it, it's amazing where this game she took it.
I don't give a damn if your man wrong.
Came for the money and the ice, if you play with you life.

We got it cheap, 20 for the K now.
I got some skeletons in my closet.

I know the feds want my iPhone.
Some motherfuckers tried to rob me now they in a ?
? brew.
If you ain't got no money get your grind on.
Colder than the ice up in my styrofoam.
Conscious, ? my revolver.
Skimask on ?
The type it take to build a case and beat the shit for you.
Roll the cookies up, show them niggas how the dons roll.
Motherfucker, you could lose that too.
Dope prices for me to know, for you to buy.
And when I get out I'mma get it tenfold.
She pop up that pussy as I sit back and smoking platinum kush.
And I don't need diamonds to keep the shine on.
I got my ? on, Nike's on, feeling like I'm right at home.
My nigga, all I ever wanted was some dope and weed.

Yeah, I'm into finer things, I'm into buying things.
I supply 'em, distrubute.
And I don't mean just to so I can say that I'm a Cali king.
We past ? AM, they dusting cocaine up their nose.
I'mma sold my strip up, pick a bad bitch up and go blow some cheese.
And I put it on bold.
Tell Blanco, homie, go on the console.
Drinking ? 'till your minds blown.
But life is cheap so it'll cost you.
The hustling and the pimping hoes, man, that's all I do.
Summertime ride, gotta get that coupe.
That's a message if you're plotting.
Spending money, having fun, so the time's flown.
Everybody lay down.

And when I get it I'mma kick it in the door.
And everything life has to offer.
Hoes gone play that hokey pokey up that sour dough.
