Sick time Lyrics
by Vivekverma.


Sometime i feel like caught up inside a circle with a cloud of doubts.
Everytime i try to walk up its seem black out and the proud keep fallin down.
That makin me to self loathing my reflection and i wonder how.
To figure it out.

I never got the feelin to be healing.
Wake up in the morning , thinkin pain is swellin.
Every other freakin thaught, vile and odd ,makin me awfully fearing.
Yeaaah everyday i wake in nightmare ,and i hear.
In everywhere , affair with an evil its not fair its i hear in all air.
I think m loosin my mindstake.
Everyday m lookin for the hope but heartbrake.
M gonna skate with that and spate that i hate cus its all fate.
People who ever did offend me ,crush ya like pill in my hand.
And to the fair weather friend m offhand ,cuz ya like a dead plant.
In my hand.

Now imma attackin anybody hapenin.
In my way , imma mappin out em' in a offstage.
Beat em' up then hoppin with em in a freeway.
Causin mayem ,backdays was like a stressed days.
Gettin myself off of the cage , its makin me dead weight.
I was surrouded by the visious circle ,nothin i coud say its today.
Yeasterday is over and my mind say.
Keep walkin in a line like a jet array.
Some stone come arround and stumblin the way.

God m loosin sanity ,this is my reality.
Walkin on the ground lossin gravity ,its a tragedy.

And loosin my mind can't even write a decent rhyme.
Plus i remind the nickel and dime like m havin a bad time.
That come back everytime.
This is all about me and i hate it though.
What kinda sophistry m having in row.
They backstabbin ,in the cabin , they nappin and crappin.
Make me laughin though.
Dropin and droppin every lyrcs ayo.
Hopin on the beat , make it flow.
Like a rowdy ,superman this is vivk and here i go ---.
Take it off critics sissy joke ,with the music m overdose.
Back to the lab when i grab the mic ,it was chaotic plus there was gettin.
choked.

Imma practically stagnant as monks but when it comes to my proud.
Then imma come around like a black cloud and rain shroud and kick the doubt.
And to the unfasionable backstabber imma fashionable rap turd.
Lovable like cannibal to ya fuggin fags and anibal.
Imma mysticly kick the ballistic and my justice is critics cannibiltic.
Its not simple static when i blow gasket ,a drastic.

God m loosin sanity ,this is my reality.
Walkin on the ground lossin gravity ,its a tragedy.

We keep descend in often time.
But you bettter paint the fact in the mind to not ever let up.
Get up and strut in your way and kick the every bullshit that come across ur.
way.
To keep walkin in a line.

