Side Show Lyrics
by 415.


 D-Loc 
Wait wait cut this shit. Man, 
This ain't, no muthafuckin side show 
Rich, kick the side, show 
 
, Richie Rich 
It's, a Saturday night, my girl's actin, real shitty 
Due to the fact I just left Campbell City, 
Straight, lace, Zeniths and vogues. All on point. 
On my way to the Town to get a doja joint 
Pushed it to the 7 to get some dank 
Hit the liquor store to cold get drank 
Now. I got my doja sippin on Nitro 
Peace playboy, I'm on my way to the side, show 
Down Bancroft to the light. 
Let me warm it up. I hit a donut tight 
There's, a Chevy on my side windows straight tinted. 
I think he got hype when he saw me spin. It 
I'm up outta there sideways to the next life 
Vogues kinda smokin, but Zeniths still tight 
I'm at the side show parlayin and playin 
Music on hit head straight swayin 
To the sounds of the 415 and the Locster 
Girlie on the corner on jock. So I approached her 
Spoke real, smooth and said: Hey, what's happenin 
She said Dubble-R is that you rappin 
I, said Ah nah baby. That ain't me 
You, listen to the sounds of the L-o-c 
The same clique, the 415. We make paper 
But back up bitch. I can see you got the vapors 
A lazy, towed up, tore down ho 
She's lookin for some dick at the side. Show 
 
You know what I'm sayin 
In Oakland California, every Saturday night brothers be ridin, 
Straight lace, Zeniths rag tops buckets high performance. 
We really don't be trippin, you know what I'm sayin 
But. Now it's like this 
 
, Richie, Rich 
Police, came through, but now they're gone, 
In other words the side show's on 
Troy's in a Maxima straight up, lit 
Short's comin through in a Benz with a kit. 
Oakland'S movin somethin and that's real 
Bruce from the Deuce comin through in a'Ville 
This is a side, show boy we don't fake it 
Police come through on a fluke and try to break it. 
Up, like that, with a riot hat, 
You're gon na need more than a billy club and a gat 
To, stop the side, show officer just think 
Maybe. You should come and hit the spot with a tank 
Cause. The brothers from the O are gon na keep on ridin 
Yo can hit a tight one straight sidin 
See, we ain't, really trippin off jail or the tickets. 
A brother wants to post make mail and kick it 
Now. Listen. This is the code to the show 
For the people out there, who just don't know 
If your shit is hella clean, then bring it 
If. It'S high performance then swing it 
If, it's a motorcycle. You better serve it 
And. If you get a ticket, you better deserve it. 
As long as you can say Man, I let em know 
Then peace, you did it at the side, show 
 
It's a everyday thing. 
Every Saturday night brothers be tearin up. Cars 
Brothers be comin through swingin em 
I. Don'T know what's goin on I'm juiced 
I'm in the Town I strikes through 
I, see bitches corner to corner block to block 
You know. Basically, it's just 
 
 Richie, Rich 
Corner to corner block to block 
Flock, Zeuses and EV's that knock 
Gold-diggin bitches in the City of O 
Lookin for a nigga with a cash flow 
That's. The type of shit that gets em off 
Material shit at the side show boss, 
Brothers get started and man don't quit. 
Kiki'S on a ninja about to tear up shit 
It's about 2 o'clock and the show's still goin 
Bitches, all at the gas station hoein 
A nigga like me, never ever spends cash on hoes 
Nah. I need a new set of vogues. 
Candy paint will make a bitch peep 
But she'll, never get a muthafuckin dime out of me, 
Peace to everybody in the O that I know 
Dubble-R get with you at the side show 
 
Believe that 
Cause it's real 
 
This. One goes out to my DJ. Daryl-Ski 
My homeboy L-o-c 
And, of course, the Jigga, the Jed
 
