Sissy Walk Lyrics
by 4 Broz By Broz.

MC Half Mast.
I'm rappin, I'm rappin', someone please hand me a napkin.
I like to wipe my fingers after every time I'm snackin'.
Sucka Slim back on the mic so let us get a crackin'.
A crackin on some Kraken,.
the Cruzan or even.
Captain.
Working on this case like my name was Bert Macklin..
So now let me see who the culprit could be.
Pound a few drinks, and now I gotta pee.
Could someone clarify “What the heck was in that whiskey”.
Dr. Brule, Dr. Brule.
diagnose my flow.
Is it ill, in need of pills, will it stop the show?
I don't really care cause I'm a doctor too.
Just sawr a dang stranger and that stranger was you!
Haven't been to Dave &amp; Busters, cool your thrusters.
If you ask, then Haph Mast will smack all you Mother fuckers.
Swimming in the glass lined tanks of old Latrobe.
Get out, dry off, throw on my robe.
It's when I take it off bitches flock me in droves.

With my man Tater Chips, his salty smells hit my nose.
He's locking up the track in case you didn't know.
Back from the dead 2k10 has arose.
Or it seems as he gleams from his head to his toes.
Laying down this track for the mutha lovin' bros.
All the lumber was bought from a place called Lowe's.

Illness in our spit - We got a sick flow.
Just like a bakery - We make a lotta dough.
Our beds are ten feet high - We never lie low.
You keep on coming back- So here's a little mo'.

Lil 2k10.
Word on the street is people got to know.
Why I go by 2k10 YO that was three years ago, bro.
Long story but if you're gonna bitch like krang.
I can rang the dang thang for the gang if you hang, mang.
This tale I will tell in a free flow niche.
To which I got to switch when I get that itch, bitch.
Rolling \- twelve.
patrolling \- 4 broz BLAOW.
'OH SHIT' and then.
I glocked a way out - that's why they call me 2k10.
So if you want to roll with me I only got one rule.
Got to roll with all the broz and pay for the fuel, fool.
You got to get us pabst and you got to pay the bill.
And buy all the meat I'll throw it on the grill.
If the pigs come down on us you'll be taking the heat.
You're a lucky bastard, this deal can't be beat.
But if you give us shit our good will goes down the drain.
End up in Rage-a's backyard six feet under next to Wayne.

Tater Chips.
It's the snack food Jesus coming down from the sky.
Elected President of Hip-Hop High.
Two fucking times and I'm drinking wine.
Hand me the mic, it's my time to shine.
I cast a lyrical spell on your Supreme Clientele.
Like American Idol, I'm hung quite well.
So let's go Pop Pop, and I.
won't stop stop.
If you dip into my wallet, you're gonna get shot.
I don't like Kid Rock or the.
Boston Red Sox.
Let me lift up my fingers and leave you in shock.
As I rock every block from Belize to Bombay.
Putting cream in your grits - Parlez-vous français?
Don't fucking play or you'll wind up dead.
Uhh, Jimmy can't go to school, there's a hole in his head.
Force fed the best rap group of all time.
They use my rhymes as proof of intelligent design.
Let me redefine your definition of truth:.
I saw Sasquatch, I don't need any proof.
Me and Sas smoking grass up in Arkansas.
With the Yeti Girls \- yes,.
it was a blast.
Sucka Slim, 2k10 - tight like Frog and Toad.
My words flow, so start stopping your boots.
Tater Chips coming home with all your looooooot!

