Skeng Man Lyrics
by 67.


Skeng in a four door truck and we're tryna crash it at dem man.
Ever since dem man all I hear is 'Dem Man, Dem Man, Dem Man'.
I got weed man, I get bread man.
And I'll skeng man, don't tempt man.
63 grams in the pack, finesse that then I get a next pack,.

The 357 yeah I grip it.
A 125's what I'm wizzing.
I couldn't give a fuck about prison.
Went jail for some guns now I'm out I'm still wid it.
You see I never listen.
Cos I'm above the law that time got ridden.
And if I see an opp full stop he's finished.
Pull up on Worsopp Drive I'm with some hitters.
No saving, No life support.
That's an instant 'M' if I bang the 4's.
Kicks like a horse.
Scream 67k I'll leave six in yours.
This mash works but I don't know about yours.
But then again these niggas fake so they might be bores.
Now look what these niggas have caused.
Got me out'ere on a rage and I'm not gonna talk.
I've got mad thought, yeah mad thoughts.
Fuck feds, fuck court.
My niggas on a case I hope he do walk.
and if a nigga snitching imma drill him at his front door.
And I won't show no remorse.
Imma load it up and then squeeze more.
I'm mad Liquez from 67.
And these One Fiddy  they don't want war.

Skeng in a four door truck and we're tryna crash it at dem man.
Ever since dem man all I hear is 'Dem Man, Dem Man, Dem Man'.
I got weed man? I get bread man? And I'll skeng man, don't tempt man.
Sixty three grams in the pack I finesse that then I get a next pack,.

Loud bangs no whistle, live corn in the.
corn burn tissue.
Knife works been official, dip a nigga.
up get him soaked like a bizzle.
Red card send him off right now like I just blew the whistle.
Big dum dum's in the gage and it come.
like pickles.
I just got amm from the amm man, And the.
white kicks like Van Dam.
Cuttin' through the city in cabs, I've paid so much fares to the cab man.
Thots wanna bug me on snapchat, Skeng.
vibe got the dotty in the rucksack.
'M' got the 10 see the bulge in the man bag, Twenty five bells plus more you.
can have that.
22 in what Dududu?,Your ting only holds two.
Smoking on Pistol &amp; SQ and I've got enough for the goons.
Look around look around, there's bare real g's in the room.
There's bands in the room.
And skengs in the room.

Skeng in a four door truck and we're tryna crash it at dem man.
Ever since dem man all I hear is 'Dem Man, Dem Man, Dem Man'.
I got weed man? I get bread man? And I'll skeng man, don't tempt man.
Sixty three grams in the pack I finesse that then I get a next pack,.

Roll on your block with the mac turnt up.
Five in the 38 spin, Two bells in that.
gage.
Live corn in my gun so sutten gon' dead up today.
Shooters on the mains broad day if a nigga try add that K.
My nigga red rums in the bando all night whipping that grub.
Got niggas that I roll with daily some niggas call them plugs.
Free up my good friend Skeng opps know he loves his guns.
6 shots from the six shot if a nigga try run them gums.
67 back up to 65 my guys put in work.
These niggas be clean hearted guys, don't know nutten bout dirt.
If a nigga don't stay in his lane that nigga gon' get burst.
Bonez try bun mans skin true say I threw corn first.
674 - 63 me and bronem stay squeezing.
Better hope your mash don't jam, Bare.
ping ping like a BB.
If a man see me, move mad greezy don't go home and tweet me.
Ain't got no CV's them boys neeky 8 gon'.
spin like a CD.

Six shots in that spin spin and it's live.
Put the skeng in my coat pocket then ride.
Free M-Skeng I can't wait till he's outside.
Still on my knife work chef him up with that rambo.
Free Jango, feds got manaman doing time in the can tho.
Them man soon gon' dead up, name them man as a pack tho.
My nigga MA ain't ever gonna stop crashing corn on the back road.
I fly OT and I get that crack sold.
I got a mad case but I'm still pushing bujj.
Skeng in a 4 door truck leave mans forehead buss.
Opp niggers act on the net they ain't tryna ride on us.
Opp niggers act on the net they ain't tryna ride on us.

I see a boy run with his mash, I see a boy run with his jooka.

Don't talk about mashes, we've lost about ten I know about cookers.
Pulled up on the drive,YG with the mash.
that's Giant Abdullah.
My little nigga spent 2 racks on his grills when he could of spent that on a.
gun.
Rolling wid 'M'and this mack and I swear that shit sound like a drum.
My mans a prick ur brother a snitch and I put that shit on my mum.
Move more than a box a day I've got a good line don't talk about funds.
Last time I saw you I had the Mac I should of blew your heart out your.
back.
My cousin Trap got bagged for a shooting and all now he ain't been back.
They're like 67 ain't on shit I'm like yeah yeah I hear all of that.
Till I pull up wid SJ and they jump out the Volvo and they let that shit.
crash.
Run a boy down like I'm SQ, Hit him in his back and his chest too, Smoking on.
pistol and SQ and I've got enough for the crew.
Run a boy down like I'm SQ, Hit him in his back and his chest too, Smoking on.
pistol and SQ and I've got enough for the crew.

Skeng in a four door truck and we're tryna crash it at dem man.
Ever since dem man all I hear is 'Dem Man, Dem Man, Dem Man'.
I got weed man? I get bread man? And I'll skeng man, don't tempt man.
Sixty three grams in the pack I finesse that then I get a next pack,.

