Skip to the End Lyrics
by 57 Pixels.

Percy.
We going in.

57 Pixels.

Yeah, your girl in the Pampers.
Ha, I'm the shit, uh....
I work anything that I want to.
This is what I'm going do.
Yeah, your bitch bad but I tell her I don't want chu.
Flyer than a mo'fucka, yeah I'm a mo'fucka.
Fuck a nigga mother, now you can call me mo'fucka.
That just how I flow, nigga.
I go that 5-0-4, nigga.
I'm the realest, yeah fasho, nigga.
I'm something you should know, nigga.
So catch it boy, I'm the wood chop in this bitch.
And I'm fly head to toe, all my clothes it stitched.
I wait, I got it uh....
Grip work, rocket uh....
New Orleans, nigga in this bitch.
Wait, woah Kemosabe every balling is my hobby.
I fuck yo ho up in the lobby.
No that's fucking that I gotta do, this what I do, chill with my crew.
That 5-0-4, I'm from the boot and I will put Buddha's boot in you.
That's how I fucking rise, I'm on that cruise ship, I do shit.
Got yo ho sucking my dick fast like she work with two lips.
Wait, nah I mean two pair, this is how I do dare.
No niggas I don't do share, but don't fuck around when I do dare.
Like, A B see bitch? I'm a motherfucking monster you can't C D E.
Wait, I am an effin' G so fuck wrong what you say, nigga.
This is how I play, nigga.
That K-Bang fuck around get k-slang.
Yo wey hang, fuck around with New Orleans, nigga ain't no slay-ang.
Like Jack Daniels, no... or Captain Jack Sparrows.
I chill with Julian, you know how we just shoot them arrows.
Like, X-Men, you can be an X-Men.
Kill you, Fuck your girl then go and fuck her ex-friend.
Yeah I'm in that Benz, mo'fucka how I get it you know biggest.
New Orleans nigga, wrap you up just like Christmas.
I'm gone.

I'm gone, far long and faded.
I got pictures of your girl naked.
She's fake and celebratin'.
That the number of dicks that been in her has reached three digits.
Get wid it, Percy and 57 P hit it like 9/11.
You're not worthy, so I suggest you just quit like bad shelving.
Kill your ass out in the country; Blake Shelton.
I don't shoot bullets, bitch I break shells in.
This is not a collaboration.
It's blastin' mags in gas stations.
Lighting fags with cash in it.
You're in last but I ain't bitch.
Your face is where I'm aiming.
More brain than from a lady.
Four games; all payment.
Score dames like Matt Damon.
No shame, yeah I'm flaming.
Not gay, I'm only playing.
I'm done like I came bitch.
This song you'll be blaring.
This is hot shit, lots of mosh pits.
When the fall hits, heheh I'm a stop it.
Rapping long is the thing I'm wanting.
And when I'm done with this beat, Tyga will be the king of nothing.

