Sky Is The Limit Part II Lyrics
by Swych.

Sample from The Notorious B.I.G.'s Sky Is The Limit.

Yeah! Uh.
Young dude with a few things going for him.
Couple haters grillin', they ain't no George Foreman.
They ain't no one with that kind of money.
Must admit for some broke jokers you act kind of funny about a.
Little boy in a big world with bigger dreams.
Who's visions reach infinity when the kid asleep.
Want my name set in stone as the best there be.
'Till my name set in stone with a rest in peace....

I'd like to take this moment right here to say rest in peace Jason Glass.
I got you man, F2D forever....
Alright, uh yeah, haha, eww!

Perseverant, but they don't want to hear it.
The hate is motivation, I put it in my lyrics.
And it was all a dream! Listenin' to Biggie.
The sky is the limit, they trying to give me a ceiling.
I'm trying to hop in that drop top 'ghini banging that Weezy.
And blow up like a C4, before I die.
I'ma cop my momma a ride.
I know I can get that Naserati.
Why I keep talking about whips? I belong in the clouds.
And I'ma bring up everybody holding me down.
That's that F2D until I'm up there with Jay.
Let my dreams grow wings, up, up &amp; away.
If the limit is the sky, I'ma fly, G5.
And as long as I'm alive, my dreams'll never die.
Facing all challengers, breaking all barriers.
So that's why I'll never give up like Rick Astley and I'm!

High School Musical Sample with Swych Ad Libs.
We're soaring.
We're flying.
There's not a star in heaven that we can't reach.
If we're trying.
Yeah, we're breaking free.

If I make my way in, I promise I'ma bring my brothers!

A little boy in a big world with bigger dreams.
Thoughts of suicidal doors, head full of them Biggie dreams.
Head up on some Pac swag, not ready to die yet.
I'm grinding until I'm tired riding out until my tires flat.
I'm guessing they don't get the message.
It's like I got dreams but they don't want to watch Inception.
The concept is boring to them, so they ignore it.
They don't really see no images when they be snoring.
But see I got that drive, pedal to the floor and.
I got that engine roaring, whip so fly that I'm soaring.
I ain't ordinary, I'm trying to be a legend not.
John though, or a John Doe, in the second slot!
And if I ever fall off my cloud I'ma belly flop.
And if the proof is in the pudding, I'm a jell-o shot!
Happy New Year, I'm the truth yeah!

I've taken so much verbal beatings.
Now I'm silencing them all like cell phones in a meeting.
And you might get yourself a buzz.

I heard you spend up to one third of your life sleeping.
That means you spend up to one third of you life dreaming.
Spend enough of it reaching and one day you'll be seeing.
The first step is being your own religion.
Believe in yourself.
Laughs.
Swych... I was going to say something after that, what was I going to say, oh.
yeah....
Eww!
I'ma make it, I promise.
I'ma do it, I got this....

