Smooth Flows Lyrics
by Uno Hype.


PA Philly in this mutha fucka.
Autograph signing young blunt puffer.
Hoes stay on my back thy can't fuck wit us.
Roll weed if I don't have enough liquor.
I am the young prince of the city no matter.
Where I go its Philadelphia in me.
They tried to steal my flow but I been here.
In all hoods they all good the shits clear.
I'm next up what's up haters.
I be shreddin like I'm getting too much paper playin with the words.
From the hood all my niggas playin with the burbs.
It ain't about what come free its all the shit you earn.
And right now it's my time homie wait yo turn.
All sour like usher high let it burn.
Key stone state of mind niggas better learn.
I'm sick and these hoes tryna catch my germs.

Let the hi hats hit and the sample flip.
Deliver the smooth flows they demanded it.
Order my hot shit can't handle it.
Them fools tryna sack me g I'm scrambling.
Check the work that I'm handin in.
Thoroughbred with the blood of a champion.
He the next comin, can't be him.
His whole crew rugged, can't be them.
Must got homes confused with somebody else.
Lack of guidance seekin somebody help.
But I'm just releasing pain that my body felt.
Dealin with the cards I was dealt and the hearts have melt.
No telling what I'm plottin next.
Goin past broads with the first step.
Broads wanna kick it no time to relapse.
And the lies I see past.
Never move a muscle if I don't see cash, yeah.

Reaching the worlds ear with a couple quotes.
I'm so poetic never fallin even on a slope.
They doubted couldn't change me kept my vision clear.
Stayed close to the main people whose really there.
Kept my ear to the streets away from violence.
Used to stay in silence now its time to bring out all my goblins.
Ready for whatever I pictured it all.
At the top how could I fall I seen it all.
We racin to the finish could you catch up.
Losin ya mind tryna figure where you messed up.
We crept up my presence is a present so they blessed us.
Too much pride just to let up or give up.
My dreams too big so I explore it.
Never forced it I just always use my sources.
Headed for the fame but not satisfied yet.
Cuz all the people you meet are the ones you'll forget.

