Snipe Lyrics
by Ruga.


This is Ruga, tell everyone.
Imma take the cake, you can have the crumbs.
I heard your shit and I threw up.
Like in the club with Coke and rum.
And everyday when I wake up.
I don't go out till 1.
I'm busy getting caked up.
Cause really, I don't give a fuck.
While you were sleeping, I was balling.
While you had longing, I was performing.
Get out the studio on this morning.
I don't know you so keep walking.
And these people, they keep talking.
But they don't think with their own brain.
And you keep rapping and you keep bragging.
But nothing happens, oh what a shame.
Oh what a view from this plane.
Look what I do to figure out the game.
After all I've done, all I've been through.
And that's a vehicle, it's that simple.
Never in the mood unless you roll that shit.
I might be inadequate but better than average.

While I get this pay, I've been staying up late nights.
Tryna find a way, gotta pray just to stay right.
Snipe, snipe ...all these rappers multiply.
They don't wanna feel me on the trigger going snipe, snipe.

Kaine here, never been the same.
Drove it here, parked the range.
My 3 drive like 808s.
Then creep slow like sliding bass.
Ruga gon' kill it, the set is gon' kill it.
We all getting skrilla, we all getting paid.
Scheming never been this easy.
I'm locking my safe and I'm hiding away.
This that real shit, no sleep shit.
I'm going in like cheese dip.
My bitch weak, I leave shit.
Ain't got time for these these Cheese Nips.
A hustler, voice is illustrious.
Fucking with wolves and I'll give you the rougher wrist.
We are not equal, I swear ya'll be bluffing and shit.
And the read through is so unbecoming and shit.
Like where were you when I was struggling?
Said where were you when I was hustling?
Assassin's Creed fleece and my jeans.
Timbo B's on my feet, Varce C be the team.
Watch us scheme, ah.

While I get this pay, I've been staying up late nights.
Tryna find a way, gotta pray just to stay right.
Snipe, snipe ...all these rappers multiply.
They don't wanna feel me on the trigger going snipe, snipe.
X2.

