So Fly Lyrics
by Swishahouse.


That'S, what it is yeah 
Love at first sight, Young Don/P. Wall 
It - is what it is: hey check, it-check it 
, 
Lil', Keke 
She had big bubble eyes and skin like peanut butter. 
Even, though I hear boys talk, I still love her. 
First time we met was like a dream. Come true, 
Cause these niggas on the streets; ain't seen nothing like you, 
Was a redhead sunshine fresh from California. 
Boys went to tripping when I put that candy on ya. 
Still got your back got that iron, it's whatever 
Jackers stay hating. They can't stand. We together, 
Baby wan na creep, even though I'm fo' deep 
Cause. She shine like new money when her body hit the heat. 
Done had plenty women but you're. Still my wife 
From the 80's through the 90's, been the love of my life, 
Now ya, hips swanging, wide body banging 
You're parking lot pimping. When we at the club hanging 
Strip was on fire, they was loving, you mayn, 
And everytime. I see you girl, it's just a beautiful thang, yeah, 
 
You look so fly 
I love the way you feel inside 
It's, just something bout. The way you move 
All eyes on me. Whenever I'm with you 
 
Paul Wall 
Yeah, my woman got a grill but she's. Oh so classy 
When she strutting down the block. She look. Oh so sassy 
She, look good in them. High heels them 24's look fly 
She likes to shine them neon lights. When she be waving goodbye 
Whenever. I turn her on and start warming her up. 
I. Take my time and move slow until she ready to cut 
And. Sometimes I run her hot, so I just take her back home 
And put her up for a while give her some time on her own 
I, like my girls, a lil' thick. That big body is great. 
I must admit that I'm in love with that wide load shape 
And yeah, she's high maintenance. Every week going in the shop 
Either getting some'ing waxed or just fixing her locks, 
I'm riding with her acting bad making everybody jealous 
She get mad at me when I be hanging out with the fellas 
I hear these new schoolers hating, but they just don't understand. 
Them foreign chicks can't do it like my old school. Can man 
 
Archie Lee 
I like to keep my girl looking clean 
Look how she shine when we floss ain't she really clean 
She like nice shit, so she keep me spending cream 
From the front to the back. She a mean machine 
She like to make a lot of noise when we be on the block 
Sometime the neighbors get mad and they call the cops 
I. Don'T trust boys cause they might try to snatch her 
My baby mama got jealous and she tried to scratch. Her 
She got my name on her back. It reads: Archie's Bitch, 
And I'll, hurt you. If you try to take Archie's shit, 
I still remember when you had to get that operation, 
You came out with six TVs' and a Playstation 
I might let a nigga ride, but don't slam my do', 
And I'ma put you out, you put them ashes on my flo' 
I think we look so fly when we ride together. 
I swear to God. I wish that we could ride forever-ride forever. 
 
