So Many Beats
by Swych.

Beat 1.
Guess who's back with a brand new rap.
Bars over your head, even Ash couldn't catch.
Got a sack full of cash, satchel in fact.
I throw it over my shoulder, Zach Galifianak'.
Put Swych Little on the track.
Wreck-it Ralph every record from the scratch to the back.
Blowing up, all these dynamite gals I attract.
You know I Mike Tyson the box, Little Mac.

Beat 2.
That's Punch-Out.
but I stay punched in.
Always on my job, no breaks for luncheon.
My breaks is broke until my cake is rose-en.
Because the stakes is rose-en, your steaks is frozen.
No TV dinners no more you heard me?
I done came up, now I'm eating more than Kirby.
And my chef Raekwon from the Wu-Tang Clan.
Alright I'm lying but this food ain't for no children man.
These big boy plates, this big boy food.
Need a acid-proof bib for my big boy drool.
Because you know the boy spit like the big boys do.
But I'm Swych Little, I just make big boy moves G.

Beat 3.
Yeah, and it's bananas how I keep 'em.
All going ape sh- vine swinging like Sharkeisha.
Trying to get cream like 112 peaches.
Until the day that Hov say I'm better like the beach is.
Speaking the truth, church, Jesus, Pope.
He is dope, preacher's quote.
Honey's in the drop with some money in her top.
Singing this is why, this is why I'm hot.

Beat 4.
While I'm sitting in the passenger, whip old as 2 Chainz.
Laughing while I'm passing ya, blue on your moodrang.
Shawty why you mad fuh? Probably because I do thangs.
And I'm in a new thang chilling with your boo thang.
Sober but I'm in the zone like a Sonic level.
Blowing green and sipping purple don't it look like Donatello.
What's better than a young fella touch cheddar.
And blowing it all away while I'm sipping a grape Fanta.
And my girl is a great dancer....
And I got her from the pole to my lap like a young Santa, ya chance is.
Looking real slim, could you please stand up?
Ha, and exit the premisis.
I'm a stay true through death to the end of it.
I like a bad girl with a arch like a nemesis.
Or a dope shorty in my arms like some heroine.

Beat 5.
Gon' turn the Young Jeezy higher.
While I'm playing Smash Bros. spamming PK Fire.
Finna have a great day I'm feeling flyer than Petrie.
And the flow nicer than it is to meet me.
Encantado, encantado.
No sabes me llamo? Yo soy Swych, vamos.
Stop acting like you bound to Earth.
Because you fly as hell and you been down since birth, uh.

Beat 6.
Word to mother,.
chronologically speaking.
I'm so ahead of my time that my father is just a fetus.
I'm so ahead of my time it's like I invented rewind.
And I'm on a island dodging the IRS with some dons.
Because this is my money, not our money.
Keep c-notes stacked like harmonies.
I said this is my money, my money!

Beat 7.
It's my turn like a RPG.
Got me blowing up just like a RPG.
Used to play them beats up the car three deep.
Leaned back in a seat spitting raps with my peeps man.
Y'know, my circle's like the 70's show.
Since you can't see we elevating, I'm just letting you know.
I'm just letting you know.
You can tighten up a valve but you can't mess with the flow.
I'm like a wrench in your pipes, I'm the best with the flow.
Make your girl have a cardiac arrest with the flow.
I spit holy water I was blessed with the flow.
I mean I spit like I ain't have Mex'can befo'.

Beat 8.
This is hot paper rapping, all-up-in-yo playlist.
View from the top got your boy going trail mix.
My heart been frozen since I stopped messing with Erica.
So if my life's a movie it's #1 in America.
I'm trying to blow up like Michael Bay's the director.
Thor flow get a ass-guard when I kick it.
I'm not low-key the boy is back with a vengeance.
Dark world and I'm looking for Princess Zelda.
Like I'm linking up with Robin Williams' daughter.
Kill and slaughter competition, million bodies on my conscious.
I want Ariana Grande face on top Beyonce body.
With Nicki Minaj's derri' to rendezvous and massage me.
Long day, long to do list, long dough.
Because I'll be damned my tombstone say John Doe.
Hardcore hard-goer how I hard-go.
Gohan Father-Son Kamehameha flow.
I'm trying to make the right chord out the wrong note.
Because you never know how much time is left in the song yo.
Or where the time comes from or where the bars go!

