Somebody's Gotta Lyrics
by Zuby.


They don't know about me.

Chyeeea! Running and I pass em gunning and I blast em.
Ripping them tracks up flipping em back but.
Not looking back but seeing what happened.
Not selling crack but rapping to the masses.

Sun up to sundown bro put your gun down.
You ain't gotta dump now people having fun now.
People getting drunk now pro'lly gonna front now.
This is gonna pump now Zuby's gonna bump loud.

Life is a struggle rap is a hustle.
Try is a must though, strive and I must blow.
Slack and I slow up, rap and I flow up.
Right when I blow up, plaques when I grow up.

Uh, uh, somebody's gotta win, yeah, yeah somebody's gotta lose.
People hoping that I make it so I'm staying dedicated.
Love my people always say it close to me we're so related.
Ha ha somebody's gotta man, uh uh somebody's gotta.
Moving up I'm almost famous now they knowing what my name is.
Breaking walls and flipping pages when they call I'm ripping stages.

Every line I spit I'm breaking it down.
Making mad hits I'm taping it now.
Rackin' up pounds and I'm taking this crown.
Cause the boy does rounds 'til I'm running this town.

Your style is repetitive violent and negative.
Mindless rhymeless flow like a sedative.
Mine is a medicine rhyme like a veteran.
Mind is timeless neural adrenaline.

Call me caps lock cause my words stay big.
No I'm not hot cause I earn like big.
But know I'm that hot cause I burn like cigs.

Half the time what you're looking for is up in your face.
Half the rhymes with the metaphors never be traced.
Pass a bit like a semaphore, slick like a matador.
Grind tight limelight aim for a better score.

Yeah, somebody's gotta man, yeah somebody's gotta.
People hoping that I make it so I'm staying dedicated.
Love my people always say it close to me we're so related.
Ha ha! Somebody's gotta man, uh, yeah somebody's gotta.
Moving up I'm almost famous now they knowing what my name is.
Breaking walls and flipping pages when they call I'm ripping stages.

Chyeeea! Jump off stage reach into the crowd.
Deep like rave it's feeling so loud.
And it's so hazy and I see ladies.
And they see me and they all go crazy.

Getting respect and doing fast.
Put it on deck and put it on blast.
Hand elevation fans in elation.
Had to come back and it's a standing ovation.

Chyeeea! Yeah yeah somebody's gotta win, uh, yeah somebody's gotta lose.
People hoping that I make it so I'm staying dedicated.
Love my people always say it close to me we're so related.
Yeah, ha ha! Somebody's gotta, ha, yeah somebody's gotta!
Moving up I'm almost famous now they knowing what my name is.
Breaking walls and flipping pages when they call I'm ripping stages.

