Song for the Dead Lyrics
by Swordplay.

Have another Birthday today.
Radioactive birthday cake can be dangerous.
And as long as I'm alive I'm a be okay with this headline.
“Straight A Worker Bee Academic Clown Type.
Figure Role Model Finally pulled the plug”.
Come grab a gravity bong and a hotel bible.
Complimentary footprints on your way out that door.
Shit eating grin on your face and your airplane is falling.
Out of the ozone into the outskirts of remote outer space.
Picture me in a life vest with the caption.
I am a drowning accident just waiting to happen.
At my best in a nascent stage of death.
Epitaph broadcasting transistor radio trapped in my chest.
So sing a song for the dead.
And do not do not allow your self to malfunction.
Maybe it's all in your head.
Would you beat back that bad bone fragment upon drum skin?
No I don't have the time of day.
I don't even have an I.D.
Probably got a cigarette, a phone bill.
Maybe a wallet, losing lottery tickets.
And pennies stuck in my pocket.

The television at home is in tact.
Clip off the antennas but the limbs have been known to grow back.
Turn on that bad news and try to relax.
Kick off the shoes and go overreact to the same old scenario.
Reality TV type Japanese Game Show.
No reports of a Double Rainbow.
Interrupted by the Tsunami.
Tokyo CNN American men sitting in and thinking bombing.
I'm carving a halo.
I made out of cardboard.
I got a telescope that I made out of play-dough.
I point it at the heavens.
I'm notating in crayon.
See I am certainly no Galileo.
Whoa Naw Another death sentence.
Thank God I got an anti-clerical comeback.
Show me the contract.
I'm ready for warfare.
A friend of the night time don't have any health care.
And at New Year's.
I resolved to be brave.
And I've been excited for 2012.
I'm a do my best now to behave.
Remain in the shadows and carefully line up each one of my dominoes in the.
snow.
Adamantly add another cadaver to the equation and then clench fists.
Abracadabra you're somebody else's hallucination now.
Who doesn't exist?
A 3D-image stretched like fabric.
At your best a visible pulsation.
My make and model is a mostly ape-like throwback recreation.
I'm an organism in decay.
Defined by my personal taste and geographical location.
Now shout outs to the Appalachians I'll explain…
I really like apples.
And I'm down with moonshine.
But I'm not a Christian.
And I don't hate China quite yet.
Not that I'm not afraid of em.
Remember I'm ready for warfare.
Remember to be brave.
All we want is that special laissez-faire type of bliss.
Or someone to show us that we exist.
Or someone to miss.
Or someone pretty by the death bed with a last kiss.
Or someone on your birthday.
No, I don't want no hologram.
Even if it's better than no friends.
Or better than no family…
Because I heard that there may be some bad news coming along up on the horizon.
If memory serves, they'll all be gone.
Miles away! Say they won't be back.
Hope you have a nice day.
Know it'll be okay.
And from time to time, time takes your loved ones away.
So sing a song for the dead.
And do not do not allow yourself to malfunction.
Maybe it's all in your head and existence is a mighty fine human assumption.
Sing a song for the dead.
And do not do not allow your self to mal to malfunction.

