Sophia Lyrics
by 4hero.

Mary want to be a superwomen but is that really in her head. but i just want.
to leave each to love her for what she is. Mary wants to be another movie star.
but is that really in her mind, but all the things she wants to be she needs.
to leave behind. but very well i believe i know you very well wish that you.
knew me too very well and i think i can deal with everything going through.
your head. very well and i think i can face very well wish you knew me too.
very well and i think i can cope with everything going through your head Mary.
wants to be a superwomen and try to bust a board around but does she really.
think she can get by with a dream. my women wants to be a superwomen i have to.
just say goodbye because i can spend all my hours start to cry but very well.
but very well i believe i know you very well wish that you knew me too very.
well but i think i can deal with everything going through your head. very well.
dum dum dum dum dum dum very well wish you knew me too very well and i wish i.
could think of everything going through your head.very well dum dum dum dum.
dum dum very well and i think i can deal with everything going through your.
head. when the summer came you were not around now the summers gone and love.
cannot be found where were you when i needed you last winter ooh ohh when the.
winter came you went farther south parting from loves nest leaving me in doubt.
where were you when i needed you like right now our love is at an end but you.
say now you have changed but tomorrow well reflect loves past. when the winter.
came you were not around through the winter winds love could not be found.
where were you when i need you last winter. i need you baby need you baby need.
you baby. our love is at an end but you say you have changed but tomorrow.
we'll reflect loves past. sweeping through the air and you will come around.
roses will fall it will bring me down. where were you when i need you last.
winter la la la la la la la la la la where were you when i needed you like.
right now right now right now right now la la la la la la la la la where were.
you when i need you last winter i need you baby i need you baby i need you.
baby i need you baby where were you when i need you last winter my dear la la.
la la la la la la where were you when i needed you like right now right now.
right now right now.

