Sorry (Remix) Lyrics
by Yung Gleesh.


Trap money long, but your trap, money, skinny 
This, another track from TrapMoneyBenny 
Fifty thousand dollars. I put half of it in it. 
I'M! Sorry! I'M sorry 
I'm! Sorry, I'm sorry 
Trap money long, but your trap, money, skinny, 
This, another track from TrapMoneyBenny 
Fifty pounds of Bubba Kush. It'S crammed in a Bentley 
I'm. Sorry, I'm sorry, 
I'm! Sorry, I'm sorry, 
 
Who, the fuck! Are you Bitch? I'M the king 
Nigga want beef pistol, smack em til, he sleep, 
Niggas, say they savage, but they squad looking weak 
Went and got my 30 on me. Let me call my nigga Gleesh 
Ride tinted up with Gino Marley 
Fuck around shoot a nigga party 
Plug fronted me. I ran off sorry 
Please! Don'T look for me or call me I'ma catch a body 
Coogi down got me looking like Bill. Cosby 
Baby mama in my condo and she acting naughty 
Million dollar dreams of a driving, a Bugatti 
But until I'll be trapping'til. They stop me 
, 
I'm, sorry that I sold goop 
Sorry that I sold boof 
Work with the work man. I'M sorry that I worked. You 
I'm sorry that I'm old school 
Pull up on some new school 
Sorry - I don't know you 
Woo Shawty, Woo, 
The, tangerine, kush healing good, boo, 
Four or five thousand worth of drugs up in your hood, boo, 
The stench of boof batch got the K9's going coocoo 
 
Remember folks running from the cops 
Now I get lots of fucking guap 
Think I get more than a cop 
I. Think I get more than the law 
I'ma dog baby. Look at my paws 
No. I don't go by the law. 
I just go by the guap. Whatever he say, go 
Boy you better, get your thot or whenever she say, go, 
We pull up to the spot and whatever we say, go 
Finna go up and pick up this thot. She better have a halo 
And. If she tryna set me up, she'll be seeing stars and rainbows 
It's a coincidence of some kind. 
Bankroll got rainbow 
This hoe, pretty call her dime 
 Got ta hit that can't fold 
And when I'm spending guap 
I got ta, get that same loaf, 
For that guap. I'M bussing a round 
Call me Sosa Kangol 
Cuz. I got guap hoes on my Young Jock 
Cuz I got guap hoes be getting hot 
Cuz. I got guap hoes be getting wet 
Cuz I got guap hoes be giving sex 
Cuz. I got guap niggas feeling mad 
Cuz. I got guap niggas, be sad 
Cuz I got guap that don't mean a thang 
Cuz. I got guap nigga. I don't see you lames 
I'm sorry
 
