Souljas Lyrics
by 504 Boys.

Anyone contesting Tha Dogg Pound, guaranteed instant death - RBX.

Snoop Dogg.
It's them Dogg House niggas wit' them 504 Boyz.
We the real McCoys with the plastic toys.
Pop, pop.
Grab the Glock, cock the motherfucker.
No Limit niggas, we can't be stopped.
Did you hear me?
Ya heard me.
Record breakin'.
Hit makin'.
Can't bake 'em.
Real estatin'.
Never hatin'.
Shakin' up the game, bringin' the major pain.
Yea nigga, we all in the same game.
We enlighten, ignitin, never fightin'.
And we got them motherfuckers bitin'.
You fuck wit' P, you fuckin' wit' me.
You fuck wit Silkk, you fuckin' wit' me.
You fuck wit' D, you fuckin' wit' me.
Nigga what, that's my whole family.

What, you bitches goin' to war now.
No Limit got this rap shit on lockdown.
Wild out, bitch niggas when we come through.
I hope you wear a vest, souljas touchin' you.
I'm bustin' you.

Master P.
I'm on the run, I head west wit' the dogs.
504, that means ball til' u fall.
I ain't bout' no playin' nigga, it's on and poppin'.
You either workin' wit' those boys, or you out ther shortstoppin'.
Now keep you eyes on the prize nigga, don't fuck wit' the hoes.
Cuz you see at night in the bricks nigga, anything goes.
Now you can bulletproof you chest, and they'll bust your head.
NIgga you scared to pop, then you could get an early grave.
Cuz, one time don't worry me.
I'm a third ward nigga til' they bury me.
Two times nigga, shut it down.
It's No Limit, we it on lock wit' the pound.

Krazy.
Fresh out the courthouse, fuck the world, I'm finally free.
Ask them bitch niggas who snitch, is they ready for me.
My proverbs to the tank, believe I love it.
Since that Bout' It Bout' It album, I was dreamin' of it.
Ride wit' me, through the south, as I cruise through Texas.
A young soldier, wit' about a hundred grand in my Lexus.
On my way from Houston, after I scored the coke.
I rather, step to jail than my family be broke.
But I owe five hours, I can barely breathe.
Please lord forgive me for my sins, I got kids to feed.
Ain't no nigga in the Iberville givin' me shit.
They went from trick to a bitch and buy that ho a fit.
But my souljas, before it's over off top.
Before I'm sayin' to my dogs everytime the dope is chopped.
Feel that, my niggas will ride wit' me.
Snoop and Master P said that they'll die for me.

