Spaced Out Introduction Lyrics
by Aziz.

I'm always plotting on my future.
But I never seem to calculate it perfect.
An Insomniac working, if you Think I'm nice now, son I barely scratched the.
surface.

Aiming higher than Aziz Ansari in your Google searches.
I'm always on the move and You never move with purpose.
We always move as a unit like the waves when you surfing.
I was made to spit rhymes, no rehearsal in the circle.
With the homie color purple, Family matters like urkel.
The Program is Lions, really no lambs.
Nasty when I kick it like toe jam.
Chilling getting lifted with the brohams.
My man toked the sour now he hasn't spoke for hours.
My whole sound is refreshing like you took the coldest shower.
Devoting doctors hours every week for the power.
I don't need to eat if I got beats to devour.
I be losing track of time in the booth to tell the truth.
I been awake many nights to give this present to you.
A 90 baby no buts, ifs, or maybes.
We got cell phones in exchange for our pagers.
When colleges were the only place that had facebook.
Recapturing the time that my old workplace took.

Chris Paul dime, I'm such a great look.
Some food for thought, heres a meal that you can't cook.
A flow you can't mimic, just a page out my rhyme book.
I rip it out at the seam unevenly.
A couple words cutoff, but fuck it.

Me and the paper are in the clash of titans, Don't ask whos fightin.
Girls love me the way I am so beauty sleep im sacrificing.
Bring the beat to life then I drop it and collapse it lifeless.
Let you squares roll out like a pack of dices.
All you copycats who have to bite this, have to cite this.
And put this in your reports, maintain a repoir.
Tryna steal my words and claim them as yours.
I want XXL and front page of the Source.
This shit give you the chills all through your veins and ya pours.
Things are different the scenes is changing up more.
Things are not the same as before.
But you know A is the same and when he came in the door.
Hungry nigga scooping up change off the floor.
And staying away from dangerous whores.
Eatin humble pie is my favorite course.
So you can check your fame at the door.
Cause I don't get starstruck.
Some of the biggest stars really need to get their bars up.
They really need to get their bars up.
Light.
You talkin bout swagger but your music still chips.
Just acting, niggas Will Smith.

Yeah, it's Daydreams of a Spaceshot.
This is Aziz man, if you didn't know by now. You spell that A-Z-I-Z.

But onto the album, you can call it a mixtape if you feel like that.
Shouts to SKetcho.

Jengsala man, 3-D, Light.

