Space Age Lyrics
by Ty Infinite.


Yeah purple in my cup purple in blunt 
Yeah, I plan on turning up turning up in the suburban cut 
Then I'll hit the club lit the bud lifting up 
And. I got a lot of drugs sayin. What the fuck is up, 
I'm, drunk and trying to fuck. Afterwards, I'm throwing up 
Then afterwards, I'm rolling up rolling up another one 
Hit, the bong pills in palm pop them all 
All fucked up, I'm in my zone, 
Mom calling as I off my phone 
And. I ain't never going home 
So. Why don't you fuck off and leave me alone? 
You are just wasting your time. 
Cause. My decisions are my own 
I'm. Getting wasted. I'M grown 
Don't. Try to chase me. I'M gone 
If the police. Try to race me. It'S on 
On foot cause apparently for a car. I'M too young 
Plot twist. I tell it true 
Want to talk shit Well, who the fuck are you 
It's? A moshpit could give a fuck for you, 
Might be nonsense, but it's something to do. 
And uh ,'Don't, give a fuck'. Is the attitude 
Like when authorities are mad at you, 
I'm a radical like the anthem, yo 
And, all this hooligan shit. I just have to do 
 
This, how it go 
Purple in my cup purple in my blunt 
Yeah, I'm kicking it and turning up 
Turning up in the suburban cut 
Trying to find some butt hit, the cunt. It'S a must 
And. I got a lot of bud trying to light the fuck up 
Hellbent on selling drugs cause. I need to sneak enough. 
To live in lux, I lust a million fucks to bust 
My. Luck is running low for once. 
So I'ma smoke my night away, 
Get fucked up all I want I'm done 
And, I ain't. Never getting in 
So. These police can go the fuck away. 
They are just wasting they time. 
Cause. This shit is my forte 
Take notes. My way it goes 
And. These haters is made to blow 
My big dick bone and balls. It all 
Then get killed, quick like civilians in a mall 
I'm, a mass murder back-turner walk away like it's nothing 
Facts you heard of, But actually I'm past the dirt 
I passed the herb. I went straight to the Hennessy plainly 
At, the bottom of the bottle, feeling spacey Spacehead 
And, simply drawn to the life that I'm living in the Space Age
 
