Special Ed Lyrics
by 415 fossas.


All of the retard strength, those kids cannot be trained, so we will got to a
great length to make sure all the retards are chained, 
 
I'm sitting in the school bathroom trying to take a pee, 
, 
Mentally handicapped. Kid comes in next to me and starts staring at my wee wee 
, 
I, say bitch back the fuck off take a pic if you like it. 
 
He uses retard rage to life me off the ground and start licking. My tit 
 
I, scream in pain and horror, but nobody came 
 
He, threw me into the stall .... My butt hole would never be the same. 
 
I tried to tell Mrs. Jee what that fucking vegetable did to my ass 
 
But. Nobody believed he could be so evil cuz. He was in the retard class 
 
So 7th period. I pulled out my fucking sharpened pencil and headed to room
twenty seven 
 
Walked in and stabbed the jugular of that retarded rapist, Kevin 
 
Raped, Mrs. Jee. Then I cut her throat too 
 
The, other kids in class started to shriek, so I made them eat glue, 
, 
No, more arts and crafts time to live in the real world. 
 
Guess glue, don't taste so good when swallowed cuz just about every one of them
hurled 
 
I felt my work was done, so I went back to study hall, 
 
But I'll, never forget what happened in that bathroom stall, 
 
All of the retard strength. Those kids cannot be trained, so we will got to a
great length to make sure all the retards are chained. 
 
My retard encounter was in high school in the bathroom 
 
They were all at urinals, with their pants and underwear all the way. To
Ankles 
 
Old cravings came up.. I felt a sudden sense of doom 
 
Looked under a stall but didn't see Mrs. Jee's cankles 
 
Ran to the door and switched the latch to make it locked, 
 
Needless. To say one of these retards were about to get cocked 
 
Started getting hard. Looking at that firm, retarded butt, 
 
Looked around no teacher to protect em, I had to get my nut. 
 
I turned that vegetable virgin into a slippery slut 
 
Looked at his little penis and realized it was uncut 
 
Started, throwing up all over the poor. Little saps 
 
Snapped back to my senses and realized I had another relapse. 
 
I had to hide what happened. I couldn't go back to jail, 
 
Contemplated my situation and came up with a plan that couldn't fail. 
 
Couldn't ruin my career cuz. I knew I would be a great rapper, 
 
So, I chopped up all their bodies and I flushed them down the crapper 
 
All of the retard strength. Those kids cannot be trained, so we will got to a
great length to make sure all the retards are chained. 
 
Epilogue 
, 
That nigga Jay G thought he was hot shit and hard, but inside he is soft just
liek a Rolo 
 
Gay G thought he was hot shit and but turns out. I just had gas 
 
That hot shit got real cold when he finally got dumped out of my ass .
 
Gay G thinks he can write, but I'm the reason 415 was the best 
 
He thought he was old enough to leave home, but now he wishes. He was back on
momma's. Breast 
 
Gay G is fucking retarded, so I guess its good. We got rid him. 
 
Call up Mrs. Jee's short bus, so Gay G can get on and ride wit, em, ... 
 
