Sphinx Royal Lyrics
by Tyler Major.


Dramatic huh, you're looking at the young and the restless.
We're killin you, bullets to the chest and you're vestless test us.
Guranteed I'll pass with a surplus we brought an extra man with the clan to.
the circus.
Front row seats so you know we spent dinero.
Top notch beats like ham tv.
No heroes.
All villains all winners.
Even when I stop still movin like car spinners.
Bitch thats a throwback faggot I know that.
Got a song for every fuckin click of the Kodak.
Take pic pussy I'll be chillin on the wall getting pussy pics.
Imagining im breakin down her walls with this minidick.
Unbearable like no yogis allowed.
Sleepy off some mid cuz I can't afford the loud.
See me in the back eyes scanning through the crowd.
I'm trying to find the bitch that still has my black an mild.

Darker thoughts in light of happy evenings.
The moment I end it all'll be the moment they don't believe me.
Pistol couple pocket knife wedding can be deceiving.
Met on a blind date then fucked she came and left me bleedy. 1, 1, 1, 2 mic check he's overdone dude.
Them Shiny lights and awkward nights on stage must have gotten to him.

Just a few hours ago he seemed fine.
Such an asinine prick but yet he came off as benign.
He walked on stage high as fuck the same as patterson.
Drawn, reflective metals skin egyptian patterned son. Pools of kooler-aid kiss the stained planks.

Diet on the frits from dyed sugar water and stageplanks. Thanks. He slips.
while uping the next rapper saying give it up while swaying like a privleged.
drunk chapter member.
He only resurrects early november, but until then its just another tember twards tember,.
remaining the redest cold winter.

They always ask him, why he flow like draino in the kitchen sink.
He says that its his duty to serve his spectators and royal sphinx.
Please look at the program, tell me what the issue read.
Not the best anything in the posse so dont stomp your feet.
Gametime fiscals, bet that on your masterpiece.
Foreigns observe it closely, the homieland's nose bleed.
But if it wasn't for his sqabblin and lolly gaggin.
He wouldn't be missed like.
that experience in your log cabin.
\--Middle nights with his thoughts to please the territory.
The lurks will always counter smurk philosophies to tell his story.
Before a shot of the whose who inside my womb juice.
You would have already felt the tickles inside your belly's loose tooth.

You heard that barkin right? I wonder if he's startled.
Too many allegories inside his messages present them borrowed.
The manuscript and weapons cloaked like the masked zorro.
The readings were so profound along the lines of winny g harpo.

