Spiritual Warfare Lyrics
by Visionaries.

To the ones walkin' the righteous path.

Church and state separate.
Plenty of God's children, devil is the king of deception.
Looking at the paintings of a white and black Jesus.
Spirit says it's simply to deceive us.
If I was asked to sacrifice the escape-goat.
I would stop fightin' and cut my own throat.
Lord hold me in your bosom, Satan's on my track.
Help me lose him, I know you're on your way.
Whether it's 2 years, 20 years and so forth.
The point is he's comin', you're summoned to God's court.
There's no failure to appear once we leave here.
'Order, hear he,' no - you hear me.
You're not God, egotistical wig-wearin.
Mallet-slammin'... Oh, the verdict is in.
Free from sin, Baptism.
I see myself in the line-up, yes, that's him.
A man who economizes a man who's wise.
It's all how you work it, not a matter of size.
You don't love me anymore cause of what was said?
You never loved me in the first place, see me tread.
In stormy waters, look, there's a rock ahead.
Make sure you say your prayers before you go to bed.

Hey you over there.
Are you familiar with spiritual warfare?
Or do you care?
-- Rakim.
Or do you care?

Or do you care?

I'm not asleep but I'm not fully awake.
Livin' my life in a dreamlike state.
I see where I need to be and I'm tryin' to get there.
But it feels like I'm runnin' in place.
Runnin' a race against time is a waste.
A true mind doesn't have a face or physical shape.
But wait, it's hard to relate a manifest.
When my bones ache and I'm made of flesh.
I feel a pain in my chest from stress and self-inflicted wounds.
From the time we leave the womb we're consumed.
By the brainwashin' of a society.
Where conciousness is like sobriety a rarity.
I have a moment of clarity.
Now I refuse to live life as a parody of the truth.
The proof at the root is hidden beneath.
Layers of false satisfaction and deceit.
I fight to defeat the distractions.
Material attachments and worldy passions.
I'm askin' myself: am I egotistical and selfish.
Or truly nothing, selfless?

