Spot on the Rocks Lyrics
by Two Crown King.


Now I'm not proud to talk about all that I've ever done.
I keep a couple secrets and talk about only some.
My past is patiently waiting back in a long line, -.
\- and for me to talk about it now would be the wrong time.
I know I've hurt some people; maybe more than my share.
I know that maybe those people think I don't even care.
The thought occurs to me. I live with it every day.
I carry the pain of the people I've hurt. It's a heavy weight.
And so I carry this burden forever, heaven sakes.
Every step I take, I know it will never break.
I shake, shiver, shutter, and can't settle down, -.
\- cause it's an awful lot for me to wrap my head around.
And if it's not worth the effort of breath, -.
\- then has the hot novelty stopped, or not? Probably yes.
It's not gone for me yet, but a lot's off for the best.
I'm tired of these lies. I'm not ???

All I know has got to bend to break.
All I own has got to give to take.
Let me broke, and mend me straight.
I have ??? for heaven's sake.
When we grow no chance to breathe.
If it holds just let it be.
All I am is your's, so please.
Stay right here. You set me free.

Now I could talk until my face turned blue, -.
\- but won't nobody believe me until the see that it's true.
It's time I shut up and showed 'em, -.
\- cause talkin' never accomplished much.
The loudest word is nothing compared to the {softest touch}.
I use the darkest ink. You get it set in stone.
I'll watch the paper fade. You can watch the rock erode.
I like the moments when the music and talk is low.
The deeper the water the harder to rock the boat.
Back to the camera knowing only I've got to go.
Talk to the ocean. Say “I wish I could walk you home”.
C-c-come together. Leave apart; not alone.
Going back knowing that the house we made is not a home.
Blocked thoughts of a what-not plot.
They've been locked ?? talking, so they're finally known.
Now it's not fine, and we know it. I've lost time and I know it.
Your leopards got spots and they're finally showing.

I heard the salt water singing as I sat on the shore.

A different name, but same song as the last time.
The ocean came close. She knows when it's that time.
We hummed the tune together hoping to pass time.

So I took a step closer to the ocean and asked why.
She told me sometimes you gotta sing alone.
When you find yourself sitting on a rock, walk home, -.
\- pick a song that you know, sing it strong when it's chosen -.
\- then stand up, and step out, and walk cross the ocean.
And as she spoke she slowly floated away.
Slow enough to let me know that she was showing the way.
So I stood up, stepped out, and headed for home.
And as the waves washed away I started singing alone.

All I am is yours, so please.
Stay right here. You set me free.

Stay right here. You set me free.

I said All I am is your ??, please.
Stay right here. You set me free.

