Sprizz - EIYD (Mixtape Review) Lyrics
by Unonimus.

Sprizz – “EIYD” Review.

On April 20th, Sprizz, a freshman at Valdosta State University, released his.
latest hip-hop project, “Enter If You Dare” . For having.
been rapping a relatively short amount of time , Sprizz is an extremely prolific artist, having released.

endeavors, EIYD is, in my opinion, his best work yet. A melting pot of.

youth in all listeners, young and old. So without further ado, sit back and.
enjoy this track by track review of “EIYD” by Sprizz.

Track 1: Elegance.
Upon my first few listens, I found Elegance to be an odd track to open up on..
For some reason, the track felt somewhat underwhelming. It was a good song,.
but seemingly lacked the usual thirst to impress often evident in the opener.
of a project. But then, on one random listen, the song became infectious. The.
flow, the piano, the synths … it all had me bouncing around and rapping along..
Suddenly I can't picture the mixtape opening in any other way. “For the fifth.
time I'll plea insanity,” Sprizz raps, establishing from the get-go that we.
are in for something unorthodox. He goes on to have a conversation with.
marijuana, rapping not only as himself, but also as the magical herb itself..
Weed soon proves to be a central topic of the mixtape . I eventually realized why the track seemed to lack the thirst to.
impress: it did. Sprizz doesn't try to impress, he just does. This track is a.
perfect embodiment of this and does a great job of setting up the rest of the.
mixtape. All in all, Elegance is a catchy track that may or may not have to.

Grade: B+.

Track 2: Hemp Wizz.
Up next we have Hemp Wizz, a very fun and carefree track. However, as blithe.
and unconcerned as this song may sound, Sprizz still manages to show a level.

a plan and is now fucking it up. “If my mother heard this song, she'd probably.
kick my ass”, Sprizz melodiously remarks, going on to say that he doesn't.
blame her because she's “just doing her job”. He also pens: “and I say what I.
want, and it feels good when I do it, and no one's gonna hear it so screw it”,.
which mainly refers to the feeling of releasing music that no one is taking.
the time to listen to, but is also very relatable to teenagers around the.
world who feel like no one is listening to them. The relatability and replay.
value of this song will keep listeners coming back.
Grade: A-.

Track 3: Just Leave It.
Just Leave It was most likely lyrically just as awkward for Sprizz to write as.
it is for the listener to hear. He takes a far more personal route, divulging.
information that, at first listen, almost makes the listener feel like he or.
she is intruding too far into Sprizz's thoughts, but ultimately makes him or.
her trust and respect him as an artist even more. It takes a certain level of.
vulnerability to be able to truly connect with fans, and Sprizz most.

anxiety over talking to girl's he is interested in, not having complete.
confidence in his looks, and smoking weed to “spark a convo” easier. While I.
thoroughly enjoyed the lyrics of this song, I was not the biggest fan of the.
beat. Aside from this, Just leave it is one of the more personal and.
interesting tracks on the mixtape.
Grade: B+.

Track 4: Differen.
On Differen, Sprizz touches more on his alter ego Jack Spasm. He speaks to an.
eerie deep voice and continues the streak of personal lyrics from Just Leave.

assonance, and wit. “Half of my mind is booing me and the shit I'm producing”,.
Sprizz raps, just one of the many instances Sprizz references feelings of.
ambivalence and near split personalities on this song.
Grade: B.

Track 5: Lasse.

showcasing his knack for words. All of this is delivered over a fun, light.
beat. Long story short, Lasse will make it incredibly hard for fans to fall.
off of Sprizz's sack.
Grade: B.

Track 6: Inter.
If at this point you were still for any reason skeptical of Sprizz's skills as.
a rapper, Inter is guaranteed to extinguish any doubts. On this song, Sprizz.
displays dexterity with words far beyond his years. The listener gets no.

Bar for bar, this may be the best song of the bunch. Inter is most definitely.
one of my favorite songs on the mixtape.
Grade: A+.

Track 7: EIYD.
There are always certain expectations on the title track, and Sprizz lives up.
to them. “Why I gotta be a bad guy cause I walk around with red eyes?” Sprizz.
asks, going on to lament over his feelings of being too “basic” in everything.
outside of rap, a feeling that many people can sympathize with. He delivers.

the best word play on the project.
Grade: A+.

Track 8: Freshmen.

The beat compliments the lyrics and will keep your head nodding. What truly.

knows how to make music that will stay stuck in your head for weeks. Overall,.
the song has tremendous replay value and is a great addition to the mixtape.
Grade: A+.

Track 9: Actually.
Actually is a prime example of Sprizz's skill for storytelling. With every.
listen you notice another zany little occurrence in the story that you may not.
have noticed or put together in previous listens. It is also possibly the most.
socially conscious/political songs on EIYD, as Sprizz touches on topics such.
as blue on black injustice while also speaking on how hip-hop is seen today..
“I know it sounds dumb but I want to be a rapper, not really, if that makes.
any sense. You see they categorize this craft and it's often seen as a lost.
accent”. Any up and coming rapper today can relate to this. Have truer words.
ever been spoken?
Grade: A-.

Track 10: Damn.
Sprizz indulges in more lyrical acrobatics in this one. You will probably.
laugh out loud at a few lines in this song, notably lines such as the first.

After hearing this song, there's only one thing you can say: damn!
Grade: A-.

Track 11: Runit.
Run it back and grab a fucking 8th and educate yourself!
Grade: B.

Track 12: This Is It.
In This Is It, Sprizz expands on the story of the infamous Molly . The beat brings you.
right into the mood of the song and Sprizz delivers lyrics that touch emotions.
that everyone has felt. Molly, if you're reading this, thank you for.
indirectly bringing us this great song.
Grade: A.

Track 13: My Story.
Sprizz invites us deeper into his mind in “My Story” to tell us, well, his.
story. In what is possibly the darkest and saddest song here, Sprizz speaks on.
neglected responsibilities, influences that famous people have on the masses,.
problems he had when he first started rapping, friendship, and euphoria. There.
were a few bars towards the end that felt a little lazy, but overall this song.
is another one of my favorites.
Grade: A.

Track 14: Vibrant.
What can I say to give Vibrant justice? This is a song to ride to. A song to.
turn up to. A song to fall asleep to. A song to smoke to. A song to masturbate.
to . Whatever you want to do, put Vibrant on with it and the.
experience will be that much better. Just viiiiiibe.
Grade: A+.

Track 15: Empty.
Once again, Sprizz shows us he knows how to tell a great story. This is an.
interesting song to end on. Here we have a mixtape that largely centers around.
the joys of marijuana ending with a song about the trappings of drug.
addiction. Empty is a song that requires many multiple listens to fully.
understand and leaves you wanting more while still feeling satisfied and.
satiated. It's a great ending to a great project. Sprizz finishes off with a.
short story of when he first realized he was “different” and that he was the.
only person aware of himself. “I couldn't take it,” he says, and the music.
fades away …
Grade: A+.

Overall Mixtape Grade: A-.

