SSWRAP Lyrics
by Arash.

Here's a little something that I've learned in SSW.
I figured I'd rap about it to ensure it wouldn't trouble you.
I had a good start to the semester going to classes each week.
Like my ass is in need.
Of a higher graded mark to succeed.
So in order to meet.
The requirements that I seek.
To proceed through college.
I need knowledge.
So I planted the seed.
Today that seed of knowledge has developed into a tree.
Cause I put my mind in the mind frame and self fulfilled my prophecy.
My legacy, my monarchy like peak experience is to Maslow's hierarchy.
The kind of stuff we learned in Laura's class like showing empathy.
Or I - It communication which really merits frustration.
Basing the way you treat people on occupation seems mistaken.
When you show respect to others in similar conversation.
When I'm in the situation to avoid feelings of degradation.
I take my time and reflect so that the words I choose to use always.
demonstrate respect.

The putting down of someone's confidence and self esteem.
Is but a means of crushing dreams.
Like a vulture I'm sitting upon a beam, plotting plots, scheming schemes.

Giving people labels and names that are intentionally mean.

Labels and names with intention to hurt.
Identity script since birth.
The kinds of labels and words.
That one would, without thinking.
Tend to blurt.
And often leave in the dirt.
A person's sense of self worth.

Now I'm spitting flow on Johari's window.
Red, yellow, blue, and green all give you self info.
I let my friends see the blue in me.
They knew how to get through to me.
I now know things I didn't before; info that's new to me.
I've also learned about events and how we conceive 'em.
How we feel about it depends entirely on how we perceive 'em.
We add meaning to messages as soon as we receive 'em.
Yet sometime's these interpretations do nothing but deceive.
So I never leave.
A conversation without first asking the other person's confirmation.
On the verbal retaliation, my interpretation of what they said.
Not a direct quotation, but instead.

Their opinions in my own words slurred.
And when transferred back stirred.
Feelings that before being heard.
They never knew even existed.
Feelings that consisted.
Of opinions you assisted.
Bring the truth out in how twisted.
And biased their point of view was that they insisted.
And persisted was the truth.
However truth varies from person to person.
It's like a misconception.
The inconsistencies are what's known to us as a different perception.

Knowing this I've learned to listen carefully and judgment free.
When communicating emotionally I tend to see the talk that comes non verbally.
Observably it all seems quite absurd to me the way we can hear what someone.
has to say without even a word cause he.
Said what he had to without even moving his lips.
His expression, tone of voice and gestures; his hands on his hips.
Meanings hidden and cocooned like the sun is behind the moon.
Hidden meanings are what I'd like to call a verbal eclipse.

Another thing I learned was to invest in a relationship.
Showing that you're concerned and showing them appreciation it.
Should only confirm that you're ready for this I-You to turn.
Into a friendship with intentions of keeping it going long-term.

By commitment, trust and self disclosure.
3 factors of climate meant to bring 2 people closer.
These factors help tell real friends apart from posers.
When it's over we will see these fake friends receive exposure.

What happens next depends on how you deal with conflict.
You can either walk away or argue the opinions that contradict.
Some ways of dealing with your feelings can do nothing but inflict.
Harm to our relationships that we couldn't predict.
That's why I've learned to try and find a win-win resolution.
So that both me and my friend can stand to gain from the confusion.
As opposed to having my friend' loss serve as my solution.
I would compromise with him and we'd both offer contribution.
Cause we're both trying to fix the conflict with which we are presented.
Instead of managing it poorly and ending up being resented.
Therefore I always voice the issue at hand.
As opposed to neglecting response to avoid reprimand.

In conclusion.
I've managed to learn a lot from this course.
And how to endorse.
Feelings that come out straight from the source.
Of emotion.
It's given me a new found empathy, a new found notion.
My devotion to living conflict free, free of commotion.
Cause I understand that things don't often come in black and white.
There isn't always one side who's wrong and one side who is right.
So stop trying to redeem yourself and stop trying to start a fight.
Cause no matter what we try to make ourselves look like the White Knight.

