Stampede 64  Rockstar Dreams Cut-Scene Lyrics
by Swych.


Aye Vegeta, what's the scouter say about they energy level man?

Uh, I'm a rockstar, hear the fans scream.
When they see me? It's a stampede.
You see me? Hi hater.
Can't stop now, try later.
Try never, I'm forever, F your efforts.
Man I swear that I'm the best and you can't edit, you can't censor.

They so pathetic I'm so sick they trying to catch it.

Won't even give me credit like I cheated on my tests or.
But get it through your thick skull.
You can ride the bandwagon but the whip full.
We running out of space, we up in outer space.
If you in our space? Eliminate!
Obliterate! We gon' incinerate.
Hotter than a summer's day, I should sell them lemonade.
Top down in a city where you might just get your melon sprayed.
But I ain't worried they respect me like I'm JFK.
I'm feeling like the effing greatest ever.
Like my mom a Panther, I rock bandanas and throw the West up.
Mayne you know I'm a R-O-C-K-S-T-R.
Pull a couple strings then I smash the guitar.
And she likes it.

I'm a rockstar, hear the fans scream.
When they see me, it's a stampede.
Music so loud, that I can't breathe.
Rad girls and they repping F2D.

Uh, rockstar lifestyle might not make it.
That's why I be going brainless, tie my blanket like a cape and say.
I'm fly, ha! And I don't need a wingman.
Promise you that I could scoop any chick you could bring in.
Find me at your college campus looking for a fat butt.
You know that I'm trying to see it, pull your backpack up.
One man rock band, you got to let me get some.

'Body better tell them haters chill bruh, meditate.
Let them know that I don't get tired, Kevin Gates.
Bigger than the lips on Kylie Jenner's face but never fake.
Everytime I flex I set it off, detonate.
I'm just trying to stack my paper like an almanac.
But that's gon' make my haters go insomniac.
You know I'm a R-O-C-K-S-T-R.
I don't pull strings, I just smash the guitar.
Like Mario versus Link and she likes it.

No nametag, no ID.
Just a snapback, and a white tee.
And I'm swimming in the money with a pisces.
And that thing looking right word to Spike Lee.
You already know.
U-S, you just, lay down slow.
But if she get down she gon' stay down bro.
If she get down she gon' stay down.
I be playing NES, my iPod playing UGK.
My Izod polo superfresh, so is my USPA.
Man everything I do is fresh, you could check USDA.
I can wear whatever, Mr. YourSisterJustLeftWithMe.
My dreamgirl left me, she met me let me then depressed me.
But I'm through crying now them white girls love me like I'm Luke Bryan.

I must be here for a real reason.
Because they got dreams and I got dreams but I ain't only dreaming, eww.
!

Get it through your thick skull.
Boy we eating and if not it's because my clique full.
Get it through your thick skull.
I'm a rockstar!
Tell Jennel Garcia to holla at me, ha.
Uh.

Rockstar Dreams Cut-Scene.
I'm a dreamer, yeah, I'm a dreamer.
I used to dream of, driving girls Bieber Fever.
I used to dream of, girls that look like Selena.
Pile them up in the Beamer and call it stacking my queens up.
My body all tatted and my wrist and neck freezed up....
Damn, I been keeping it a hundred.
Since a hundred with a nickel back, that's 95.
I was born in 94, took me a year to ask where the honies at.
But I'm a nerd I'm a geek.
I play a different game every day of the week.
Shorty got that soft and she say I got that strong.
So I guess that you could say that I prey on the weak.
These is Rockstar Dreams.
Go hard on the weekend and pray in the week.
Show every night through the rain and the sleet.
Sprains and the bleeding but fame ain't the reason.
Man I just want to do me.
Man I just want to do me.
Man I just want to, man I just want to do me.
Hold up, they said I was a effing zero now I got the city mute.
Except for your girlfriend screaming while she showing me her moves.
Eww!

