Start All Over Lyrics
by Zuby.


Starting blocks, as opposed to hitting the finish line, 
Brutus versus Popeye underdog and its spinach time. 
The ways of the world leave me down in the dumps. 
But I reconstruct my beginning, its bigger than blowing up 
 
Like, a convict serving 20 odd at large 
Finally set free in society. Its got ta be hard. 
Your baby moms moved on got another brother, raising your kid 
Starting fresh, coming home from a bid. I guess ... 
 
Like, the cheating boyfriend or the backstabbing lady 
Forgiven by your counterpart, broken heart for your baby, boo 
Guess, you starting over too cuz. If its true 
Your new beginnings, spinning them gray skies into blue, so 
Choose lose win, begin 
We. Gon start it over again, so all in sing it 
 
Work, so hard 
But, I'm only human 
All over again 
Start all over again again 
 
But. I rap and I'm in Oxford. Wait that ain't that typical 
I'm tryin to make an earning. So I got ta get my pence right. 
Cuz can't make a buck unless you start with some sense/cents right, 
, 
The worlds, a messed up place, and nowadays you pick your fate, 
I'm old enough to go to war but couldn't drink in the States. 
If. You think about it really yo. What sense does that make 
Answer's clear, no shots or beer, but can take shots to the face 
 
Yo, I rhyme what I feel never selling out for dough 
This, a kinda, thoughtful song thats. How Im feeling at the mo 
Kinda stressed not depressed trying to get Soundscan to this 
What? More. Do you want yo, I'm young, hot and talented 
So love me love me, love me 
And. I do it cuz. I want to chyeeea 
 
Its a sick world. We live in these days, 
Cause we can blow each other up, but we can't cure AIDS. 
We dont help each other out. We just try to get paid. 
And forget about love. We just try to get laid yup 
 
Webbafied 
I was jumping the gun in the hundred bar dash 
False start out of the gate. I was on blast 
Dirty laundry hang on my clothesline, perhaps 
Since its 2006. I should be cleaning up my act. 
Fresh start .
 
Zuby 
Some deny that they feel it still. I got their respect. 
No rap vet, no teks, still its selling like sex 
If. I go youre gon na miss me like the dearly departed 
3-6-0 rotation. Damn look Im back where I started: 
 
 ) And
we. Do it -- cuz --, we -- want -- to 
 
