Statik Selektah’s “The Imperial” Lyrics
by ​xKylan.

Produced by Statik Selektah.

Yo it's the rap Scott Disick.
Come through the fuckin' block with some hot lizards.
Blowin' loud in the blizzard.
Put 6 digits on the Wizards, shit, just don't tell my misses.
Damn, she throw the dice with a red glove.
Spread love, spread legs from the bed to the tub.
Floor to the closet.
Real sex on the Panasonic.
I'm gettin' head in the pool, bitch.
Bitch, I'm just better than you.
Yeah, around the world like 4 times.
All because a mothafucka spit raw rhymes.
Yeah, more lines, more lines.
Shit, feed 'em more lines and more lines.
I won't dumb it down for morons.
It's like shootin' big game with a small 9.

Royce Da 5'9.
Bottom line of sellin' these pebbles.
Get away with your life earnin's while I'm tryna dodge these devils.
The whole squad Gucci, Jordans, but chances are.
You in LV if you runnin' with these rebels.
I'm sellin' wrapped up, capped up vials of crack.
Every syllable and vowel is a fact, I throw stacks.
The chick ridin' with me, she polished, she a dime.
She stylish, check her HOEFAX, her mileage is back, she solid.
The Desert Eagle here to better the people.
Sellin' perico like there is no I or L in illegal.
I hire felons, to sew up the streets, while I let you believe.
That it's better to be you, baby, I call that threadin' the needle.
You know me, it ain't nothin' corny in the wardrobe.
I'm low key, even more so than Thor's bro.
Impeccable ear, I take Braille, make it Morse Code.
Then peddle it like I'm tryna make the course go.

And you say New York City.
My cheapest t-shirts cost me $450.
Listen for me, the call of the wild is Go Philly!
It's shorties in the front row flashin' both titties.
The texture of my voice is coarse, it's so gritty.
That I could make the people revolt with no Diddy.
I used to kick it with Hex Murda, Frank Nitty.
In the D where he would bring J. Dilla and Dank with him.
Riq Gees for mayor, a franchise player.
Yeah, you might say I'm in the book of Isaiah.
The highway is what his mind weigh.
Yeah I'ma put a polka dot on your dome, and Kwamé yah.
This is the big payoff, soliloquy of Chaos.
Another rapper gon' get rocked like Amadeus.
Defeat'll make a nigga get ghost like a seance.
It's triple entendre, three stacks of, hey ya.
I plan to keep a band like Fela.
Until when my career's over like A.I.
It's me and the Muhammads, Ali, bay'ah.
That never played the porch or asked for mother, may I.
Listen, my callin' card ball hard like armadillos.
Rappers too thin to win, like cigarillos.
Shakin' their hair back and forth like Willow.
But need to save the soft ass talkin' for the pillows.
I had a issue with a hater, now it's kinda squashed.
Like a slug below the soles of the St. Laurents.
My response, a steppin' razor like I'm Father Tosh.
Exotic fabrics on my blazer like the Maharaja.
Sick whips in my garage, roll with no entourage.
But I roll with heat like I'm Dwayne Wade, Lebron and Bosh.
I keep the paper stacked in layers like baklavas.
Even though they give us ours free, like the Amistad.
I know I'm sort of pompous, no type of moral compass.
Go right the fuck up in your mouth like I'm the orthodontist.
Some rappers just startin' out, but me, I'm more accomplished.
The imperial Black Thought from The Foreign Objects.
I created a movement not just related to music.
They keep askin' me what's my take on the state of the union.
All these haters is human, but I'm a different breed.
They be crazy cartoonish, but I'm in a different league.
Killer colloquium, kush rolled with opium.
Makin' my associates act so inappropriate.
I got weapons manufactured in the Soviet.
Now I'm like Future on that I just won a trophy shit.
Ayo the, the, the boss is back.
Take that, and while you're at it, make my coffee black.
I tried to tell you mothafuckas on Respond/React.
I'm the nastiest to do it, as a matter of fact.
Yo who your top 5? Jay, Biggie, Pac, Nas.
I ain't tryna hear another name if it's not mine.
Any side talkin', I'ma consider it shots fired.
At the outlier, and start it up like a hotwire.

