Statik Selektah’s “Bird's Eye View” Lyrics
by ​xKylan.

Produced by Statik Selektah 
 
I want you to tell them 
Statik, Selektah 
 
Lets. Do this man for real 
We smoke, big blunts, cigars! It'S us 
It's, obvious! Kids! We regulate up shit. Moving through brush 
The beats is grim. The ambiance plush 
The speaker won't bang the sneaker won't lust 
Snitches wish dead. The eagle gon' bust 
Catch you in the wrong spot. You dust, 
Statik ill bring the havoc. This is magic. 
Fake, niggas, flee out fly out the mouth I get. You gatted 
Sports cars, reendorsed yards 
Everybody, four stars Rae, like forty jewelry gaudy, 
Your creature, game corny, I eat your dame. You hop up on me 
Head off the rip grab the whip, rest maturely 
Hanging around the vets. In the sweats 
Since'97 we was rolex-ing the extra 
Fuck around a hundred Tecs flash 
Flex cash drugs money and sex 
Dumb check, smashing 
 
Watching the game from a bird's eye view. 
They say it's hard to keep trust. So my third eye grew 
Chakras, open, binocular, scoping sour smoking, 
Hoping, my best buds ain't only in it for the tokens 
Cause, they say it's who you joking with tokin' potent with 
Tag team and strokin' chicks, the ones that do some bogus shit, 
Act cool on the Strip, but want to put two on your hip 
Macking jewels in your whips booming your hits screwing your bitch 
Froze under my toes bitches, where my penis is 
Kicking it since the womb. Now you see what the fetus is 
And, what the fetus is. Would these niggas feed us shit 
Rob a nigga for his number 2's to put my feet in shit. 
Flow slippery rise to the tippity top 
I'mma make hot drops, make snakes history 
Dreams of living civilly in Sicily, 
Laughing, with a fan like 
 
It's, the elephant in the room 
Created by a collision of the sun and the moon. 
My sonogram was an image of a gun in the womb. 
That was soon to be doper than heroin in a spoon 
I'm astonishing honestly, my future looking promising 
As my skin tone and a crystal clean onyx is 
Darker thoughts. Let the beats break like a Amish's 
I'm. A stroke of genius like Mickalene Thomas is 
Hip-hop and body rocking and doing it. Dude 
I am the living definition of improving the groove 
I use the same tools to shoot that Kubrick used 
Take your hero to the river. Give them two b-rick shoes: 
Who lose. If you really ain't, nobody till somebody love. You 
I say you ain't, nobody til, they speaking highly of you 
And. What I'm sure you wouldn't want is any kind of trouble. 
Unless. You got a crash dummy or a body. Double 
You got a couple homies down to catch a homi- for you, 
Well I'mma fold, niggas into origami. For you 
The, most notorious Poet. Laureate 
Whole story is glorious, stoic warriors 
And. I got my eyes wide open on you. Quasi- 
Haters still smirking, like the gators on an Izod 
Lacoste y'all tomato head. Niggas are 
Imposters long drawn out process. 
Triple OG's got a worn out conscience 
Reminiscing to when we was all out monsters on 
Our Sierra Leone reigning tyranny. 
I strike fear in their hearts. Rappers stear clear of me: 
Black Sankofa Ayatollah Range Rover games over 
Bill folder, give niggas that Ebola virus 
Huh. You got me chopped like Miley Cyrus 
Naw, I'm on your block with Somali pirates, 
 
For, real man, Statik man, Whats good 
Yeah. You know I gets it on 
I ain't playin', i'm truly. The worst 
I was born about that 
 
…Represent me
, 
