Steps Lyrics
by Visual.

As I took my first steps, Rock with you.
played in the background.
Michael Jackson hit my soul like a spazzed crowd.
All energy, being fresh was a friend to me.
80's baby with 2000 tendencies.
I used to have two Mike jackets with the zippers.
One red, one white I couldn't figure which was sicker.
One day I left the red one on a Grey Hound bus.
When I realized it, all I felt was disgust.
Headed to Cali, the year was 1985.
Me &amp; my momma, I was just a little guy.
The same year, that they had the Summer Olympics.
&amp; since then, my brain has been a gymnast.
Jumping hurdles &amp; puffing purple, we live this.
I guess that's why my style is so damn exquisite.
Cuz whatever my brain visits, it takes pictures.
&amp; it stores em in an album sealed with beautiful stitches.
Ya'll gotta understand to me this all fitness.
To keep the brain in shape &amp; away from ya'll bitches.
I've always been about the mind but know I've reached my spirit.
&amp; lately I've gotten physical but Naw not for appearance.
I'm working my lungs for larger oxygen consumption.
&amp; making sure my heart &amp; blood are properly pumping.
I'm like Pun, I lost some pounds I'm trying to live.
I'm even lifting weights so I can crack ya fuckin ribs.
But I ain't violent, ha , that's only if you insist.
I move with peace but with problems that peace could switch.
&amp; look ya'll need to stop with that Hip hop is dead shit.
First of all, he's a genius is the reason Nas said it.
He knew you'd get excited &amp; go out &amp; buy it.
&amp; everytime they spoke against it you would get loud &amp; fight it.
&amp; it would bring out all the real cats that love to spit.
&amp; all the money chasers would say Fuck that hip hop shit.
&amp; in the end it would it would prove what hip hop did.
&amp; yeah, hip hop changed but kid, hip hop lives.
You can stay with the same old mind state &amp; cry.
Or you can elevate your mind &amp; move along with the times.
Ain't shit changed but the faces &amp; names.
&amp; if you stopped the complaints you'd see some legends still play.
But I guess ya'll were raised to complain &amp; hate.
I was raised to respect my momma &amp; be great.
Respect cuz if not she'd smack the shit outta face.
&amp; cuz she gave me gems as a kid that I still live by today.

The one that sang, not the greatest in the NBA.
Cuz you know he came when I was a little bit older.
By then I expiernced that the world was a little bit colder.
I had seen Latin Kings bang before I was.
a teen.
&amp; saw my first murder by the time Mike joined the team.
I saw him &amp; Scottie fight Pistons.
like they were in a ring.
&amp; those losses hurt deep ... they would sting.
But those were the things that made Mike a king.
The same things they gave all Chicago 6 rings.
Determination, hardwork &amp; a dream.
See my parents showed me that before I saw it on screens.
See, they fed me books,movies &amp; CD'S.
&amp; You know they say that you are what you eat.
So of course ... I began to feast.
I was a teen when I started to see movies in my sleep.
You may call em dreams but to me they were TV.
Images you would see on Macs,Tablets &amp; Pc's.
So graphic, details were so classic.
I felt like I fell &amp; I would wake up frantic.
Crazy, it felt like I physically hit the mattress.
Looking around like what the fuck happened?
I later learned the dream was me fighting anxiety.
I guess cuz I always wanted there to be five of me.
Crazy kid, always wanted to be everywhere.
Shit but even one of me for ya'll ain't fair.
Back in Highschool I was down with every single soul.
Latin Kings, Vice Lords &amp; Foes 4ch.

Ball players,nerds,good girls &amp; hoes.
I never cared about image, I only cared about soul.
I wasn't too much of anything back then.
Kinda like I am today, I stand out but blend.
Never ever been the type to walk around all tough.
But always let suckas know that I knew what's up.
It always bugged em to see a little dude step up.
Not ball'in but steady climbing on my way to the bucks.
&amp; I'm never worried about who got next.
I ain't trying to be on top, I'm just trying to take my steps.

