Stickerbrush Sympathy (Original Rap) Lyrics
by Yungtown.


I'm reminded of the somber years.
Especially last summer where a knot appeared.
In every rope of all I was involved with, yeah.
Desires were demolished and my thoughts were never positive.
While problems were resolved without involving any common sense.

Pandemonium grew; bitterness ensued.
While living with the want of getting out of town when I knew.
It wasn't the smartest direction I could choose.
It just didn't seem practical but then soon.

Breakdown.
I felt forgotten and depressed.
And couldn't conquer all this stress.
That resulted from remembering.
Why I was there.

My purpose seemed so pathetic.
I was searching everywhere.
To feel like I belonged.
When I thought nobody cared.

But hold on hold up wait a minute.
Can I conquer these negative thoughts when my reality hasn't improved a lot?
I guess when I think about it I seem to surround.
My doubts around excuses when I should be moving on and.

Today I'm changing this pattern.
I know I'm capable of greatness.
Even if you doubt that I'll make it.
Out of my current situation.

I won't let go of all the dreams.
I have because of a few problems.
It's frustrating how.
These doubts seem to weigh me down.

So I'm standing up to them now.

I'll muster up the strength.
Somehow, I'll let go of my mistakes.

I used to chase True Love, but it once never occurred to me.
That it wasn't the key to fulfill any insecurity.
A person can't fully supply love because we are imperfect.
And wired to need each other; sometimes that idea worries me.

Cause all I seem to chase is someone else's recognition.
As if that certain somebody would affirm my existence.
Then I could finally be happy, but what does this entail?
Relying on words when they inevitably will fail.

And I cannot remember.
What confidence once looked like.
My dreams are in the distance.
When they used to be by my side.

What society deems reality.
Never feels satisfactory.
I think we're meant for more than this.
That desire is in our design.

I won't let go of all the dreams.
I have because of a few problems.
It's frustrating how.
These doubts seem to weigh me down.

So I'm standing up to them now.

I'll muster up the strength.
Somehow, I'll let go of my mistakes.

I'm tired of feeling abused.
I've tried to forget what you.
Have said and all it seems.
Is to make me feel miserable.

Am I still feeling abused?
I've tried to forget what you.
Have said but all you've done.
Is said stuff that is so predictable.

