Stiff-Arm (prod. Sumeo) Lyrics
by Tyler coolidge.


The only thing that I hate in this world is currency.
And maybe cigarettes and violence and other impurities.
My street been running crimson and scarlet and burgundy.
With my own blood and leaves a trail up to my room inside my home.
My forearm is the origin of the stream and always will be.
I give too many damns away, keeping one might just kill me.
For real you think I'm fibbing.
I wish I was, I'm so giving.
Especially giving a fuck.
I'm real generous with those.
I get curved more than automobile wheels down Lombard street.
Girls always en garde me.
Cause they're always up on the fence about something or other.
And that hardly describes the wannabe Barbies.
Accurately enough to put you all in our Jordan's.
To me the pursuit of a girl has rid itself of importance.
Don't tell me where to wear my pants or what I shouldn't say.
My sis is now a thousand miles away.
Don't give a damn what you have to say.
Get out my face.

Get out my face.

Get out my....

Face BITCH.

Get out my face, Des.

Not much of a fighting guy.
Strictly known for lighting pipes to bring the funk.
And meet the not so nice side of my high side.
You a game boy.
Tryna connect to Wi-fi.
Your white lies get crossed over in black ink.
Krink pens and paint cans, we mad deep.
My based vans met concrete.
I'm based god, yeah Gandhi.
Boxing the booth, I'm walking out like a zombie.
I'm choking on Arethra but it's hitting so Ashanti.
And I might feel alone but know my brothers right behind me.
Midnight on my timepiece.
Four hours and twenty minutes homie come and find me.
You'll get a whiff of, whiff of, what we puffing in VIP.
And we stiff arm, stiff arm, any girl who looking grimy cause.
Young Des, he don't play no games.
I got a girl in every city, I won't say no names.
And I'm shitty with pity so I won't spare you lames.
It's not about the fame so what you doing with that chain.
If you ain't really 'bout it, 'bout it, what you brought to the game.
Cause you won't see me pulling triggers.
You won't see me taking...YES.

You won't see me pulling triggers.
You won't see me taking aim.

Motha.

Fucka.

