Still Got It Lyrics
by Two Fresh.


Uh, yeah.
Purple, uh.
Yeah.

Ridin' 'round lookin' like a dope dealer.
Stuntin' real hard on a broke nigga.
Sippin' codeine like Capri-Sun.
Ride a Cadillac like a four-wheeler.
My bitch pussy taste like fruit punch.
Swear ya' nigga sweet, mmm fruit snacks.
Sell all my clothes, I'll buy a 'Benz.
Chewin' on a pill like a Double Mint.
You don't know the game, you don't know the squad.
You don't know the mob nigga.
You don't know the boy, you don't know the guy.
You don't know the vibe nigga.
Just me and my niggas.
Trillest killas, gorillas.
Banana clips, been had it nigga.
Still got it nigga, Ben Stiller.
Uh.

Still, still, still got it.
Still, still, still got it.
Hol' up, hol' up, still got it.
These niggas never had it.
Born savage niggas, still got it.
From the zoo zoo zoo yeah animals nigga, still got it.
From the zoo zoo zoo yeah animals nigga, still ridin'.
Still foolin' wit' the hooligans that done came with me, still mobbin'.
From the zoo zoo zoo crew animals nigga, still got it.

Yeah.
Middle of the summer, still snow season.
Boy this not a job, this grow season.
Flow Hot Boy flow, two chopper.
Off the moon rock nigga, moon walker.
Had the drop top down nigga, new topic.
Fuck around, finna' be a hot Summer.
New Hot Boys nigga, Yung Juve.
Fuck around, name my first son Stunner.
Two things I pray I never be and that's a bitch nigga and a broke nigga.
, that's the way it gotta be.
Swear I love the city, man I hate I gotta leave.
Suck her so good, shawty pray I never leave.
Most real niggas took L's in the street.
Hit a jug, hit a stain, and I'm still in the hood.
Paint drippin' off the frame to the wheels in the hood.
Man I had one wish and I wish a nigga would.
Still got it.

Still, still, still got it.
Still, still, still got it.
Hol' up, hol' up, still got it.
These niggas never had it.
Born savage niggas, still got it.

Still wildin', still livin' reckless.
I don't eat Wheaties, I eat a bitch for breakfast.
I got porn hoes doing 69.
Goin' both ways, still misdirected.
Still feel like the game owe me one.
Like North West still the Only One.
I got Purp with me like red and yellow.
Goin' cross state doin' codeine runs.
Codeine, morphine.
Dope fiend, still noddin'.
Got double nines like Gretzky.
Both things wit' me, still ridin'.
And I'm rowdy rowdy like the Shmurda niggas.
I don't know them niggas, free Bobby.
I got Kami wit' me doin' Whitney Houston.
And a army wit' me, Terracotta.
Ridin' 'round wit' bro n' dem.
Who are they? I don't know them.
Niggas mad, I don't care nigga.
I got Cara Lewis bringin' shows in.
She knows - what's that?
Still that I still got it.
The same gang wit me.
Still true steady mobbin'.

Still, still, still got it.
Still, still, still got it.
Hol' up, hol' up, still got it.
These niggas never had it.
Born savage niggas, still got it.
From the zoo zoo zoo yeah animals nigga, still got it.
From the zoo zoo zoo yeah animals nigga, still ridin'.
Still foolin' wit' the hooligans that done came with me, still mobbin'.
From the zoo zoo zoo crew animals nigga, still got it.

Niggas still mobbin'.
Niggas still mobbin'.
Niggas still got it.
Plus niggas still mobbin', truuuue!
True steady mobbin'.
Yeah, still true steady mobbin'.
Still true steady mobbin', nigga.
Yeah, still true steady mobbin'.

