Strike Lyrics
by Visionaries.


Once again.
We've been sent to turn off the iron slot.
Let it sit, we strike when the iron's hot.
Give in except we waste not we want not.
Let it sit, we strike when the iron's hot.

It's our pill we stay up till the sun pops.
Out the toaster, the body's a holster.
The weapon's within.
Safety is censorship.
Selectively remembering bit by bit.
A strategist had to wish bought to come true.
Dips on the one always up around two pounds.
Still without bouncers preserve not founders.
Astounded by at is available over these counters.
Get the prescription fit the description.
We live life music is a depiction.
I know we are held down by more than gravity.
We don't sugar coat it leads to body cavities.
Frozen authority are the minority.
Creation of the gun killed inferiority.
So they think we're a weak majority.
How rich are they when they treat people poorly.

Still hear sirens.
Time to strike.
Focus on the light s of mic on deck filing.
Ready rhymes boot thug on the front line.
Every year deeper trenches sacrifice time.
A strong force undetected well respected.
Our hearts is well protected unanimous is effective.
Vicious beats like legalize dope.
But I never wrote my life I wrote to give hope.
In the line of fire that they admire.
The drive that keeps us running cause it's a love that never tires.
Hate will expire, gates waiting to enter.
Take no prisoners.
Free up the listeners.
Style massacre unveils the masquerade.
Some of them will say place the rest you can't save.
The lighthouse signifies our attack.
We are the solider with the smile and we got it y'all back.

On the search of parameter.
Blue eyes cover up for the new cops.
Man enough to wield a Desert E.
But enough to build a better league.
Hand the cuffs over with ?
Wanna be a matyr go ahead.
Then in a direction that's been run to death in seconds coming next.
Feeling vacation televised medication.
On every station and become one with creation.
Geppetto walking terrorist harder to shoot.
When you know it's yourself on the other end of the barrel.
Narrow knowledge expanding of wisdom where prophecies.
? system.
Free will must be connected by vision.
Nitroglycerin choose light mics no excuse.
Right who is right.
Till we all choose light.
There is a reason for the belligerence.

Cont.

