Sugarcoated lies Lyrics
by Twisted Artistics.

Just a little something to motivate y'all.
Evil flows easy through he who slumbers.
We gotta manitain focus.
Yo.
Listen.
Yo.

I've got my eyes lifted towards the skies.
Asking for the Lord Christ.
To bless the youth of this day and age, through the chores of life.
To rise above commercialized sex and corporate lies.
To rise above school nurses with poor advice.
To state truth, no matter what pays in loot.
To do what educational systems have failed to do.
Sun, don't get too caught up in flirtation, while.
You put your seed up in a girl that may murder your child.
Either stay virgin or make certain  life made to burgeon.
Within the womb is kept safe from these two-face surgeons.
One second they're working to save a person.
And then the next they're killing, slaying and serving.
Whatever cause pays off. I'm praying for burdened.
Aching and hurting, desperate women to stay determined.
Against them henchmen of the ancient serpent.
And straight place no faith in the state that pay for the murdering.

Sweet, sugarcoated lies.
To blindfold your eyes.
Now raise your dreaded fist up and hold it high.
If you know like I.
What you hold inside.
Feel that holy fire burning in your soul tonight.
X2.

second I turn the TV on; TV tries to turn me on.
Luckily Chuck D and Flava flav told me early on.
Not to believe the hype.
Mostly brought to you by.
Large concerns with little concern for you and I.
They get their medicine steady injected into your thinking-device.
Their pockets keep on fattening.
From your TV screens to your teen-magazines.
I've caught a whiff of things happening ever since.
Back while my parents sat by me by my bedside.
And read bibel-scriptures at night and sang lullabies.
Don't forget life's a struggle at times.
You're gonna get slapped right there on the backside.
Don't let thyself be mislead by no suit and necktie.
Cause that might just be clever mind-tricks, like a jedis'.
Take advices from no red-light-infested magpie that spread lies.
Now keep your head high, that's how we get by.

