Sunday Morning Cartoons Lyrics
by Tyler Tracey.


Every Sunday I get up to watch some cartoons X6.

Every Sunday I get up to watch some cartoons.
Stay in my pajamas and eat breakfast at Noon.
Take a Tylenol to relax this hangover.
Then pick up my phone to call one of my brothers.
Roll up to their crib and get our high on.
Smoke to the roach and then we gone.
Jam to Reggae music to get us ready for the day.
Our minds are free unlike our full ashtray.
Roll up in pickup trucks, not giving a fuck.
2Pac got us screaming Westside! like we thugs.
Everyone smoking in the car except the driver.
If the police roll up on us when we with Mary Jane, we hide her.
This the life we live, July through June.
From sun up to sun down, until we see the moon.
We forget school and work are soon.
And it all started with some Sunday morning cartoons.

Every Sunday I get up to watch some cartoons X3.
We party all night but still get up in the AM.
Bugs Bunny, Tom &amp; Jerry, yeah, we watch all of them.
We get excited whenever Sunday rolls around.
Because we know it's time to unwind without a care in the world.
Every Sunday I get up to watch some cartoons X3.

Munching on some munchies we just bought.
Girls rolling up to us because we everything they boyfriends not.
Black clothes and Bob Marley attitude got us looking hot.
It's like a party in a parking lot.
We talk dreams of having a Hollywood star.
Flashy jewels and the most expensive cars.
Feature in every remix because of our incredible bars.
And to know we did it by working hard.
But today is a day off.
We aren't sick but everyone's got a cough.
From that Marijuana smoke, we all choke.
This blunt makes me happy to be broke.
We live this life every Sunday we live.
All my old friends, no new friends, no Aunt Viv.
Hanging with my family and the Tongue Twister Crew.
And it all started with some Sunday morning cartoons.

Even when it's time to get back to the everyday grind.
Drawings of talking animals always on our minds.
Sometimes normal weekday life can get so bleak.
That's why we work for the end of the week.
Life is full of stresses, you just gotta handle them right.
Work your nine to five and live it up Saturday night.
When Sunday rolls around make some toast and bacon.
Kick back as your favourite cartoons come on.
We just some kids trying to be kids.
Doing what feels right for this second of bliss.
Living the moment and not by the past.
Living each moment like it was our last.
So put on your slippers and go to the living room.
Light one up and spray the perfume.
So even if this is only for the day.
Kick back and watch some Sunday morning cartoons.

