Sunshine in the O Lyrics
by 3X Krazy.


Just pimps and ho's and playas.
No time for player haters.
Just pimps and ho's and players.
Just players, players.
Sucker free from player haters.

It be going down in the town on a Friday afternoon.
I'm in that L-Co, drinking strawberry hills boones.
And I'm thinking to myself, I ain't near perved.
It takes henn dogg and some herb just to make me swerve.
I picked up T-Funk, fat blunt in the ear lobe.
It spin likes a globe, I stick it in while I'm talking on my mobe.
To a freak of the week who be scheming.
But she ain't knowing me and funk is down for the tag teaming.

Fired up the blunt slapped the heater on, we was on.
And like always, fools to the left, player hating.
So I got ho intersection waiting while that L-Co-atin.
Came out swinging sideways, it was all so sweet.
Then threw the peace sign up, it was G's on the streets.
Out the six duece, seen orange man and eastwood.
Eyes red, on the front porch smoked in the hood.
Got back on the mobile, started dialing up some mo digits.
Cause I knew they was bugging, I seen that purple civic.
Back on the strip, fresh paint, rally's shining.
Rewinding the album called -flowautomatic nine.
Deciding should I go get another sack.
I'm in a Co, with ten in a lark, so we riding back to back.
As I start shake and bake, earth like a quake, it ain't Sunday.
I ain't hitting the lake, five-oh jacking fool, that's a mistake.
I'm just going to stick to the strip and drink that Carlo Rossi Rhine.
In the O-A-K, where we chill and parlay in the sunshine.

In the sunshine, just pimps and ho's and playas.

Breaking ho's, flashing gold, riding around in the sunshine.
Just pimp's and ho's and playas.

I woke up in the morning, ready for another day.
In the O-A-K, that's where we let the Gat spray.
Each and everyday on the foothill strip drinking tanqueray.
Smoking on a twomp sack of that bomb, I gotta stay calm.
The sun is beaming like its ho bucking season.
Ho's want to see me cause I'm like nike down looking breezy.
But I can't stop for no ho mang.
All they wanna do is hop In the lexus sitting on gold thangs with the cocaine.
White paint trimmed in gold, stopped in the liquor store so I could a cold.
four-o.
Now I'm audi five to next light, spaced out like midnight.
My game is never lazy, when I'm off that act crazy.
Tricks to the left, trick s to the right.
Tricks in daisy dukes, I'm off that crazy juice uhhh.
I'm on the foothill strip, bumper to bumper.
Suckers pass through with they crew wish and they wonder.
If the can have a town like mines.
The O-A-K, where we chill and parlay in the Sunshine.

In the sunshine, Just pimps and hoes and playas.

Breaking ho's, flashing gold, riding around in the sunshine.
Just pimp's and ho's and playas.

Once again, it's just another liquor store mission.
Stick-a-ho mission, never coochie kissing.
Cause sacks rolled up and tucked got ya fellas stuck.
That ole green rocker spliff had me tore up.
I throw up, I hope I don't because today I'm just kicking back.
Moet and hamps, dough in the pants, just parlay in slacks.
There are major highsiders in the O.
These ho's plot my dough and many bro's want to pick my fro.
Really doe, a sunny day, I'm playing for keeps.
No need for a rental, a bicycles cool, because my game is deep.
A freak peep, and looked sweet by the lakeside.
She was going to her friends to go on a bike ride.
So we went , we rode, she bent my pole.
Met her a minute ago now this heffer I can't control.
Is it because my billboard flicks, tone got the real long crisps.
Three times crazy.
Ager I feel ya, but some others don't.
I'm bippin fools off the weed smoke, selling they gats for C-notes.
And then I hit the strip and parked the bike by the curb.
Regal was coming to snatch me, Man I was kind of happy, word.
This 24 is like one of a kind.
In the O-A-K where chill and parlay in the sunshine.

And I do what I feel, and I do what I feel, when I do it.

Breaking ho's, flashing gold, riding around in the sunshine.

