Supreme Lyrics
by Xali.

Supreme iso.
My mind meditates on my flows.
Melee to the maestro, *triple high mode?*.
Rather roll a blunt than iceplode.
Grab my flag, spit the truth on the roots of the white home.
Talking government cover with laws of fucking crime code.
Time holes, five folds, knowing that all the lines potent.
Expose the eschalon.
Grab the wisdom, write with the weapon.
They know the pressure on.
Ring in your ear like pression.
Keep on pressing on.
See the profit, pictures of American prophet.
Like your pockets, a far higher option.
Half my mind is gone from the drug abuse.
Smoking addiction to calm my nerves.
I'm a troubled youth.
Blessed with the diction.
I rape with words.
I'mma fuck the booth.
Pass that to my crew.
Put her on a noose.
Lawless in cahoots.
We the niggas you should follow.
Future moulders for tomorrow.
Every beat I lay down like sleepy hollow.
Rapping till I'm headless.
But fucks giving, who affected?
Higher mind, better direction.
I'm a rebel with a reason, see the ink on the pain.
Don't think.
Call 'em *Ink or ball crane?*.
Tell 'em Xali's insane.
New Jack rap, with the sav' to get your soul smacked.
See my flow cracked, lace dope on the whole track.
Not turning, no hold back.
Slash your whole back.
My niggas fried by the pigs.
I can't get those souls back.
Watch a waterfall before your eyes.
What control that?
Take your heart to the dark, tell the gully hold that.
See the harsh, hella ugly, you've gotta behold that.
Tryn'a get control back.
Tryn'a get control back.

This is living explicit.
Breeded with a common sickness to breed the illest.
Showing you the rugged realness, raw, illicit.
Mary Magdalene on your missus watch you sitting with the Christians.
See I'll even the same subject.
Well, sin in secret reaching success.
Don't judge me, for showing you to the maximum.
Half of us are stuck in this system set to trapping us.
Finger to the government.
Yeah, this my rapping, fuck.
For all my niggas in the hood with the hatchet tucked.
See, they scratching us off the list they contain.
Of the ones they see fit with worth to maintain.
Anybody stuck in poverty, back of the line.
Take it back in your time.
Slay the back of your mind.
Cause you're black and you're kind.
How the fuck is that our problem?
Niggas wasn't born with racial options.
Higher than the cockpit?
Murder times, see the clock hit.
Earthquake your worth.
Watch the relish on your rock shift.
Immaculate conception.
Church homie reflection.
A higher mind for my new direction.
I'm on this rap shit off of these hepes.
Lyrical attraction, call me the tempest.
Talking to the trenches of new selection.
New representers of crude expression.
Still I slide different to society.
Word to the Boston's inner side of me.
Grinding to survive the streets.
The supply is cheap.
Feed your soul with bullshit.
Impose the profit on the pulpit.
Prophet of the foolish.
Pocket our option to get the poor fit.
See the gun and your currency.
Get you blew up quick.
Watch who you fool with.
All the niggas in my set are selected for my highest respect.
See our mob projects, indica in the backwood.
Niggas serving in the track hoods to get the trap good.
Contain death in black hoods, long as it's that good.
World gotta take him, crack could.
Blue collar, holla at your soul.
Yeah.
Blue collar, holla at your nigga.
Yeah.
Blue collar, holla at ya....

