Supra Dreams Lyrics
by QuayChronicles.


Way back when I had a 93 Nissan 
My only thought was. How could I be on 
Round the same time I was eatin TV dinners, 
Mama told me get out and be a winner 
And. I agree. I can't see me livin a lie: 
Mama stressin', with tears, inner eyes, 
Wonderin' how the bills gon' be paid off, 
Lights fuckin' wit her and she just got laid off 
With that in mind. I worked overtime, 
For, minimum wage and mom's peace of mind 
Even. During the times of hardly makin' ends meet 
Still had dreams of pushin', a clean Supra down 71st Street 
My ... Supra Dreams, 
 
Yeah. Now, who gon' kill my drive? 
Can'T kill this vibe 
Who gon' kill my drive 
Not. While I'm alive 
Nah, you won't kill. This drive 
Look into my eyes, won't kill this drive 
Not, while I'm alive 
Pedal to the floor. 
It'S my ... Supra Dreams, 
 
Round. The time I was pushin', a 00 Mustang 
Duckin' Sallie Mae payments, each birthday, 
Cleanin' dirty ass bathrooms for a paycheck 
I, was wonderin'. Why my life wasn't made yet 
Been strugglin' grindin, but no payoff in sight. 
Got me hustlin' no days off just to stay right, 
My light feel dimmer. Like blessings been skippin' 
Dreams slippin' breakin' down like the car, I'm whippin 
But, my pen kept movin' 
Heart kept beatin. My schemes still loomin' 
Sleep deprived, but when I closed my eyes, 
Double entendre life dreamin''bout, my drive 
My ..., Supra Dreams, 
 
Thinkin'. This is it in my leased SUV, 
No watch. But God made time for me 
Through the years my skills, sharpened, --, never slow boy. 
And bullets may kill me, but not the soul, boy, 
Whoa boy, These supra dreams, ain't, leavin', see 
Imma, be grindin for Moms state and me 
Cause. We know I can't sleep on any of my mission. 
Until my closed eyes. Visions come into fruition. 
Until Melanie Fiona. Give me a date in Miami 
Or me and Janelle Monaé in tuxes at the Grammys 
As long as my family sittin good. As the number 7 
And, I got my 96 Supra sittin' on Heaven, 
My ..., Supra Dreams, 
 
