Swallow My Pride Lyrics
by Yung Redd.


N-D-T-P nigga 
Get your money, nigga get your money nigga 
I'm, just saying, though, I'm still on the block man 
I'm trying to get mine but I'ma tell y'all. Like a nigga told me, man 
Get your money till you D-I-E man, 
 
Yung, Redd 
See. I can't back my ways: partna, not even if I tried 
Never swallow my pride or keep my feelings inside 
There ain't. Nothing to hide. You can see it in my eyes, 
A couple minor setbacks. Still at least I tried 
For every nigga that died for every mama that cried 
To every kid that heard a shot scared to come outside 
Pay attention. Y'All I'ma tell you, like a nigga, told me 
No matter what get paper till you D-I-E nigga 
With, all the shit that I been through dead ends where I been to 
It's a couple of issues: I'd rather not get into 
Never thought. I'D fill my vault with just a paper and pencil 
You ain't got ta pay me back for that money. I sent ya 
Took mine, while the getting was good. 
Feel like a prison just to live in the hood 
If ya could ya would find a way out. Never wear your days out 
And, really I'm just trying to get paid till. I fade out. 
 
Nine when I ride high until I die 
Don't ask why I just won't mind: 
Rain sunshine, I'm on my grind 
Don't ask why I'd never swallow my pride 
Yeah, listen! You'Ll never do me and it's a million niggas in the street like
me 
My eyes: wired shut. You don't see what I see. 
I'Ve been hunting for weeks. Ain'T no time to sleep, 
Still a nigga got ta eat. Try to feel me: 
 
Lil Ron, 
Ask! No questions get told, no lies 
That's. Why I blow the arm when I'm rolling by 

I trust, no one to ride. On the other side, 
You got ta walk in my shoes to see it like. I see it. 
If ain't, no money being made. I ain't staying! I'M leaving 
Not down with betraying the fam' believe it 
I'm. Just relieving my mind it's time for me to speak, it 
It ain't, a click of niggas like the team I run with 
Bitches, get y'all set up cause y'all, doing dumb shit 
Click-boom there go the tool. Speaking to you, fools 
He was innocent, but his man made too many moves, 
Oh. Well, his chick like taking pictures, nude 
Running through the crew. I ain't faking what you do 
I play photographer and let her do what she do 
Run through the homies, let her screw. She screwed 
 
Unique 
Collect the thoughts from the back of my mind and then 
Reel'em out in the raps that I rhyme and then 
Resco' go package'em down 
Hit the block grind'em hard. Like a package of dimes yeah 
I'm on my mash fa sho, I can't stall black 
You can call me what you want cause. I be all that 
Tickle this fo' nickel and make you fall back. 
You came all tough, but nigga had to crawl back. 
I see facts had the figga fa, sho' 
Peep game, peep, lames, that these niggas is hoes 
Yeah. It take work just to get in the do' 
But. Why you faking and you shaking I'll, be getting this do'. Ay 
 
Scooby 
Some, niggas ain't, acting the same mayn 
Grit bout to start slapping you lames, mayn, 
Our money, nigga that ain't a game; mayn 
You try to get us. We gon splatter your brains, mayn 
And, I'm harder than any you. Artists, 
I'ma be the nigga in the winter, that's getting it regardless. You retarded 
And the meaning we bringing it so important. 
Of you thinking of intervening believe that you a target yeah 
And, I'm making it better for niggas, that's starving 
Trying to get they cheese up. We can't leave'em back, they need us 
Please brah. You ain't walked on my streets, 
So, how the fuck you gon have the nuts to try me yeah 
, 
Poppy 
See. I am what I am and it is what it is. 
I'Ve seen some shife shit in the city. I live 
Lil', kids man they out there bad they out on the Ave 
With a mouth full of butter chasing mountains of cash 
And on the other. Half some cats is taking another path, 
Struggling wondering how long will the trouble last 
I'm trying to bubble past what everyone expected fo' me 
Accept, it homie this the road God selected. Fo' me 
So, don't question! My motives know that I'm focused 
Niggas is hating. I'M hear em and I know that they bogus 
But, I ain't gon, let my boat pass me by 
So. When I do what I do. Don'T ask my why 
 
