Swear 2 God Lyrics
by Yung Massina.


I'Ma mob go hard 
If, we need it. I'M on the motherfucking job, 
I'ma grind til. We shine 
No lying. I put my life up on the line 
I'm committed to get it 
And put on for my motherfucking city. 
I won't stop get this guap 
Til me and all of my niggas on top man, I swear to God, 
 
No, more flipping birds call them junkies, get the word out 
‘bout to make them haters be silent, like the word doubt 
Lord. I hope it work out. If this shit don't exercise 
Then, it's back to the trap. Nigga, you ain't never lied. 
‘Cause. Have you ever tried sleeping when your guap gone 
Couldn't get through them naps with a hot comb, 
Yellow box of cereal, the only pops in my home 
And. I ain't trying to meet another one. Nigga, I'm grown 
And, I'm on Money, Makaz MV-Player, 
My team, traded, Derrick nigga. We don't need favors 
And, we don't see haters. All we see is the money. 
Like created player, stats i'ma, keep it 100 
 
 Got ta love. It i'm a product of it. I'Ve been thugging 
Ever since they closed Wadley Middle School 
Nothing new, I been a fool, always went against the rules. 
I had intentions to stay out on the corner all night, because the rent was due. 
Money was the principle the streets, the teacher 
If you out there looking sweet, you better know them. Beasts will eat ya. 
Every night, you got them creatures out there on the hunt 
Been at war with the police. So we out there on the front 
Niggas out there want to stunt this ain't. No motherfucking fashion show 
Motherfucking lives is on the line, so get your cash and go 
Don't know what you asking for this shit is real 
End up, stressing in a cell or you risking getting killed. 
 
Them guys done. Put my nigga in the big house. 
He got no bail and I ain't talking ‘bout the prize. 
You. Add that to the lies. When I'm down they just Pele me 
But life's a big test, so I stood up when they S-A-T 
I, guess that shit is just tv when the judge carin' 
So. I won't give a fuck when I cop that new Maclaren 
And, I ain't, Ozzy Osbourne, I ain't fucking, sharin' 
And. It ain't got no kids, but that shit is apparent. 
I'Ma sit, atop the stairs and send a shot to he who steps 
Man. I don't give a fuck who right let's go to war and see who left 
Heavyweight – I got the belt bitch, I'm ‘bout to be the top dog 
And. I put that on everything like hot sauce, 
 
