Sweet Dream Lyrics
by 3rdiiiUth.


I had a dream that my soul was stolen. Actually, no. I sold it.
But the whole situation seemed so hopeless.
Before it all unfolded it was dope until the.
Guys setting prices, trying to buy the rhymes told me.
Turn a blind eye, as they took a.
couple lines.
Saw them cook a couple lies as they through it in the batter.
As I heard the chitter chatter. This and that'll make you famous.
Make you matter! Silver platter.
served up all the wiring.
Fame and the fortune. The songs of a siren. Aspiring for.
What I'm destined for desiring..
I once.
Was a lion that roamed through the lands of Zion before I was tamed by pirates.

Why must I die just so that I can live? I watch a Muslim digesting a pig.
As a priest is molesting a kid. Allegedly, they telling me that that's what I.
did.
They said a man dies best when he kill himself, 'fore I digress.
Readers digested the kid. Arrested the kid. I'm imprisoned by attraction.
As my lust takes control of my action, and it's.
Actually half of the fraction of the subtraction they're doing to my passion.

It changed how I thought, into a train of thought.
That made me oblivious the pain that I brought.
From the way that I talk to the way that I walk.
As I walk on the train tracks that break if I spark.
I watch as a dog causes pain with a bark.
To a herculean man, with a tied back mane, and some muzzled up.
Fangs that could slay through a rock, and it was the.
Same bark that had murdered 2Pac..
All this.
Through a cage that they all kept me locked in. I watched them.
Change up the name of the doctrine.
My actions controlled by an actor they dropped in.
With the same name, but his brain was concocted.
As I was a plane with a lame in the cockpit. I need a damn.
Locksmith. God just stop it.

First from a dream, to a twisted nightmare.
Lost in a fallacy of this writers affair.

I'm envisioning a young black Icarus. And his wings they're beginning there.
diminishing.
His body's still flying, but his soul in it's innocence.
Falls through the floor to fires in the pit of it.
His resistance is killed at the concrete, but his body is way beyond arms.
reach.
Soaring in a plane that is landing in Palm Beach.
But it's really just a dresses up Zombie. I'm weak from the image.
And still feel powerless. Soul isn't powerless, I just lack empowerment's.
touch.
Hidden under bricks it's a bit too much. Up until the actor, only very.
briefly.
He sees me. It's almost like he wants to release me.
It's his ball now. Free me or defeat me.
Hold up. Suddenly I'm not so sleepy.
Nothing comes easy.

First from a dream, to a twisted nightmare.
Lost in a fallacy of this writers affair.
Back to the place where your dreams ran your soul.
You try to hide it, but everyone knows.
You try to validate what you do not own.
Explosions of rhythmic patterns and intone.
Our audacious trial and we hereby.
Give you a song of rest. Your dreams lullaby.

