Swim
by Zip K..


First, shoutouts to Monte Carlo, Carlo.
Nigga bravo.
Young Kennedy's a Boozer and I ain't talking Carlos.
Tell the waitress bring the bottles, bottles.
I'm hardly adult.
But I took tabbies on who gives a shit and guess what I don't.
I'm in the Chevy.
The Henny was heavy.
But Jenny was ready to leave, so we left.
It's hard to hope my vision steady.
Nonetheless we keep our eyes up on the street, we don't want to wreck.
But I'm D.U.I., so why do I drive, I have no reply.
I hit a speed bump as I ride 95.
I closed my eyes, we're suspended.
I believe I can't fly, but R. Kelly lied.
Chevy flips and with the ground we collide.
Skrt on the side of the road to the town lake.
Hear the pebbles on the ground shake.
As we drown in murky water.
Now brown as pound cake.
I see a fish went to my window and the flounder say.
Your like the fifth car this week thats been around the way.

Why do all the humans wait so late to take a swim.
Why they're swimming with me, liquors swimming in them.
Yeah, they get there empty cups and then they fill it to the brim.
Then you drive it like a dummy.
Hit the lake and then you meet me at the bottom.
You don't wanna end up at the bottom.
Swim, Fly, Run from the bottom.
Boy, you better Swim, Fly, Run.
Girl, you better Swim, Fly, Run.

Mr. Fish, what a fishy coincidence.
Who would've dreamed getting tipsy would freaking get me this.
Now we're heading to the the bottom, Me and Jenny.
Pretty Jenny in this brand new Chevy.
Of which I spent a pretty penny.
Now them penny's sinking, Zip what was you freaking thinking.
Teenagers lose they're life to drinking, I see it every weekend.
I'm not trying to freak you out, I'm just saying you should keep it.
On levels you can contain, try using your brain.
I'm bout to do something that I don't usually do.
I'm bout to get my crew to push you to the top of the bayou.
All you have to do is promise.
Wisely choose when using Brews.
And never cruise when you abuse the booze.
Follow the rules.
I said Mr. Fish, I promise I'll never.
You know I'm lying but I promise no more driving, my limits I recognized them.
I saw other fish arrive.
They came in schools of 85.
As they swam us to the surface.
They all sang this and we heard them singing.

I wake up coughing waters.
These awful waters saturate me from my hat to my socks.
I try to the dock to see Jenny and she's drenched and she's got.
Seaweeds all on her but I'm just happy shes breathing.
Man, I thought she was a goner.
And this Chevy at the bottom of the god forsaken lake.
But it's ok, cause unlike humans any car can be replaced.
I just wish that I could thank Mr. Fish in the future.
I'll try to stay away from any entree of fish filet.
I feel so fortunate, I may just lay and sing amazing grace.
Had to many shots, no chase.
But couldn't negate amazing taste.
I nearly lost my fucking face.
I nearly made my fucking grave.
And I'm responsible for Jenny's unresponsive ass.
I hate the fact I compromise my sanity.
But look at humanity.
I'm not saying don't have fun.
I'm just saying know your limit.
Or be prepared to visit.
Mr. Fish, he'll see no difference.
All fishes think we're ignorant.
Cause we're smart but we don't listen.

