Take Shit Lyrics
by Unnamed.


I never thought I'd one day become famous and I still don't.
I only rap so there's something in my mouth that ain't smoke.
And if you don't like me I'll still shove my songs down your throat.
Cause it's the only thing that keeps me sane at times where I could blow.
I don't talk to my Dad, he was a no show.
So recently I cut him out of all of my photos.
And didn't bother calling him because I know.
If I see him I'd kill the motherfucker with a remote.
Control explosive device becuase you know I don't.
Give a fuck about shit so bitch you better know.
If you talk shit about me all I gotta do is call my bro.
And there'll be 50 people on their way to your front door.
And I say door because I can't say do'.
Cause that type of accent ain't applicable to us English folk.
But I can still spit bars so cool I feel ice cold.
You should know by now I do much more than rock the boat.
I tip that bitch over so you fuckers better hope you float.
But even if you did I'd just step on you like stepping stones.
And all I do is block your path like a traffic cone.
And like Hopsin said, you're gonna remember my name ho.
Cause.

I won't take shit from you.
I won't take shit from anyone.
I won't listen to you.
I won't stop until I'm done.

If you got a problem with me.
You can even bring your gun.
If you want beef with me.
I'll fuck you up one on one.

This music game, man it's hard to get into.
I can't open the door to fame, it's fucked up man it's true.
And as I go to the key hole and take a peak through.
I see Lil B and Future stuck inside like food in your tooth.
I ain't like those other rappers, I can't even record properly.
I'm using a USB microphone that I got for free.
And shit, on YouTube 100 views is a lot to me.
And this game ain't fun, it makes me bored like monopoly.
Man most of this shit I write ain't from my mind, it's the weed.
And some of the shit I say is because of the speed.
And don't forget about all the crack that I fiend.
But remember two thirds of my rhymes are just bullshit I need.
And there's too many rappers out there, it's hard to get noticed.
And I can barely write rhymes it takes me hours to get focussed.
And to make it worse I got these dickheads flying around me like locusts.
They just hang around me and they serve no purpose.

Will I be famous one day?
Who knows? I'll just keep my finger's crossed.
And if one day I run this game.
I'll still be screaming fuck off!

Because I do what I want.
I answer to nobody.
And I will overcome anything.
That you can throw at me.

BANG!

