Take Notice Lyrics
by Wu Block.

.
Niggas pulled me up out the bed for this shit, man.
Just know I got a cold, I'm coughing everywhere.
Shaking, freezing, covers on right now.
Come on, man, yo, let me get some tea, man, throw some ginger in there.
Word up, just telling me to throw onions and garlic in my socks.
I ain't with all that, hand me some Theraflu, some Nyquil or something.
Youknowhatimsaying? I gotta do what I gotta do though, voice scratchy and all.
I gotta get those coins, I need coins right now, yo.
It's what it is, check me out, yo, aiyo.
.
Ghostface Killah.
You can catch me on G-Street, snowflake fur on.
Cubaned out, neck looking all beastie.
Don't pass me the blunt, I'm cooling, sixteen hundred grams.
On his concrete land, it's moving.
From here to La Cienaga, I do hood yoga.
I pull muscles counting money, need a new shoulder.
Bitches circle round me on the block, I'm bossed up.
I ain't stabbing nothing less she got a horse butt.
Fuck her on the side of the building, that's a 'walnut'.
She pregnant, ten minutes ago, she had a small gut.
One apostle, Cuban Link skit.
Montana Medellin, blowing both nostrils.
Stick up kids stay away, Shaolin is far from your Emerald City.
Call it Ox Town, trust me, I give you fifty.
V necks on a different level.
Staple your collar bone, you don't want no bass treble.
.
I feel murder in the air, yeah, where my soldiers.
Where the hood at? Bring 'em out, need ya'll to hold us.
We gon' march until the whole entire world take notice.
Wu-Block, take notice, Wu-Block, take notice.
.
Sheek Louch.
I'm dreaming, at the bar with Barack's wife.
Nancy Reagan making shots for us, TMZ said they saw us.
Hillary said I frighten her.
Alarm go off, choking off the teeth whitener.
I'm Don-Don, Daily News, fitted be true blue.
I don't gang bang, but my niggas be Su-Wu.
It's only a few niggas in the game that I'm true to.
She mad I won't fuck her, go wash that poo-poo.
Yo, Starks, tell Vel to book more suits.
Aiyo, Vel, tell L to call more treats.
Snow bunnies, house wives of Orange County.
We gun smoking bonanzas, with no bounty.
See me? My chain lower than your GPA.
See them shooters in that building? They hear to stay.
Said you getting that for cheaper, well, what you pay?.
Sometimes I feel like Naughty, Hip Hop Hooray.
.
