Takin' Ours Lyrics
by VonBock.


Wow, you have so much music, what are you listing too?…

Man…Damn…Ha…
Man this brings me back, back in the garage.
Rapping with the fucking, laptop mic and shit.
Oh man.
It's weird right bout now really, yeah, yeah.

I'm living for the dreams, rolling doujas in the nebulas.
Classy rhymes, classy times, building up my reputare.
I'm ridin' with the heat, but keep my air conditioned.
Purple hazes, funny faces, keep my space partitioned.

That's that limousine lifestyle, ridin' with the spinning rims.
See gold teeth, gold laces, striving in this game of sins.
Amber weighs the green and purple kush is majesty.
Two faced rappers got this phantom on this travesty.

I'm ridin' with the mass, call this young and chang sport.
Sensport, got dudes with all the hash up in my jansport.
Lift until my hands work, murder making menace.
Verbing, by the, sentence, on these, levels, with my pens.

I be reaching out to County, features and these paid prices.
Studio life and slow drinks decipher all of my vices.

Refrain - VonBock.
I dun stepped up and I made mine.
I dun stepped up and I took mine.

I been riddin' wit my people but that's old news.
Cali livin' so you know I'm whippin' old schools.
That's that clean paint, that's them big wheels.
That's that g shit rollin' wit this new feel.
I been riddin' wit my people but that's old news.

All around da world from the beach to the city.
Entertainment groups, and producers fuck with me.
Quite simple I'm being, the best me.
Spittin' a 16 whilst rapping 360's.

Minds in the gutter like 66 plus 3.
Feel me, I'm countin', all of my blessings.
The come back, I came back, the game it's official.
Straight to the top, that I'm shootin' no pistols.

I'm talking bout that rojamin.
I'm talking bout those bottles of wine.
Don't really know where I draw the line.
This crazy life, I realized.

Posted up wit dat new shit, but I'm banging out wit dat old skool.
Don't know now who I'm cool with, I'm rollin' out but dates old news.
Old tunes, old crew, pick n choose, Cali view.
About time, it's overdue, now I'm seeing dat revenue.

Refrain - Jinsin.
I dun stepped up and I made mine.
I dun stepped up and I took mine.

