Talk Lyrics
by Uniq Mic.


Keep on talking coz less we pleasin.
Me still on 1 how come you still chasin.
Changes you dont see any, you talking Opti nfana ndi gonthi.
Ndili pa top ma hater nonse kumbuyo.
Sindikudabwa when you talking behind my back.
So keep it up...... Tweet my shit.
I know you are just here to wipe my ass.
Ndine nswati, akudziwa.
Player wa ma bits kusiya akulira.
Ngati tembo nah sindikugiva.
Muthoka mutopa nfana ndinavaya.
Muku-spirta, sindikupunthwa.
Ku pusha, sindikusuntha.
Ndikulemba za sharp..... Ever.
Whats to be hated, the game or player?
OPTI!!!!

Minor Blecs:.
Dema talk dema mock everytime when am rapping on.
Me ain't gonna stop to da top is where am heading on.
So let dem talk talk talk talk me ain't gonna stop to de top is where am.
heading on on.
Uniq Mic:.
So u can keep on talking.
U can keep on talking.
But still de fact is dat me moving on, yeah-ay *2.

I have been through a lot.
Trying to be da best and I get wit da pain when am about to put everybody down.
stop me its Minor Blecs/blakes mphwanga.
I rap my own if you hate siwe nzanga.
Ma skill ndi ambiri izi nde ndizosakamba.
Then i get many gals when I'm out of doors.
And I be killing bits like a fugitive.
Nigga am 1 of those, yeah, ofcourse I be the definition of a lyrical store.
Nigga slow jams of a low tone when I put a post nigga you own.

B.T.C.

I don't give an eff cause I ain't a cruel teacher.
Life is a movie: I stick to the script like java.
Can't change me with your talk, amma stay like this forever.
mind your business : quote from the scripture.
Yeah, talk is cheap, even you afford it.
Y'all talk and I walk like a wisp of snipe.
See me on the charts like a transformer as I step up.
I'm a star that won't fall cause my name ain't shooting.
Won't stop till am MW's foot : leg-end, get it? Legend.
People talk ignore them, money talks then listen.
I will still grind like the maize mill.
I will still shine like I said I will.
I play a word well like am playing a girl.
Talk all u want, am still real.

B.T.C.

