Talk To Frank Lyrics
by Virus Syndicate.


He took 2 tabs on tick.
But came back for a Q ball - later.

And it's on that he spends all his - paper.
And he'll take bash in a drought.
I push that one on him as a favour.
I take that cash and I'm out.
Yeah I know what the stake's are.
I shot a box of the grass.
More time laced with sugar and glass.
I sold it for 44 but then I bought it for 4 so you do the math.
I take a penicillin tablet.
Hit it with a hammer then I turn it to bash.
Still I keep pulling in the man like magnets.
Shot em out the cheap shit.
Turn it to cash.

I knew I had a chip on my shoulder.
Never thought it would matter much when I got older.
Mamma wanna good boy so that's what I showed her.
Can't tell her bout my life on the street as a soldier.
But they told you the rules from the start.
1 - keep business apart from the heart.
2 - be ambitious but you've gotta play your part.
3 - you can either be stupid or smart.
If your in it then be in it for a purpose.
The game don't stop coz your timid or nervous.
Unemployed - to society your worthless.
Never had a job, but I've got 2 workers.
I'm no victim or martyr.
I'm a hustler baby.
Like S dot Carter.
From the start had my brain in gear.
Now I'm telling young G's.
Get your training here.

You can say no.
You don't have to get high it's cool.
But I've got flake, blues, MDMA and Peruvian nasal fuel.
You can say no.
You don't have to get high it's cool.
But I've got flake, blues, MDMA and Peruvian nasal fuel.
I'll sell em magic.
I'll sell em coke.
I'll sell em anything right down from crack to dope.
I'll sell em magic.
I'll sell em coke.
I'll sell em anything right down from crack to dope.

I can get Keys for about 5 G's.
Then shot it in 8th's and 10's.
That's how I make some friends.
Then I get rid of it all and do the same again.
Coz profit yeah I've got it.
It's the topic of the week.
So I drop it on the beat.
Like the topic of the week.
It's Friday night and in ready for the mad shit.
One gram coke, one gram magic.
Time for me to get - wasted.
Have a sip of this yo - taste it.
Saturday night and I'm on it again.
More drink, more drugs, more chronic again.
Time for me to get - wasted.
Have a sip of this yo - taste it.

I only ever stepped on the toes of my foes.
Ask your hoes what I put in their nose.
You can test mine line for line.
I'm a pretty bright guys so it gots to shine.
I've had the Midas touch since 12 years old.
I can turn power into gold.
Who am I to spurn my gift.
Even if them other top shottas are miffed.

There's no business like dope business.
Well no business I know.
Coz everybody out here tryina sell something.
What are you tryina offload?
There's no business like dope business.
Well no business I know.
Coz everybody's out here tryina make paper.
Everybody's tryina get doe.

