Teleprompters Lyrics
by The Uncluded.


Ever since I was a kid.
On the backs of my two eyelids.
I hid two Teleprompters there.
Transmitting words from who knows where.
Walkie-talkie on a mission.
Roger, roger will I listen.
Or will I just pass it along.
In the form of a sing-a-long.
Whammies and Noids be void and null.
I feel a tingle in my skull.
Like ticker tape the words appear.
There's a parade between my ears.
I preach self-love I know it's true.
It's easier to say than do.
I send the messages to you.
But now I need to hear them too.
I am beautiful I am powerful I am strong and I am loveable.
I am beautiful I am powerful I am strong and I am loveable.

I was laying bricks in a line.
Yap full of dog toy.
Picturing a life beyond that of a protocol droid.
Bleep bloop boy ox boycott.
pea soup.
First learn to eat paint at St. Peter's preschool-yum.
Now that's a painkiller I can speak through.
Airbrush letters on a pristine gene pool.
See my mother said her father drew a ton.
But all his cartoons had been swallowed by the Susquehanna flood in '72.

The year that he would subsequently pass.
I know he had a stroke but I assume that's only half.
And now I'm signing up for finger-drawing class in a tux like a gentleman.

Marrying his ash to his dust.
Last on the kickball team draft pick-list.
First to the King Kullen practicing his kickflips.
I'd like to say it's ‘cause I was a rebel.
Truthfully it's easier to say “oh hell” instead of “hello”.

I dunno, I don't wanna be there when the geometry domino.

Maybe, or maybe his pace is better suited for pacing.

Never I am nailed to the floor-I am snail under pressure.

Fine.

Ever since I was a kid.
On the backs of my two eyelids.
I hid two Teleprompters there.
Transmitting words from who knows where.
And this is why when I'm on stage.
My eyes are closed I'm in a haze.
I look like I'm made out of clay.
I'm overwhelmed and under-glazed.
I'm making vases out of snakes.
I'm a kiln half-full of.
mistakes.
When kneading it, air's overlooked.
It's gonna crack when it gets cooked.
So self-forgiveness is the key.
To re-sculpting my sanity.
Mindfulness, humility.
And taking time to care for me.
I preach self-love I know it's true.
It's easier to say than do.
I sing these messages to you.
But now I need to hear them too.
I am beautiful I am powerful I am strong and I am loveable.
I am beautiful I am powerful I am strong and I am loveable.

I was laying bricks in a line.
Yap full of copper-top.
Picturing a life beyond that of a dish-washer bot.
Buzz ping.
Criss-crossed arms in a tub ring.
Learned heartbreak on a Zelda-1 sub screen-numb.
Learned dark days by the scent of poached dove meat.
Some part ways and it's fugly.
Maybe the sum of the parts became lesser.
That each individually making the same gesture.
And you don't wanna interrupt the overlapping network.
So you throw a bag together and elope with cabin pressure.
To disappear instead of interfere with nutty customs.
And differing definitions of liberty and justice.
Big dummy dig a hole in the dirt.
He put his head in the hole; he is alone in this world.
And dying slowly from the comfort of his home full of worms.
Until you hear a little voice say “yo let's go get dessert”.
Wait-what?
You need to get out more.
I dunno-over 2 million dead bats in NY alone.
You need to get out more.
Maybe, maybe not.
Maybe I'll just stay back and survey the lot.
You need to get out more.
Never I am nailed to the walls in a jail made of deserts.
You need to get out more.
OK.

