That'll Work Lyrics
by Ty Infinite.


Ty Infinite's here, 
Yo 
Mic check one two 
Turn my mic up: 
Check it 
 
Time to fill with sickness down with it 
Kicking it like Germany-Brazilian business, 
It's, nothing to spit the illest 
Causing stillness in the hearts of millions. 
So wait until I make it to the top 
No more baking of the pot man. I'M focused with a plot. 
Any bogus kick rocks a cocaine, never locked 
So sniff, it never walk again. 
Cause my batch is the potent 
Deadly attacking like dosage is overloaded 
And. You ain't have the whole thing. 
So suppose what'll happen on the second hit 
Rebirth of person in the hearse 
And, just to die another time from the third one 
I'll rip any mic with addictive lines: 
Take no time with nonfictious rhymes 
Unlike, the predicament of fake rappers. Trying 
Take notes: yo man, I'm taking what's mine, 
Crown of the town I live in country's next 
I'm, giving fair forewarning, 
I'm livid enough to trek a universal pillage 
Cause. I ain't getting the respect. I deserve 
All of this hard work, stacking. These skills, 
To kill all rappers who stand in my way. Yo 
I'm, just rapping right now, wait until the classics' out 
But. First, I'm obscuring the wacks that out 
 
 Protagonist, antagonizing 
 Words get blurted like I'm packing, nines and .
 Irrationally rationalizing .
 This lurking curse became past time and that'll work, 
, 
, Protagonist, antagonizing 
 Words get blurted like I'm packing, nines and .
 Irrationally rationalizing 
Ty Infinite's here, 
 
N-Debt and Slawth started the killing of all fake rappers 
Well. This is the genocide, I'm the G.O.F.R. and wielding daggers 
Stabbing you bastards in the front, not the back 
Man. That'S for coward actors, sneak dissing 
But when you see them they friend, but you, ain't, listening, 
Go, die and rot and feel the Pulse of the Maggots 
I've progressed faster in two years. 
Than you have in your whole career, 
 
And. You claim been doing this shit for your whole life 
So. Why you still suck 
Just check the music homie. It don't lie, 
Unlike, your false self, masking all your faults! Well, 
You're, soon to be uncovered discovered, so bro, it's all! Well, 
I've mastered flowing I'll sack your boat 
And attack, the boasting wack faggot soaking 
This, no roasting, I'm loco imposing 
And; no, it won't quit yo 
, 
I'm superhuman. My computing unit infinitely zooming 
Never quitting with the fuming 
Two nukes, wouldn't even near the booming of this rage of late 
So, stay away. I swear I'll, lose it 
And, let loose the atomics of the apocalypse. 
I swear I'll. Do it 
Nike Check, causing catastrophic massive bombings? 
I'M about to graduate to Hydrogen, I like shit, lawless, 
So, bye-bye Mr. Government and all its followers 
And. Also all the fraudulent song talkers 
Picking up the pace a little bit 
A little quicker than the most can even follow. 
And belittle competition 
Taking out the garbage, like it's Tuesday, 
Exing all on my shit list, so get this 
Ty Infinite is here and he ain't cocky, he's confident. 
So get ready cause there ain't no way of stopping him. 
 
And there you have it
 
