The Fireworks Lyrics
by Tyler Gary.


Had to lose their minds I'm here to save mankind....
Hopefully you can listen to me testify.
This glorious rhyme so fall in love.

Uh, what the mother fuck is wrong with me?
I've been writing songs but lately they're much more than songs to me.
I wonder how Santa Claus stays so jolly he's.
Giving out these presents when there's never one that he'll receive.
Shit, I mean he gets some cookies.
But the payoff isn't adding up not even to a rookie.
I would bet my bottom dollar, fold, and pass it to a bookie.
That this nigga don't appreciate the way the future's looking.

Growing up all I ever wondered 'bout.
Was who I'd fall in love with I would guess at what she's doing now.
Will she be the type I cannot live without?
Or will I tell her lies? all I ever fucking feel is doubt.
That I will recover, the past is all I think about.
Mobbin' round town with my mothafuckin' pinkies out.
Patrick Star will tell you what that's all about.
I must announce I must denounce my heart is fully functional.
So... until the day I'm punching out.
I'll always be a skeptic every chance I get to settle down.
I feel something is missing, my serotonins running low.
And every time we're kissing, the fireworks just never show.. so....

I'm just waiting for the fireworks... tonight.
I'm just looking for the fireworks....
If you see them can you tell me are they bright?
I've been searching for a minute.
Now i'm starting to lose interest.
If you ever talk to Cupid ask him why he's so pretentious.
I feel like i'm in detention, why you holding me back?
Even though i've got a lighter, where the fuck is my match?

Who knows? 20 women trynna pose.
They just want to fall in love without screaming Geronimo.
High heels tight dress that's showing her body off.
At Club Matrix she orders an adios.
Actually make it dos.
Tonight she's taking him home.
Cause she's tired of fucking waiting.
She hates sleeping alone.
She won't settle for less.
But her patience is outgrown.
She ain't dying alone, we ain't dying alone.
Something that we've all once thought.
I second guessed when I fell for thot, oh God.
I dried my tears and i wiped my snot.
Grabbed a pen then i wrote this song, so long.

How could you do it but you don't really mean it?
How could you do it just because you've seen it?

I'm just waiting for the fireworks... tonight.
I'm just looking for the fireworks....
If you see them can you tell me are they bright?
I've been searching for a minute.
Now i'm starting to lose interest.
If you ever talk to Cupid ask him why he's so pretentious.
I feel like i'm in detention, why you holding me back?
Even though i've got a lighter, where the fuck is my match?

