The Answer Lyrics
by XEL.

Xel 
See - I woke up this morning with a lot on my mind: 
But with the age it get better like a bottle of wine. 
I hit the throttle and climb shit. I thought I was flyin' 
But. They don't know my brain at all man. I caught all the signs 
Follow in line I'mma lead them to the slaughterhouse 
Fuckin' rats in this game. I don't need them. Man, I caught a mouse 
Thought about try'na toss'em out. There'S a lot of doubts. 
Tell me why they would never let me fly cause if anybody try ... 
To, stop me, then I'm on a route 
On a mission to the top, and I never gave a fuck 
If they listenin' or not, and they call me the evil. Author 
Twistin' up the plot man, your vision, gon na stop 
Cause. You can't reach these levels. 
I'Mma do the best. I can to try to release these devils 
And. They sayin' I'm a loser with a dream, but it's okay, 
Cause, I'm mixin' up the green with the Jose' 
Throw a couple capsules in my mouth, then I'm out 
Lookin' at the scenes. It'S a roadway, 
So, fuck y'all! You ain't seen me in like five years 
So! Well put together with these bright ideas, 
Family dyin' every other month, doin' the best I can 
To try to fight my tears 
Lookin' at the map. I'Ve been cookin' up. This crack 
Get pushed and I react. Roll the kush up out. The sack 
Go ahead, judge me, but the people rollin' with me 
Knowin' that they always gon na be .... Livin', lovely 
Me and my cousin blew a grand in a weekend. 
We had the evil in our veins, couldn't even stand with a deacon 
I, don't fuck with religions with their pamphlets and preachin' 
See. I'M takin' my fans to the deep end 
And my brain cells melt in the cancerous regions, 
I answer with trees and 
XEL got it. Fuckin' stitched on my KC fitted 
You with that wack shit. Try to replace me with it 
Man this state means business 
And. They sayin'. I ain't shit. Well, I hate these critics 
I'mma show up at they doorstep, 
With a switchblade, better watch your steps, 
Stomp em' with the Gore-tex force-fed 
These motherfuckers thinkin', they a Godfather 
Till they wake up in they whore's bed with a horse head 
Yeah, I rep the Rez ain't, no Country bumpkin 
Got, a hundred on the bag and them subs are bumpin' 
Had a motherfucker try'na check me. He failed man, 
It wasn't nothin' try'na, get a fuckin' buzz or something 
When. I was 10 years old, almost went to military school 
But. Still I bury fools sold weed from 14 to 18 
Cause. I'D really rather have more green than straight green 
The. Lord king you're hating, it really seems to me, like 
Your team, is waiting 
Fed myself and the family around me 
Paid my bills, but insanity surround me. 
Calamity done found me fillin' up a bucket 
Full of dreams with the canopy to drown me 
Shit, you don't fuckin' get it. I been doin' this for years, 
Ain't. Nobody even believe in it get ruined by your peers, 
Grew up in the slum shit from the sewers. I appear no .... 
You are not a fear. Only scared, of
ghosts and bees. 
You ain't on that list. Get a bong. Fat
Rips 
I been gone past six ain't, nobody gettin' through to me 
 Got ta, go spit it fluidly. They really need a song that hits 
Man. My people put me on, I don't take all the credit 
Do, my shit in one take and you fake all the edits. 
When you punch-in man, I punch in your face. 
And tell it's sunken slumpin' 
Erase, you pathetic MC's. If you even
call yourself that 
Had a huge plan, but it all just - fell flat, 
You wan na beef with X, then you gon' need respect. 
Somebody, tell me where the million dollar wealth at 
And. I started this Xtraordinary flow 
Motherfuckers'bout to get buried low, 
 
Wake me up when I'm on 
Take me out this time zone 
Conquer the town while I'm stompin' the ground, 
Ain't no talkin' with me, cause my mind, gone 
Yeah, my mind: gone ... 
It's, the answer
 
