The Soul Lyrics
by RuMeal.


See I'm just tryna talk to you.
Learn all the things that inspire you &amp;.
Show you how much i admire you.
I just want to have that talk.
..... can we talk?

What should I say?... I mean there's a lot I can talk to you about.

Girl look past those insecurities, view all I see in you.
Your flaws are not a problem, that just let's me know it's real &amp; true.
Just know I love your silhouette, don't tell me that you're out of shape.
If ever you should fall for me, I'd catch you before your heart could break.
I wanna be there in the morning when you wake up &amp; kiss on all your flaws.
before you put on any make up.
I wanna act on a lust whenever I feel your touch but I know this is something.
that we can't rush.
&amp; girl I know you got it for me.
Whenever I look into your eyes I see what the future can be yea.
Yea I want you girl &amp; all your regrets.
You say your last man was the worse you hope I give you my best.
&amp; I know when you feel a bit unsure you'll put my words to the test.
When you know I'm true to all these words you might reward me with sex.
You're so seductive dancing in your black dress sipping red wine.
Your eyes show me the road to your soul I'll reach your heart in time.
I know this might be forward but you should go on a date with me.
You say you need a get away just know you could escape with me &amp;.

Time to kill the lines &amp; erase the lies.
Search for the divine to find a soul.
Time to kill the lies &amp; erase the lines, erase the lines.
Search for a divine to find a soul, to a find a soul.

&amp; I don't mind if it takes time cause I'm just tryna find my way to you.
To me you're such a goddess so I'm gonna put my faith in you.

We'll take a trip across the world just to vacate in a penthouse suite.
You got it girl, you got it girl, my ride or die cause you bout it girl.
As long as I got you by my side then I'll always know that I got the world.
I'll acknowledge all of your efforts when your hair did &amp; your nails done.
The type of woman that don't need a man but take pride that you got a good one.
&amp;.
Girl your love is one in a million.
I always get that feeling every time we just be chilling.
You don't ever need my money cause you got your own.
The kind of woman that can make a house feel like a home.
Just know I'm gonna spoil you with these spa days &amp; shopping sprees.
If I could buy your time just know I'll pay you with my loyalty.
&amp; no you won't regret it if you make your final choice in me.
Now every minute that we spend I pray you're forever close to me &amp;.

