The experiment Lyrics
by Punsy.


Made, this lovely beat just for me

Haters must adjust to me cuz, I'm the one they come to. See
When Punsy speaks. You know, I'm going harder than a russian fleet
You all suck to me.. These companies put trust in me
You're. Nothing see the number one emcee. you ain't touching, me
The wolf! That'S looking for lunch to eat, you're a pup to me
I'm a fully grown Douglas tree you're, a mustard seed
See your career. It was in sync like Justin T
Now. You get love from a bunch of teens like Justin Beib
To, bring it up, speed, You're, soft and just preposterous.. So leave it up to me 
I'm monstrous, so honor, it
It's, easy stuff to me. you're watching in astonishment
I'm, dominant and ominous with confidence to squash. You kids
…I love the green
Stacks go up for weeks.. A hundred Gs is like a buck to me
You getting money. Please.. Let'S see you put up some cheese
Don't know what struggle means. Make money ‘for I brush my teeth
You see the truck is clean. Custom paint custom seats
Plush and grain 23s plenty screens for us to see
It's what I need.. I hustle for these luxuries cuz nothing's free
I, never touch receipts so wake up to me. Cuz, you must be sleep

You know we love the green, Get your money, up
Driving cars that come from dreams, Get your money! Up
Kicking back puffin' weed, Get your money! Up
Livng the life of luxury, get your money! Up
Couple Gs come with ease, Get your money, up
Fresh cuisine. Just for me, Get your money. Up
I'M, the king running things, Get your money up
Living the life of luxury, get your money up

Thought! I was done spitting that justice scheme 
It's funny see cuz. No one is touching me when I'm crushin' beats
I'm a boss. And don't need to bust the heat to run the streets
Cops are in my custody. You'Ll, never see cuffs on me
I rock the cuffs with links 
collared, shirts, colored, tees
Covered sleeves something neat. No buddy lee dungarees
 ... Kicks so fly. They should come with wings
They automatically tie. I don't touch strings
Vacation to sunny beaches for months and weeks
 ... On my yacht right above the sea, with my luscious queen
 ... Got a cup to to drink a couple feet tucked in skis
You know that you look up to me. cuz, I'm the man you punks Should be

So suck a D with nuts to eat
 
