The Story's End Lyrics
by 57 Pixels.


Lights Camera ..., .Action 
Are, we ready 
Are, we ready 
Hold up 
 
I'm, the type of guy you can smell through the Ozium 
They'll, say: he'll grasp the mic and start rapping like Doody's soul's, in'im, 
Causing loads of sin, because locked cells is where they keep my Homies in 
Rolling, holding 10s crusing with Dan chaufferin' 
Stop on the cops block, go through the front door. Openin' 
One glance is all they need. The police is like, Oh, no, It's them 
Clasping hands and whimpering won't change. Your sentencing 
Don't barter me with pensioning Satan's Den. I'M already living in 
Our luck with all this stuff is shortly growing. Thin 
It's been an hour and a half, and we only had forty min- 
Utes time to bounce away. From this unholy den 
This is the type of ending that's not aired on Nickelodeon 
At, the Captian's, where my mac is pointing when 
Sonething happens rather tragic, as my eyes are closing in 
Catastraphic. This heart of plastic has a few holes in it. 
No, more laughter, crowds and pastors is how this story ends: 
 
That's, how this story ends 
That's, how every story ends 
 
I'm, the type of guy who doesn't fully button up his cardigan 
I'm longing kin who partakes in concerts'n partyin' 
I'm sparking ten geez of cess. As I get a shave 
From a barber with Parkinson's 
I'm farther, then I've ever been 
Dom't bother with y'all other men 
All the jewelry on my body, yeah, I'm flaunting'em 
Cause. What'S the pointing of shining bright if I'm-a be closeted 
This sudden ruckus erupted from nothing 
But I'll, still plunder all summer til. Nothing is something 
Slapped another track back to back with not progressing 
A fat lasting heart attack and it makes my will grow thin 
My skills. You oppose, but you need to stop suppressing 
I rap rad matter fact, with room in my clique still open, 
 
I'm, the type of guy who doesn't fully button up his cardigan 
I'm, the type of guy you can smell through the Ozium 
All. The evil I create comes from somewhere far within 
And. When I come around, everyone already knows: he's won
 
