The Power Lyrics
by Zuby.


Ah! Ah! I got the power.
Ah! Ah! I got the power.
Ah! Ah! I got the power.
Chyeeea!

The power's in the hustle, the power's in the pain.
The power's in the muscle, see the power in my veins.
The power leads to money and the power leads to fame.
And the fame will lead to honeys till the money is estranged.
What a shame… but to be great is to be dedicated.
Hustlers don't believe in fate cuz nothing came to those who waited.
Mental mathematician, plot it and extrapolate it.
Like a statistician, see the work and riches correlated.
Started as a little dream, now my vision's elevated.
Young ‘uns looking up to me, honeys looking fascinated.
Early critics turn to fans and haters getting macerated.
Lashing out at nothing every beat is getting lacerated.
Try to not grumble, you give me reason not to speak.
I'm trying to stay humble, you give me reason not to be.
But I will not crumble, you try to knock me off my feet.
But I will not stumble, the power's always in my reach.

I go for hours, I'm so empowered.
The world is ours, the world is ours.
From baby showers, to pushing flowers.
I got the power, I got the power.
I go for hours, I'm so empowered.
The world is ours, the world is ours.
From baby showers, to pushing flowers.
I got the power, I got the power.

They hold my head beneath the surface cuz the industry is nervous.
Cuz I got this far without them and they know that I deserve it.
I made my own committee and I blew over the pity.
With no labels and no agent but they know me in your city.
My songs are heat rock, flow is silly and really.
Y'all get exposed when the beat stops, Milli Vanilli.
I Michael thrill ‘em and really hop out the hearse pop a wheelie.
I've got to chop em ideally until I get me a milli.
Or die from asphyxiation. I feel an obligation.
To kill all communication till they know my appellation.
I know a couple teens who tell me I'm an inspiration.
So to you I'm just some rapper but to them I'm motivation.
So I try to not grumble, you give me reason not to speak.
I'm trying to stay humble, they give me reason not to be.
But I will not crumble, you try to knock me off my feet.
But I will not stumble, the power's always in my reach.

I ain't weak I'm Laughta.
I'm a blessing to the scene like a pastor.
And I always had a dream I'm the answer.
That's why I'm stepping on the beat like a dancer.
And I've been doing this for long I'm not a starter.
Got bars like my phone was on a charger.
Work hard yeah I got it from my father.
He had the power so the power's what I'm after.
I ain't giving up I'm big enough, I want it all I'm picking up.
I'm tailoring, they're wavering, I'm shaking them they're slipping off.
I'm pain within, I'm making hits so watch my punches break your chin.
Not before I knock your jaw I used the strength I hid before.
I try to not grumble, you give me reason not to speak.
I'm trying to stay humble, you give me reason not to be.
But I will not crumble, you try to knock me off my feet.
But I will not stumble, the power's always in my reach.

