The Great Lyrics
by Xali.

Soul Flow.
House slave shit.

I'm LeBron at the rim.
See I bam different.
Pass me the rock, that's the beat.
Leave your stance twisted.
Heathens in hell that has to understand scripture.
Uh.
Silver chains, diamonds in it.
Watch his focus change as he keep your mind conflicted.
Compact your brain with appeal, now they time living.
Predicted time in prison from using crime to fit in.
Cause they got no options.
They pushing to move with no caution.
Cause you know the streets close coffins, more than so often.
Steady standing with no posture.
You'll never live by the order that you see souls lost in.
A closed conscious.
Closer to the uncommon.
Crushing up and crumbling cannabis to feel concept.
Chilling at the cusp of corrupt to kill 'em all by the bar.
Gotta turn the feelings off in the dark.
So realness when you talk my nigga.
Respect the walk, my nigga.
Speak out of line, outlines from chalk from triggers.
Never stalk like bitches.
We ain't watching you fuck boys.
Aggression niggas never avoid, you know they tuck toys.
Jamming to this beat like a juggernaut.
Aiming for the top, you niggas can chase the other spot.
See dealers send a bad bitch to they brother block.
For info, like undercover cops.
By letting panties drop.
Monumental, puffing piff projects potential.
High credentials.
Destiny through my dental.
Blowing O's to a chick for marijuana, turn to comers.
And I get a fat cheque for every comment.
Calm conflicted contest.
I keep it constant.
I'm losing patients.
I need the conference.
Nina, come and push my placement.
Bullet for higher faces.
THC traces on the weapons we pull from hatred for fucking racists.
One God, one nation.
See the cost of faking.
Juvenile murder cases.

Getting Glocks stuffed in your face man.
Tryn'a get your numbers up.
Jordan stuck on space jam.
Speaking out of place might end up with a toe tag.
New suit, new box up in some old sad....
Free ceremony, that you'll never get to witness.
Congregation full of killers, led by Christians.
See the future pictures of your old bitch.
Chilling.
With all your villains and your old snitch.
Feeling the same niggas that got your soul stitched.
Why you laying cold? Slow a road in your own ditch.
See, this life is crazy.
Now Judas is playing with ya baby.
Laying with your lady.
Pacing in your Mercedes.
Making bills off the same block that your kids play.
Send a couple rocks your kid's way.
Fuck 'posed to do 'bout dealing with the bullshit.
Fuck it.
Blow my mind off a few clips.
Your fist for chicks.
Dumb shit I never said.
Told you, I got the fuel my nigga.
I searched the pool for bigger.
Ain't no pussies rob me, that's more like seawater.
Better check that homeboy before you see the alter.
Now get your seed alter and watch your family tree falter.
Immaculate conception clogged up.
Your fate fogged up.
Most you niggas so commercial it's some puppet shit.
Tell me you don't notice the struggling. Do the government?
People forced to hustling since they know ain't no way they ever touch this.
shit.
We're for the starved, hit the fucking strip.
Niggas get to tucking grips.
Talking any means, many schemes.
For the plenty cream, petty scenes.
See a nigga make you bleed for the penny dream.
Best believe, cuff a clip at your quarantine, my nigga.
Yeah.

