The Game Don't WaitAmbition Lyrics
by Ruslan.

Part 1: The Game Don't Wait.

I feel the wind on my face.
Feel the sun on my eyes.
Makes me squint for a second as if I'm mad I'm alive.
Yeah I was selling them dubs.
And I was selling them dimes.
But I did that by instinct call it my animal side.
You know I got to survive.
You know them other dudes thrive.
And when I'm hugging the block.
You know we bound to collide.
This is cold out here.
Southern California cold out here.
Though we had gold out here.
So they rush for the best secret unkept.
The state known for having the most dreams unmet.
Yet there is no other place I'd be living life.
Hustling to survive, yeah I know I ain't living right.

Another dollar for another day.
Boy you better get right, get right.
Hear them holla from a mile away.
Cause the game don't wait for no one.
No one.
Game don't wait for no one.
Boy you better get right.
Getcha, getcha game tight.
Game flight.

How am I supposed to survive.
On minimum wage, nine to five.
These dead-end jobs can't keep me alive.
And the homies keep asking me what it's hittin for.
All I see around me are churches and liquor stores.
The cost of living is outlandish.
So most of my payday loans are outstanding.
On a corner nothing to do, tell the truth I hate it.
Never been jumped in, but I'm more than affiliated.
Growing up here goes down from where you're from to where you at.
At the wrong place at the wrong time and they bound to lay you flat.
Tattoo tear drops symbolizing who's gone.
And I don't need you to tell me what I'm doing is wrong.
You don't think that I know that?
Look I've been saving for a minute to go straight and eventually I'll own that.
Halfway legit, the other side ain't feeling right.
Hustling to survive, yeah I know I ain't living right.

I just need a little sunrise to shine on my mind.
And maybe I might make it outta here.
The homie went to college on a scholarship.
They told me I should take my resume and polish it.
Or maybe go to beauty school and own a barber shop.
How cool would it be if I got to call the shots.
But I got this music thing and I feel like I got hold of that.
But I've came too far to all a sudden be going back.

No one was going to bring him success.
No one was going to hand him anything.
Many would be there to tell him he couldn't make it.
There would be obstacles in his path.
Some would even attempt to knock him down.
But he wasn't waiting for anyone to offer a hand to pick him up.
See he knew he would have to do it himself.
He knew he would have to do for himself.

Part 2: Ambition.

He was focused on his path.
But when ambition meets desperation.
Lines get crossed.
Focused on his rise.
He was determined to get it by any means.

Let's talk about ambition.
Let's talk about that cake walk.
Oh yeah we make it happen.
We don't care about what they talk.
Cause we play on.
Hustling raps must've become my day job.
Every time I just enter a city they asking me why don't you stay long.
Anxious to get back to the Cali weather, in.
The state where weed is the number one medicine.
You got your green cards so you think you're better than.
Those of us who are documented in the field, let us in.
They want a piece of the American pie too.
And they know we got enough of it to supply you.
Us, the one percent they think just fly through.
Eat the majority of our meals from a drive through.
Incapable of seeing our own luxury.
Or a kings dream and what it is, he might have us to be.
Headed for a global awareness that's instead of trying to get ahead.
Easier to focus I saw myself instead.

When the beast comes.
?

Ever been so hungry.
You forgot to eat.
Ever ran your mouth so much you forgot how to speak.
Ever exaggerate to the point you forgot what the truth was.
Ever start out trying to help.
Only to become a nuisance.
They never knew us.
But they finna know us now.
As we eat up all their free food like it's an open house.
Appetizers become dinners only eat with open mouths.
Disrespectfully I'm chewing, eating all your colder styles.
Man, f- your couch.
And this plight for trying to win and get disciplined I have no choice but to.
focus now.
That is like my coaching style when I was in the desert.

Rock bottom and.
Desperation.
Been flat broke but that's not my destination.
Any means necessary no more time wasting.
God I see coming and I'm ready for these changes.

We fail so many times we might as well give up.
My brothers often cry I think they had enough.
Sometimes we victims to them cups.
Cause our upbringing was tough.
We're getting closer to the edge and our frustration ain't abrupt pardon my.
temper.
Hurry like it's ? connected to my race and faster than Usain Bolt on this.
track breaking records.
That time I'm packing my effort.
Like I'm really gon' run.
No one sat down to be better, stand up and work against time.
Time ticking I'm a ticking bomb, tick.
Well I help my people ?
Or will I ? it more.
Soon I'll be going to have these lavish aspirations on my dreams to be big.
before my expiration.
Want my boys out of bids.
We take so much for granted.
Our lives ain't perfect.
But at least we managed to.
See the riches in spirit not on the flesh is damged.
I made it this far I ain't stopping, all my praise to God.
My hunger to be the best is what keeps me alive.

Success was starting to find him.
But even still he was beginning to feel lost.
All he knew was that he wanted something different.
He wanted relief.
He was never one to send hollow prayers to fall on deaf ears or fill himself.
with shallow hope.
But through friendships and the divine encounter.
He began to realise that the physical hardships of chasing your dreams.
Can often bring spiritual awakenings.
And in this case.
He couldn't keep living for the world that kept on forsaking him.
But often times.
The gap between who we are.
And who we want to be.
Can be.
Too much to balance.

