The Wake Up Show Lyrics
by Sway.

Xzibit.
Yes, yes, it's The All Mighty Xzibit.
In correlation wit Tha Mexikanz foundation.
Chino XL, course you know me.
Broadcastin' live from the Likwit Crew.
I returned for you.
Yes, yes, check it out.
Yo, yo it's The Wake Up Show, it's The Wake Up Show.
Yo, yo.

This is dedicated to the niggas that be hatin' me.
But can't face me.
Cuz they scared for they own safety.
I know how it feels I'm all up on your grill.
All your Homies is backin' down and tellin' you to chill.
That's the coast that resides to your left.
Wild Wild West have your heart beatin' at your chest.
It's the Likwit and all wack tenants get evicted by the land lord.
The vocal chords cuttin' like a sord.
Yo I make you wake up, listen, pay attention, then show.
Rashid my main connect in Chicago.
But I'm in L.A. broadcastin' wit Tech and Sway.
Straight to the brain in the bay drinkin' Hurricane.
All mighty Xzibit West Coast rhyme wit out no gimmicks.
I'm breakin' niggas down like a chemic.

You know on The Wake Up Show.
I break up flows like Lego reconstruction.
Capital I-Man initiates this corruption assumption.
Wit King Tech and Sway.
Disectin' grace through airwaves my lyrics misbehave.
When I get out of line.
I doubt you'll find the time to understand it.
Don't get it backwards like a Dyslexic.
You'll get smacked backhanded.
Dammit we're slammin' harder than a wrestling match.
From San Francisco, Chicago, L.A. you got to react.
In the W-E-S-T Coast where nothin' comes close.
To this ground host.
Waking up the land of comatose.
Wit the utmost skill crafted technique.
When I speak you heard it.
So you know what I'm about when I step out like the verdict.

Sinful El Pecador.

El que sube para arriba.
No escupe saliva si noque sangre.
Me pego el hambre.
Mi vida esta colgando de un alambre.
Viviendo pobre.
Nunca mas jamas.
Rodeado sin salidas como las carceles de Alcatraz.
Un seloso enemigo canta mas que un pajaro.
Bajalo, desarmalo, el cuerpo siempre rajalo.
Secuestramos a los que mueven la pirateria.
Reducirles la energia como baterias.
Noventa dos punto tres controlamos, continuamos.
Los Mexicanos haciendo dano que son estranos.
Los tengo habiertos como libros los dejo viendo estrellas.
Como la bandera de Estados Unidos.

Just slit your throat and let Chino XL be yo oxygen.
I write more essay's  than an incarcerated Mexican.
Crash you like crutons.
I'm Body &amp; Soul.
Like the priest slap the version of Dee Barnes.
Fold niggas like futons.
Wake Up Show flossers.
Sittin' on chrome like Masta Ace.
Checkin' for La Raza.
Your whole label roster Chino impostors.
You's a walkin' dead man like.
Sway and Tech gettin' paid like Thurston Howel.
Slangin' crack to Giligan pimpin' Lovie.
Now bring the gats in.
Me wit out lyrics is like  gettin' his voice back.
It ain't neva happenin'.
Diminish your miniscule cerebro.
I whip it like Debo.
You won't be around next year like Skee-Lo.
I get that ass open like a cop in jail.
Wit Sway and Tech peace Chicago.
I'm straight out of Jersey like the fuckin' NETS.

Xzibit.
Yes, there for you won't forget.
Here to remind you that.
'Together We Are Strong, Seperated We Become Weak'.
In correlation wit' Tha Mexakinz and Chino XL.
In Behalf of the Likwit Crew.
It's The All Mighty Xzibit.
You're now tuned into The Wake Up Show.
Broadcastin' live from L.A. wit' Tech And Sway.

