The Talk Lyrics
by Yung MillzZ.


Coffin for ya thoughts and brought a casket for ya action.
And reacted to ya cause but the only satisfaction'll be.
The restin of yall just pay attention.
I'mma be the next one to ball but never seen a bench.
And since y'all intent on findin my intent Lace UP.
Dont join the gang just get ready to run or face up.
Like amare playin mutombo this is a mismatch.
I block the shots but they won't get sent back.
I catch em, so welcome to the block party starring hannibal drexler.
Monster's what they sayin, beast is what they call me.
I say they just talkin these.
niggas good at talkin.
And then I say true story.
Thats what y'all niggas do for me.
Talkin bout Yung Milla and couldn't say nothin realer.
What they talkin bout Mi they say he bout 3s.
And they say he bout cheese and killin instrumentals with ease.
I say thats all true, I do it all for you.
So return the favor keep talkin bout ya dude.

I'm the talk of the town.
I'm the-I'm the, talk-talk of the town.
Don't give a fuck what you talking unless you talking about me.
Fuck what you talking unless you talking about me.
Fuck what you talking unless you talking about me.
Don't give a fuck what you talking unless you talking about me.
Fuck what you talking unless you talking about me.
Don't give a fuck what you talking unless you talking about me.

Boss, Royalty, King, Emperor.
Plain &amp; simple I'm the shit &amp; y'all the posterior.
Ya swagg is inferior thats why we not fearin ya.
Thats why you'll hate on my whip while ya girlfriend on the interior.
New school nigga what you need to do is become a resident of the condition.
Get yo ass up off yo ass and get yo ass up on a mission.
Realest shit that Mack ever said and I just live it that why I'm hearin.
Hes a fuckin monster's what they sayin, beast is what they call me.
I say they just talkin these niggas good at talkin.
But I just say true story.
Thats what them niggas do for me.
They talkin bout YM &amp; them niggas ain't lyin.
I'mma young Goliath inspired to be your highness.
The highest nigga without a blunt, still smellin like the finest.
Aye roll one for Black, and light it up for me so I can hear it in the back.

300MG all in yo MPs, whipped out an M3 liscense plate read emcee.
I move the crowd when y'all spit they movin out.
When I spit they go HAM 5-0 gotta come out.
Call the Riot Squad Fire Marshall FBI.
Lets Be Honest I'mma Pilot if you ridin you'd be fly.
Not quite on my type level flo devils spit and you see why everytime I'm out.
Hes a monster's what they sayin, beast is what they call me.
I say they just talkin these niggas good at talkin.
And then I just say true story.
Thats what them niggas do for me.
They say Kamakaze get girls wild as nicole polizzi.
I'm Jersey Sure of that, matter of fact start recordin that.
Put it NATGEO YM: When Whores Attack.
Treys Up like a nigga cleanin off the tables.
The way they puttin out my name I'm shocked that I ain't got on cable.

