The Boy Who Advanced In The Game  Black Nerd Cut-Scene Lyrics
by Swych.


I'm just doing... me.
Like my hands on my man parts.
Feeling myself, they just trying to cut my hands off.
Getting change man, but I swear I'll never transform.
I done seen the pressure turn mountains into sandstorms.
But I know I'm the illest, sorry if you feeling.
Different but until you in a position to switch it, zip it.
I ain't listening, I dismiss it, I'm sticking to the scrizzipt.
Throwing rotten tomatoes at the critics baby I keep it 100.

I'm... doing me, never mind y'all.
You ain't me.
And beggars can't be choosers baby, I got what you need.
Ain't nothing fake about me baby, this is what I bleed.
And you can't get it out my blood!
Aye, baby we made it out the mud.
And you can't get it out my blood!

Interlude 1: Ice Cube and Kevin Hart.

Tell Paul Wall get the price right because I want.
My teeth looking like I ate a.
I keep it trill, never freezing what I'm saying.
If I feel it, I'm a say it, if I want it, I'm a get it.
*burp*.
Waiter? I need more competition.
I used to scrape dishes, but now I empty fridges.
I'm crazy see the twitches, I ain't talking Mowry sisters.
But you don't hear moi, like some silent kisses.
Keep playing with a psycho! Prison couldn't change me.
I could do 25 to life and stay the same me.
Hate to see a negro getting money like the government.
Now I know how Ne-Yo felt, they mad and I'm in love with it.
Because I know I'm the illest, sorry if you feeling.
Different but until you in a position to switch it, zip it.
Hold up, it's like they want me to shoot myself b.
So I kill they self esteem, stunting in a selfie.

Interlude 2: Kevin Hart &amp; Andre Meadows.

The same one they used to tell to man up.
Got your girl going down while he watching Game Grumps.
Plus I keep it real like Slim Shady when he stand up.
My homies got them tools I'm Tim Allen with my damn grunts.
But I don't brag about what my mans do.
Because I don't want my brothers in the can too.
Everything classic, I ain't never acting brand new.
And there's no such thing as no-can-do.
Hating? That's a won't-do.
Changing? That's a don't-do.
Gunning for the spot where the altitude can choke you.
Lames must got that ESP.
Now you see me coming down slow in a old school.
They don't want to see me ball, they don't want so see me shine.
They just want to see me fall but they can't even see me slime.
You can not see me at all, try and I will leave you blind.
And if you looking up to me? Don't expect to see the sky.

Black Nerd Cut-Scene: Swych, Andre Meadows, Ice Cube &amp; Kevin Hart.
Swych: I know I'm the illest, sorry if you feeling.
Different but until you in a position to switch it, zip it, I know.

Andre: I got a question for you guys. See you guys are really cool, and I.
need some help on how to be more....
Kevin: Cool?
Andrew: Basically more black basically *laughs*.
Kevin: First of all, there's no such thing as being more black. You're black,.
and not only you're black, you're a man that's doing big things. I'm a say,.
the best thing that you can do man, is keep your confidence and being who you.
are. That's the best thing man, you don't have to change nothing about you man.
Ice Cube: Yeah the thing is this man. Yeah, you don't want to change. You want.
to be yourself, you know? You don't want to change for 100 people, you'd.
rather have 100 people adapt to you.
Kevin: There you go.
Ice Cube: You know what I'm saying? So, find a woman that love a black nerd.
and she'll love you better than all the cool girls who don't like the black.
nerds.
Kevin: I'm a tell you what's crazy, you know what women love the most.
? Power.

