The Name Lyrics
by Yung Illie.


Yeah.
Microphone check 1, 2, 1, 2.
One time for the coast.
One time for the coast ladies and Gentlemen.

Hi my name Is Illie only hangin' with the crew.
No lame niggas fire flame flow I can spark a skillet.
And these beats are like breakfast eggs, grits, and a biscuit.
Get em!
Illie got bars like I wrote this in prison No.
Illie got bars I ain't talking phone signals.

Get it? Do ya? Prolly Don't.
Okay I used to be shy back then I was Timid.
Now I'm Serving Instrumentals Homie Well Done Finish.
You know what they say you either with us or against us.
Go against Illie homie that's a bad decision.
Tell them other rappers kiddo better keep your distance.
Come close to a killer then you might just lose yo vision I will.
Ray Charles , Steve Wonder Niggas Get Em!
Cook em like a chef I will Raekwon niggas Get Em!
Appear at your house like State Farm nigga.

Comic book monster I will spawn niggas.
Flowing like a washing and dryer so see how I spun nigga?
So when I make a diss you bet not respond nigga but if you do.
Have bars I hope cuz Illie he got bars and bars of soap.
So that makes me so fresh and so clean.
Yes I'm OutKast these others rappers I will.
Outlast.
That moss point , that gun point.
That click clack you die fast like BOW!! yeah BOW!!
Yeah uh Staight up.
I ain't with the bull homie you can keep the BS.
I'm do it big like a nigga in a 4X.
Bring terror to your squad like TS.
Yes and it's all bout us like US word?
Haters scratch they head and they wonder how I do It.
They confused on my vision.
They ain't view it how I view it.
Mix the beat up with the flow.
That's what I call brewing.
With them baby ass flows.
Yall niggas like Stewie.
Leave you flat like Frogger.
I wish you would ribbit.
Women getting loose like a pulled ribbon.
My flow over they head like they snap back or they fitted.
This is my life so please let me live it.
I got game so you might just have your damn wife missing.
Mam I'm gone I'm in the clouds like a damn kite missing.
These MCs can't not see me they need some night vision.
Sharp bars around like a knife missing.
They saying they the best in the city.
I don't hear em man all I see is Mississippi.
Real talk straight up uh!!!

