The Aquarium Lyrics
by The Uncluded.

Please don't tap on the glass.

Aesop Rock.
Just this morning I heard a prehistoric mass.
In a river water tank utter.
Please don't tap the glass, thanks..
Hold a moment. told him.
As an overgrown oaf in a coat of exposed bone you are not afloat alone.

Choked up, poking his nose in the moat, cold.
We have all known combing.
Gross mouths foaming.
Dough down.
Particles of broken code.
Exploding in a chip and soda coma.
Slowly overdosing.
Rovers opposite the jellyfish and stars.
You were jelly on the colors and regenerating arms.
Set to entertain a couple thousand suckers for a charge.
And you can not shake the feeling you are being fucking farmed.
Great fossil, knowledgeable and docile.
Dry land's nice but the slants quite hostile --.
Here, equal parts passive and aggressive..
He said If that's the case then brother help me flash the message..

Please don't tap on the glass, water augments that tap to a crash.
Here fishy fishy. is a bad forecast.
First tap never once double as the last.

Kimya Dawson.
Today a creature with a body like mine drifted by.
Said please dont tap on the glass, mm hi.
Urban turban muumuu, mama vacationing.
Cow of the sea, worlds.
outside your window stationing.
Me at my post do I look inside jealously at you wanting out.
Not knowing propellers slice deli meat, meeting of the mind's eye.
Through the glass, giving thanks for the sea where nobody's a big fish in a.
small tank.
Do you slow motion float through a confined free rise.
Or run the risk of getting chopped up to bits outside?
Is there anywhere that you can find a little balance between.
Small cell prisoner and motor boat madness?
Does being free mean needing to be open to the sadness.
Where gentle giants bitter-sweetly half fill oily chalice?
She says If you figure out how to, forge your own way..
When your peepers spy the creepers raise their fingers up please say....

Aesop Rock &amp; Kimya Dawson.
I float alongside flotsam caked in bad algae.
I deep throat choke spirulina blended collard greens.
Land barracuda breed quicker than the water ones.
Brand name spawn slaughter estee launder college funds.
Nobody want a lesson in the sleepy lesser species.
They want a hot pretzel and a seat at the penguin feeding.

Kimya Dawson.
Little fingers dodge the slimy cukes here in the touch tank.
No one gives us bottom feeders so much as a yo thanks.

Aesop Rock.
I jump sharks too, not the kind that sink a fang in.
The kind that make the people closest to you think you're Satan.
So escaping through a cradle of accumulated plankton.
To a man without his footing pretty frankly sounds amazing.

Kimya Dawson.
Change my charlie tune can open water entry cod chop.
Sic balls, surface dive butterfly, belly flop.

If it gets too heavy trim a little jetsam off the top.

