The Moment Lyrics
by Xc.


I'M on it, god damn it, I'm on it, Dee 
Yeah! We in that presidential, but hommie ain't, nothing, sweet, 
Niggas, got alot to say, but I hearing nothing b, 
I ain't worried bout, the rest, I don't even fucking sleep 
We only take fast breaks till everyone that run with me, 
Balling its only right, thats, the shit they Wan na see 
And, I just met her last night. She think she in love with me, 
Its crazy, how shorty came and now she dont wan na leave 
Plus she such a freak. She came back with one a piece 
Thats. What I call 4 play - and I promise I'm sucker free 
Heard - they getting tired of us and I don't know, bout much fatigue. 
But, we gon ball till we fall its like we in the summer league 

I'm on it, God damn it. I'M on it. 
They say its my time I tell em, I know it 
First I fuck the world, then I put my niggas on it: 
Life's a bitch and now we run it and they know it. 
This is the Life 
I'm on it. She tell me she want it. 
I tell her, I got it, she tell me she know it. 
They know that its are time and they wan na live in the moment. 
Yeah we gone and she wan na know where we going 
I, tell her slow down 
 
I'm on it and you they gon hate 
When. They chick trash and yours ain't got no waist 
Usually. I don't chase. I just sip that rose straight 
But if I'mma stab this white girl I'mma need some OJ. 
Shorty 21, I told her don't play 
I said I was gon hit. She thought I was gon stay 
I play the game right, you tryna get on base 
And. I already took em home ain't, none of then hoes, safe, 
See, thats old news niggas. You can gon chase 
I already killed it tho. Now she just a cold case, 
Asked em. If they like girls, you know what they gon say: 
Cause, when you on the road to riches them bitches, go both ways: 
 
I'm On It, God Damn it, I'm on it, x3 
Lifes a bitch, and now we run it and they know it. 
This Is The Life 
 
I swear. I live a fast life, Just pray that I don't crash right 
And. We did it last night, Just like it was our last night. 
I must got bad sight. Haters, I don't see them 
Man. She ain't even got no kids and he say that's his BM 
And. She hit me on twitter. Talking bout, I'm boutta leave him 
Man. I don't even follow her. How she send me a DM 
From AM to the PM. I feel like muthafucka break 
I been riding. So long I should switch my fucking plates 
But, I'm eating good. I just got a couple: steaks 
Just for me and whats her face Its hard to keep up with names. 
When you with a different woman. Every other day, 
Just heard my brother say: Pump ya breaks 
But. I can't stop now
 
