The Last Foreclosure on my Gingerbread House at Least I Think It WasMy Dinner Table Excuses (Prod. by 4am
by 4AM.


4AM, oh you that hip-hop hipster.
Rockin' for the rasta reggae heads.
Getting love from kids who love the body bread.
Oh he's just trying to show us that he's worth some more than Honus, man how?
Cause he grew up in the desert of deserted dreams.
That some shit they never see.
Applyin' to the Y-Gen.
The Science to the sport.
Cause that stork was for our elders, and they tell us tip your hats.
All we do is send them love, and all they do is send it back.
And they just love, my couplets just raise cups.
Man these fucks, there ain't none.
Time for domination.
Respect to common sense.
Gave me it's two cents.
To sense if i was making sense.

with Peter Pan.
Now Neverland is where I go to college.
When the mileage on my wings.
Made me think if I could ever use my Tinker Tailor Solider to help me breathe.
In that smog of the lost cause of kissing our moms goodbye.
Cause my crooked smile, made an image of Crooks a born sinner.
Make men from mice.
Think twice think soon fam.
Cause four was that fork that ran away with the spoon fam.

*beat change*.

I Have an unshakable belief characterized by consistently inflated feelings of.
personal ability, privilege and infallibility.

*clip*.

I refuse to admit the possibility of error and failure.
Even in the face of irrefutable evidence and intractable problems.

Yeah, this beat just bangin' leave my feet ding-danglin' underneath the sheets.
Call me that Wicked Witch of East.
That beast of this whole project, got the God Complex hanging on by a thread.
got the lady in the red dress to bed.
Yeah, these dreams are just lucid.
My power is far from gifted I can not rank myself with the commons.
Im just trying to beat you, seat you be more the merry mother geese.
Jesus, Jospeh, owes us, my name is Jonas.
Enough of that clock talk just more of that God talk, four.
Better cap that G or you'll catch this cap my G.
We just, getting buried up in Gettysburg.
Replay some shit, they be like what?
And no more who's cause all my where's went into my cup.
This meal is a must, when we outa love.
Instead of these hugs, flash my mother a deuce not thinkin' about what I can.
lose.
Cause now Booth's got the barrel of ferrel livin' pointed straight to Mr..
Lincoln's head.
And on the bed of his death, he gets a full page in the yearbook at best, yeah.

*clip*.

