The Second Coming Lyrics
by Tyler Cassidy.


Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah.
Thank you for being with me tonight.
For real though, I, Thanks though, I'm being serious.
I really appreciate you listening to this fucking badass song.
Fucking freak.

I've returned to save the weak.
Like the wolf from the sheep.
Knocking down goliaths.
Stack em up in high heaps.
If I could I'd rap about my beats.
But I've got zero, three minus three.

You cannot lock me down.
And wanna set the highness free.
And I don't even like to do this shit.
But i'm ruthless, they need me to move this shit.
Cus I always keep it moving.
Let me prove to you.
Nothing's what I'm proving, OK?
I had some loose screws, so they screwed the screws in.
Then I went back and then screwed them.
It's the screwed up shit that sees the movement.
God moves out- Sexin' moves in.
Lucifer said it's time to make some new friends.
We havin scoo-scootin' and you ain't gotta lose spins.

This is as real as it gets.
This is as real as it spits.
You look confused, should I explain to you.
The second coming kid, It just came to you.

But if I talk about god, my record won't get played!
Homeboy, Kanye, you sound gay.
Your shit so dead, you fucking rotting in grave.
You're so fucking blind like charles comma ray.
You ain't amazing, homie, you're flaming.
By flaming, I mean it's dudes that you laying.
You and your techno, R&amp;B shit.
Claim to get hip hop?
Man, you can't spit.
Yo chris brown.
Besides your little dick.
You can't man up, so it's girls you like to hit.
Yeah chrissy, I hit a bitch too.
But one with a weiner kid, i'm talkin bout you.
And this is me, I ain't exactly what you gettin.
This is me, I ain't in every word that's written.
This is me, I keep nothing hidden.
This is me, the baby boy from the man.

It just came to me.
You see, god whispered my name to me.
This is what it came to be.
Mufasa, the prince of the wild.
Mind of an elder, heart of a child.
Pure at heart, but seldom does he smile.
He just travels on, mile after mile.
Rock that sexy shit on them, pile after pile.
After a while, he expects more to steal his style.
That's how it is, set a new trend.
But nottin was set up.
I've been real since I began.
And I don't like no one, never befriend.
Never will I love.
I only resent.
Bow down put your hands and repent.
Once again, accidently having sinned.
Bow down put your hands and repent.
Once again, accidently having sinned.

This is as real as it gets.
This is as real as it spits.
You look confused, should I explain to you.
The second coming kid, It just came to you.

