The New Breed Lyrics
by Vision.

Yeah, yeah yeah.

See it's way different this time around, bought my homie with me.

I tell 'em.
Shit is too insane, thinking how I'll get a mill off this lil wage.
Something gotta change, thinking.
selling heroin and cocaine, put this.
Shit up in ya veins, for the pain,.
for the pressure. Shit I.
Gotta entertain, so this product in the field will remain so much shit up on.
my brain gotta.
Sell weight cause my heart heavy,.
trying ball like Marbury, already.
Got it on the low for the low, if the law catch me, hope them mufucking bars.
ready, going down.
Fighting, I'm like Tyson 'til they Paul Bear me, 'til I'm six feet.
Until then I'm in six rings, trying get like six rings, big dreams.
Lil ass city, still it's DC man.
that's shout the homie Glizzy,.
shit I'm trying own the city.
'Til I got buzz up north, over west, in the east and the south like I'm.
hooping for the Grizzlies.
'Til I'm off the bus and I'm probably sitting pretty, no illuminati but.
Bugati's 'til I'm 60.
Went from 50 cents to making sense like 50, went from rubberbands to making bands like Diddy, feel.
me?
Dreaming I'm getting closer, Beamers and Testarossa's.
Problem with modern rappers they talking but never focused.
Showing too much emotion, I only got two emotions.
I ain't even really flexing, I ain't even really stunting.
Hol' up, these rappers ain't really dope.
They ain't really got what they be claiming, these lil rappers can't boast.
These lil rappers can't flow, for sho' they just do it for show, cause they.
know they shit ain't poppin'.
My shit hella dope so I know that 12 watching, bussing down doors from the.
burbs to the projects.
Trying lock me up cause they know I got options, trying tap my phone so you.
know them lines dropping.
At the same time my punchlines is a problem, I'm the only one with the hits.
like I'm boxing.
Roy Jones Jr. still I'd rather move in silence, catch a charge if you the plug so I'm in the socket.

Having withdrawals cause I'm addicted to deposits, metaphorically got keys like a locksmith, let's get it poppin'.
Said I'm out here ducking the federallies.
Can't tell me shit so what else could these fucking haters tell me?
They got Mac-11's, I be toting Makaveli.
I ain't even really flexing, I ain't even really stunting, Look I.
Put that shit on my heart, I been the shit since the start. And I.
Been dope for a minute I'm getting scoped from the Narcs. And this.
Some shit for ya mental, you probably roll it and spark.
Or you could move that Rollie over and inject thru the arm.
This the exit.

Than you gotta loop that joint.
Loop!
Official like I'm ref-ing with a pistol, Smiffen Wesson man.

Shit is really reckless but I never come in second, this my second tape and.
yet I'm feeling like a legend.
Since like second grade I was preaching like a reverend, this that gift rap.
yeah I'm in ya fucking presence,.
All y'all.
Music straight crap like I rolled a hunnit sevens, rapping bout false coke and toting a 11.
Let a young thug come approach you with a weapon, you'd probably snitch on em.
just to get a lighter sentence.
Trust, trust damn you can't trust a soul.
Gotta bundle up for summer, streets too fucking cold.
I'm out here in whatever I'm like fuck it doe.
I got it, shit I'm bussing doors until the fucking public know, 'til they know.
it.
My mama pray I don't turn to tombstone, I.
Pray I go cop that coupe and no barking but I swear that roof gone, I'm.
Cut from a different wardrobe, that's 7 jeans and the new foams, It's my.
Time and that's no Hublot, no matter who blow they just lukewarm, to me.

My train of thought on a different track than you all, and.
My food for thought is a feast compared to ya spoonful, shit.
My team official, we foul as the line you shoot on.
I could for days on this shit, I tell Sya to get his loop on.

Loop!
All I spit is trill,'til it's Karma that they feel, know the bars is hella ill.

Shit is real out here, shit is real in the field, Lyrical like .40 cal, so we.
kill for thrill.
Want a mill, plus a mill, 'til I'm chill in Brazil, now I'm balling I could.
probably windmill on Shaquille.
Still, I'm too trill, and a deal ain't revealed? Talking money like a dropped.
quarter mill for a grill.
Rock nations like I'm Cole from the Ville, Blow a O, pop a pill, 'til you feel and just... chill.
World in my hands, lyrics so pearled you can't twirl it again, huh?
World in my palms and these scriptures'll submit ya and that's word to the.
Psalms.
Bad motherfucker and that's word to ya moms, and I'm crucified and that's.
word to the cross.
On a day off might skurt to New York, though I'm out of town they be like I.
heard you the boss, please.
New Breed, with just a pen and some looseleaf, I.
Made some deaf people hear me and made some soldiers salute me, I.
Made some scouts come recruit me, I took a shot with no oozy.
That's hella clips this a movie, that's hella clips this a movie, foolie.

