The Getaway (prod. J57) Lyrics
by Swerve.


Woke up, this morning just ain't feelin' right.
That sacramento sun must be a little bright.
A little hard to handle, but then again, so is life.
Play your cards, manage, make your mark.
Brand it, shit'll make you panic if you give it to much thought...
Granite, it's every mans plight, and women find it hard to understand it.
When a man takes flight &amp; they think they're on another planet.
Stranded.
And the gun just blew, damnit, the ship just landed.
Every step feels like it does more damage...
Try to call your homies, but they don't understand ya.
And it's all jelly, and it's all envy, and it's not in me.
I need a break.. and fast...
Shakin' my lady, wakin' her from her sleep.
Tell her pack her bags.
Cause were headed for the beach.
Call Moses for the tree's.
Take 80, flying, winding through the city, just riding.
I wonder why the view when your leaving always look so pretty...
Switching up the tunes, play a little billie, for the holiday.
Really lane switching, maybe hit Bodega Bay.
Fuck it, might just take the 1 all the way to LA.. bumpin...
Lighten up this bliddy.. tell the mrs. grip the wheelie...
Trying to catch the right feelin'.
Keepin' it smooth.. mindin' my business, with my mind on the moon...
I said I'm mindin' my business with my mind on the moon...

Every day I wake up, nothing ever changes, its the same thing.
Every where I look, I see the same faces, go the same places.
Man I can't take this, need to get away with you, smoke weed, sip drank with.
you, make love, spend the day with you.. forget about my pain with you.

..and I ain't tryin to hide, I ain't to tryin' flee.
I just know it's better when it's only you and me.
Sipping liquor on the beach, blownin' trees.
With the sand beneath our feet.
Ya thats how I I wanna live.
I'm tired of the stress, and I'm tired of my friends.
I ain't trying to be a dick.
But they always got a problem they be asking me to fix it.
I'm just trying to chill.
Lately I been thinking' bout moving here for real.
What you think about that? cause I ain't playin' at all.
Cause when I think life, I think we came at it wrong.
Fuck a shirt and tie, who's to say we can't leave it alone.
Maybe start a little shop somewhere out here on the on the pier.
Serve some clam chowder, side of fries, selection of beer.
Get a couple kids, &amp; let em run free.
Get a house with deck that, overlooks the sea.
Shit I'm human being, my only job is just to be.
Do you agree? cause you telling me you really want the pressure back?
Where we both work jobs, that we both hate? with no dates, cause no days off.
up in the rate race?
Well ok! cause it ain't gotta be like that.
So please, take a little time to think before we go back.
Cause it won't be long before.. before were out here.
Singing...

