The Man Lyrics
by Unique B..


And I'm listening about freedom fighters and strugglers, well you gotta.
understand that when it was in to have a gun and be in the streets, my mother.
gave that up.

I been doin this rap thang. Forreal y'all.
I sorta can sang. Forreal y'all.
Forreal all. The world must be against me.
Because what I hear in this world is that all they wanna see.
Is a black man fail. His children in jail.
African american stereotypes don't fit me very well.
A black man fail. His children in jail.
African american stereotypes don't ft me very well.

I don't rep an east or west side.
Yet outside of my house, I could see a man die.
They establish lies to keep us as a people from the truth.
And I ain't talking Black folk, I'm talking 'bout me and all of you.

The walls they use for people to kill themselves.
You would've swore he was your brother, but you killed him as well.
You hear the rest as they detest.
They might as well shutup cuz it don't work, even if they trying they're best.

It's hurting the rest. What be going down on these streets.
Those for it explain it's helping us eat.
Those against say your killing out. Spilling our youth.
With every wicked, silver bullet that you shoot.

Every person is a daughter or son.
Brother, sister, cousin, or something that's begun.
With family. Happily, you're diminishing that.
With you're buisness and gats.

When I see the police, I might duck out.
Others in my city might pull they trucks out.
And they uniform us students to show that we ain't different.
We cry with creativity, but adults just ain't listenin.

So forget the man who is tryna keep us dumb.
Cuz we're all the same person in the same country we're from.
Difference is overrated. Get back to your cubicle little boy.
So we can invent more ways to keep them folk shooting eachother.

But truth is, you won't do nothing. Leave it to the big dogs.
Just leave it to us. You only so we can make more money.
Diversity makes the big man happy with the little man's world.
We all gettin along like when we were boys and girls.

Don't stand for that. come at me boy.
That's what I thought you nappy boy.
I'll do my dangerous deeds, you get back to work.
On some failed systems and plans that don't work.

We ain't get any of that history from all of the soldiers that we lost. It's.
on, just like it was on when we was young, and you wanna say Fuck that just.
like you said fuck that back then. And it's not gonna stop until we stop..
It's not just white men that's doing this to bring them, and it's not just.
white men that's keeping us trapped, it's black.

