The Get Down Lyrics
by 4 Broz By Broz.

Stephen Genes the Magnanimous.
Steve Genes on the Dream Team.
Rising straight to the top like the true cream.
I'm cooler than cool beans.
and hot like I'm preteen.
Tight like I'm sardines \-.
now check it.
Let's be truthful, I dominate shit like metamucil.
My flow goes hard - take a bite and chip a tooth, fool.
Go on and make yourself useful.
Straight from the roofs, I'm the gallows and the noose.

DJ Oatmeal.
I'm telling news on the mic.
Like Walter Cronkite.
And to all you other rappers who all sound alike:.
I'm the flow-faster master, a Katrina disaster.
On the charts I outlast ya.
and I move right past ya.
Because I'm front and center, the feature attraction.
And I rhyme so fast that you need closed-caption.
It was nice to meet ya, but now I'm going to eat ya.
Because I slice you up and 'put it in the pizza'.

Saruman of Many Kronics.
They call me Saruman of Many Kronics.
Electric Pokemon aren't effective against Onyx.
You might catch me watching Who Framed Roger Rabbit.
Or dropping fresh beats like Milton Babbitt.
Smooth like pahoehoe,.
sharp like A'a.
For those who aren't hip that's 'liquid hot magma'.
Telling fresh tales like Geoffrey Chaucer.
Blowing your mind like a flying saucer.
No, I'm not tripping and I know I'm the best.
And I don't give a darn if I fail my driver's test.
Dark Star into.
Truckin' into Wharf.
Rat to Dark Star.
Gotta take a leak but I'll return like Jafar.

Tater Chips.
Smoke three joints with the Grateful Dead.
Ate a log a cheese with a gun to my head.

Turned water into wine, bless ya ass with lead.
No, my rhymes ain't swag - they Panama Red.
Crossed the Sahara Desert with a dog and a sled.
Got a million man army that's very well fed.
When it comes to Danson, I'm just like Ted.
Drink a forty ounce on Calvary where Jesus Bled.
Sold my soul to Satan in a tool shed.
Fix your lacerations with a needle and thread.
Had your sister, wife, and grandma naked in your mamma's bed.
My drug of choice is Sudafed.
Grab a stack of fan mail for the daily shred.
Put a bomb in the ignition of your moped.
No one want to hear your rhymes, they listen to mine instead.

J. Rage-a.
Ninety-nine percent of the ladies can't be wrong.
Got girls climbing my legs trying to get to my schlong.
Just step back, take a seat, and take a number.
You got to take turns to get a piece of this lumber.
Yes, I know I'm fly, and my whip is Intriguing.
And I'm sure that you've heard of all the paper I'm receiving.
But you got to ask yourself if you can hang with the Rage-a.
When you make up your mind, just hit up my pager.

Stephen Genes the Magnanimous.
Virgin inside the flower, yet hours of golden showers.
My stream of pee is retarded, I'm the shit and I farted.
No, I don't eat man meat because I'm a vegetarian.
But if you're very thin and you cum real quick.
I'll suck that dick fo sho, though.
No homo!

