The Wrekless Motto Lyrics
by Wrekless.


Wrekless, bitch.

Rockstar, tune on the moon.
Moonwalking right now while sleeping in a tomb, woah.
Watch me lean on a scale to see the scalene.
Forty racks will guarantee your lady ball for our team.
It's a paradox, I'm unorthodox.
Crisco, unleash the dragon; Sisqo.
Rabbit food on my wrist make my wrist glow.
Living by no rules, how cool Wrekless motto.
Now tell me how you livin'.
See the show in show and tell, girl show me how you feelin'.
See all that in them jeans make me wanna get between.
Go hurricane Katrina if I wreck it, New Orleans.
Warner brothers couldn't do it this strong.
Make Larenz love Jones like they missin' Nia Long.
Married to the money, that is all a nigga need.
But it'll make me crazy if I see low green.
Jet.

Two and this the motto.
They goin' Wrekless to book us and find us, I feel like Waldo.
We are Coachella headlining.
Get better every time that we hop on the track a lyric olympic.
Blimp in the sky, yo.
Cause Twenty-twelve is our good year, nigga.
Eye on the prize I am destiny in disguise.
It's the jet in me that can fly.
You ain't catchin' me in the skies.
You could barely breathe in the clouds.
Mutha fucka, I'm above altitude all of you probably drown.
I've been waiting about my whole life for that time and that time is now.
Pilot style, destiny is no accident, how the fuck did you crash and shit.
Destiny is no accident, how the fuck did you crash and shit.
Destiny is no accident, how the fuck did you....
Nigga destiny is no accident, how the fuck did you crash and shit.
We can teach you nigga, come and take a class with us.
Nigga what's up; Hit.

Dumb swagger, you don't matter.
To get to where I'm at, nigga you might have to climb four ladders.
I'm on, baby I'm on; stop hitting up my phone.
Just to talk about yo' ass, we gon' need another song.
So I prolong about some shit that got me high as a blimp.
Stank face to a nigga, you know Hitman the shit.
And you know Hitman will rip yo' ass like a fuckin' tag.
I'm married with a bunch of hoes, the story on why they mad.
Okay, I do this truth is I don't give a fuck 'bout where yo' booth is.
You new kid no passion, no action I make assassins imagine.
Damn, I blow so many trees I turn a cabin to ashes.
Woah... We dumb high, you sometimes.
A little christian in your bars, you got nun-rhymes.
So shoutout to them bitches on come time.
V-12 pushing, tell 'em run it back one time, B!

G's in the building.
High as fuck, kush chair sitting on the ceiling.
It's the Wrekless motto, you already know though.

Make it happen, call me captain swimming in that pussy.
While I'm super swaggin' Molotov.
She could take good cock and balls.
And guarantee she feelin' me, I wouldn't lie about it dawg.
Lyrical perfection, ten of ten ain't no fuckin' flaws.
When them words is in yo' face, what the fuck you gon' do?
Young and wise, nigga kickin' Saiyans like Goku.
How many fuckin' times do I really gotta show you?
Coach you, nigga at your door like postal.
Straight from the block, BeeGee is on.
Runnin' from the bull, BeeGee is gone.
Solid with the raps, yeah the flow is strong.
Married to the stu, yeah the booth is home.
Man, I'm on and feeling real invincible.
This ain't no fuckin' game to me, my nigga this is spiritual.

Rico.

In the muhh fuckin' buildin'.
Every hot girl, yeah I'm gon' kill them.
Cold ass nigga, bad nigga gon' feel 'em.
Gotta pop a pill and call that nigga villain.
Y'all some muhh fuckin' zeros, y'all ain't fly y'all niggas heroes.
I don't really fuckin' think so.
Gas me up, nigga only when my tank low.
Got a bad bitch, tell her go slow.
When she hop on it, I tell her pogo.
Y'all niggas know what's up, yeah fuck y'all.
Wrekless til the end in my muhh fuckin' guts dawg.
Where I feel it in... know what's up.
Bad girl gon' feel it when I stick it and kill it man.
Y'all niggas know what's up, cold ass nigga.
Already know what's up, sold my soul ass nigga.
Not really, niggas straight kill me.
When they in the booth and spit like I'm toothless.
Spit, yeah I'm ruthless, boy yeah I'm headless.
Nigga how low than a muhh fuckin'.
Jet 2: keep goin' my nigga.
Fed-Ex package... and yo' bitch? She a ratchet.
Yeah.. God fuckin' damnit.
We so fuckin' savage.
But we livin' life lavish.
Y'all niggas don't understand it.

