The 6th Verse (Yung6ix Diss) Lyrics
by YUNG ROC.


You claiming You's The OF the South.
This little Boy's Still Running up His Mouth.
This little Boy don dey swim like some Trout.
In the river Make u take Time or.
I go Fish U out  … Yung6ix.

A little privilege u've got here still the Shack you.
Couple of Mic Pops and some shows just dey High You.
Have u ever Watched u own career from the Right view.
You're Spitting So Lame , Growing Slower than ur IQ.
You better tell me whatchu done So far.
Others never did before.
Is it tracks or TV Shows , record label or jump-off.
Cuz you's the reason why 360 got broke.
Cuz the Markets ain't feeling ur Mixtapes No Joke.
Cheap publicity Stunts is that whatchu wanna Start with.
Nursery lullaby is whatchu wanna rhyme with.
I feel like Hitting your Butt , But you's A young Kid.
No wonder u got Pampered like a child , I mean u yung6ix.
Take A look at Davido , Wizkid And M.I.
Morachi , olamide , SauceKid they Aim High.
Ice Prince , iceberg Slim , LMG and X-Busta.
Kicking Your Career , if you try'em them go burst ya.
A piece of lil' word Yung6ix Grow Up.
No dey enter the streets just dey try to show off.
Watch the Company u Keep and the Kinda friend u roll with.
Cuz they corrupt u everyday , u don't know it.
Doing what u did is really worth not doing.
And whatchu not doing well is really whatchu not Doing.
Music is the reason why U're here just use It.
Stop dissing enteRtainers, Six don't Confuse it.
Dissing all the RAppers Doesn't make u So smart.
It blows open all ur Kinda gear ,So N**gga Kick Start.
Yea , I don't need No Customs just to cross ur Border.
Cuz your border's So permeable.
So porous are your Syllables.
You's A little Kid we Don't Doubt it.
Seeking recognition here , Six don't Fight It.
If u wanna do ur Flow make u try ur own issue.
Cuz if I catch u like Eedris I go Whooz You.
You's A little Kid Don't Doubt it.
Seeking recognition here , Six don't Fight It.
If you try to do ur own Rhyme ,try to do your flow.
Cuz if I catch u like Eedris Mehn , Brother I go Whooz You ………

