The Comeback Lyrics
by Yung 69 & 0ld 420.


Burning weed listening to purple rain.
The brain im getting from my bitch is insane.
Thursday night get drunk and watch Lebron James.
Friday night we get higher than motherfucking airplanes.
Used to be on my depressed shit not going out.
Now i make the bitches that i turn down pout.
Rapgenius you can fuck off.
I keep it real, ain't got no jump off.
Been striking out left and right but im still on top yo.
At the local party and you know we gotta bop slow.
Ooh baby i like it raw.
I lean back and let her pleasure me with her paw.
Ah, the weather is so lit.
This fuckboi rolled the j wrong so i gotta fuckin fix it.
Find me in the octopus's garden with Ringo Starr.
Took the car to the bar im a star.
Yaaaaaaaaa.

Yung 69 &amp; 0ld 420 x50.
We back in this bitch.
So fuck y'all.

Realest shit I ever wrote, chillen in my Accord.
Yung and 0ld homies, next up is the world tour.
100 bitches always with me, peasants please hold your applause.
Someone tell Vince that I got the greatest entourage.
In the streets rockin camouflage, haters can't find me.
Got your girlfriend tryna wine me and dine me.
All that bitch wants to do is Yung 69 me.
Dan Bilzerian jelly of these hoes that enshrine me.

Old ladies be thinking good of me like i found their purse.
You tried to ball against me but you're the worst.
I love bitches man i can't control the thirst.
This shit's lit, listening to Is This It.
Check out my last.fm if you wanna hear some dope shit.
Best music taste of all time im only seventeen.
And i gotta big peen, to bitches im the american dream.
Love some shit with some sour cream.
Not Juicy J but i got the blue dream and lean.
I fell in love with love.
Finally believing in the man up above.
Chocolate chip cookies in my oven.
You sound like you from texas you probably fuck your cousin.
My nuts just got real itchy.
Hey why all my bitches gotta be so prissy.

Smoking trees that were planted by Johnny Appleseed.
I always kick the girl out after we've done the deed.
I'm not misogynistic, I just like my women temporary.
The way I run through women is actually kinda scary.
But I don't give a fuck, I'm always fuckin high.
On my private jet fuckin bitches in the sky.
I'm ballin like LeBron, got triplets with double D's.
Yeah I'm the Don, I do whatever I please.

