The Authentic Lyrics
by Ruthless Bastards.

Infrared 
Uh-huh Ruthless 
, 
Eh yo, my fam's, desperate 
When. It get real. We let the tech spit 
We like AIDS for those who think they can't catch. This 
We manifested this rap shit. We could go beyond this rap shit. 
Let the gat spit buck that hatchet 
You fake rap was malpractice. Let me get at this. 
And show you where the fuck you lack is 
These. Bastards is like Cassius Clay. With the gun play 
It's like drivin, your car down a one-way 
You bound to get hit. My style is legit' 
Nigga, wildin ain't, shit cuz. I can do that and do this 
But I analyze niggas chit chat. I plan to rise 
Yo, my fam is live livin this life we still fantasize 
About the better life and all that real cheddar 
Cuz. We forever trife that shit'll make me feel better 
I, be Infrared niggas, keep y'all guns in y'all, holsters 
I'm out for the bread, so I make lead jump out. The toaster 
I keep my people closer closer than you'll ever get. 
Niggas is delicate bomb. Like a gun. You never spit 
 
We, the authentic, far from counterfeit 
Bound, to hit me and my Shaolin click 
Son. They talk shit, but they forever forfeit 
Bangin with the Blaquesmiths kid we want fish, 
, 
Sha, Gotti, 
Eh yo. We blow hydro, hit hoes and tag toes 
Fo'-fo's put holes in Parasucos 
I used to hustle on the block holdin crack in my asshole 
Now. I do shows sip the Crist' forget the Moe's 
Watch, my back for Colombo's and Donnie Brasco's 
Droppin tops on convertibles lyrically murder. You 
Who are you. I never heard of you verbally servin you 
I analyze'em. Then I size'em up where's the rope Tie'em up 
Gag his mouth shut him up Ruthless Bastards, don't give a fuck 
I run up in your mansion, hold your family for ransom 
When! I'M twisted off Branson too thugged out for dancin 
You'll niggas askin for Sha to jump in a stolen Maxima. 
I drive by clappin ya pay attention when I'm after ya 
 
Hip-hop is writin and rhymin a way of life. 
To hold the mic in your hand and crush everything 
in front of you. That'S hip-hop., 
 
Truck 
Caught in collisions, niggas cut you'cisions with razors 
Little league niggas bleed from fuckin with the majors 
This wild life's contagious in guns. We trust 
And. If they're aimin at my team, then ain't no more to discuss 
I charge to bust goons from my platoon to bang 

Orangutangs swingin through this concrete jungle, 
Slangin them thangs bummy with grimy niggas in the struggle 
Either, we love you or hate you half the shit. Y'All can't relate to 
Like niggas actin, like you feel just to snake you 
Scientific breakthrough your flow's infested with cyanide 
When. I die screamin Fuck the world. I lease'em high 
Beast from SI fuck with my peeps from I increase the crime 
When. I release the nine tryin to teach the blind to shine: 
 
Inspectah Deck 
Yo, yo, yo, ill greed, general war, platoon, steez, 
On, the battlefield stripes get stripped off your sleeves 
They bleed like we bleed I fiend for the cheese 
Just like you in order to feed My seeds, 
No remorse, so I'm forced to bring forth the flames. 
No game engrave out my name into your brain 
The, nobel Sir. I rap mogul 
Move global on you locals blow em when I've come through 
Hundred, deep nuff heat stashed in the Jeep 
On, the creap like broken floodin, the streets 
Yo. This is for my niggas who post on live corners, 
The brawlers, who keep they hands on the nine Taurus 
Straight out the woods hit the hoods like a taskforce, 
Mass force pullin, the sting take the cash off 
 
Son. They talk shit, but they forever forfeit 
Bangin with the Blaquesmiths kid we want. Fish
 
