The Grind Lyrics
by Zio zane.


You know you got this fantasy in your head.
Obout gettin'out of the life and.
Settin' that other world on its ear.
What the fuck are you gonna do except hustle?

Alright, InZane, Majestic.
Yeah Get it.

I told my homies anything is possible.
We ain't never stop moving call it the turntable.
Silent sound in the hood that makes the world shake.
My nigga follow your dreams cuz them hoes fake.
No square in my circle only loyal niggas.
Malcolm X should had never trust them smilling niggas.
Death around the corner we ain't never turning right.
Tryna live long enough to blink cuz my future bright.
Man I can't wait that's why I'm on my grind.
You fucked up your chance, guess this my time.
Told my baby momma I promise imma make it count.
Different timezone yeah I swear imma make it count.
Whole team shoot for me man it's goin down.
I feel like shitting on you niggas I feel I'm Kobe Bryant.
Yeah im a laker baby never fuck around I mean.
From place 2 place do it 4 the team.
New face done lacing man I'm racing.
I pace up in case you dont know I'm paving the way for the racists.
Young priest with a full soul I do exist.
Go ahead fuck wit me you may exit.
This is my world baby ya'll on rent baby.
Nothing is for sale got them rands baby.
Born InZane I barely swim call me fly fish.
Step one is the grind step two is a fly bitch.
Never let a pussy nigga tell you can't do.
Get married to your life nigga ''yeah I do''.
Preaching words in the jungle niggas get jealous.
Spit the the shit over here the government gon jail us.
My circle so tight my life is like a movie.
James be God long live the kid blue like ivy.
What you know bout me I want my face on the paper.
See I'm young Obama niggas don't vote for drama.
Being grinding all summer this a cold world.
I'm the global warming started as a sauna.
So fuck the world this how I'm feeling.
I wear my heart on my sleeve the game is all I'm seeing.
''Yeah I do'' is what you heard from the two of us.
Dream would I ever wake up in the tour bus.
Nahh gotta get it wit my eyes open.
Pray to God our friendship be never broken.
'Go to church' and learn more bout being forgiven.
In the city living life I think I been to heaven.
Motivation in my pocket got it from a nurse.
Illest morforker at the finish line first.
All my old haters gave up wit a mind cursed.
Money flow like water I'll never die from thirst.
So what you saying nigga what you saying.
I write my own shit shout out to my clique.
Always sing for the moon but she never sleep.
I ain't outchea playing hide and seek.
Still Niggas can't find me so heard em say.
Still Niggas can't play me so heard em say.
Olly olly oxen free *4.
Nigga Im outchea.

