Theme Music Lyrics
by Swych.


I'M living in that 21st century doing something mean to it, 
Do it better than anybody you ever seen. Do it 
Screams from the haters got a nice ring to it, 
I guess every superhero need his theme: music, 
 
Yeah, this the sound of Jeezy in a traphouse 
Rocky running up the steps in the background 
This the MGM lion without the cat's meow 
This is Hov At the garden before he blacked out, 
You should know once you start me, I never back down 
I'm so focused. I don't even hear the flash 
See, the fire in my eyes through a superhero mask 
15 % tint and Scott Summers, favorite glasses, 
Can't, penetrate my passion, better! Try, a Catholic nun, 
I ain't going for the green! You can have your traffic pun 
I! Just do it to do it better than whoever doing it 
I'm a do it forever until forever is through with 
 
And. I'M never gon' stop 
Got a one way ticket to the top 
they, just mad 
 
They, trying to put me in a box 
But. It'S funny because I got it on lock, tell them haters 
 
Took the sword out the stone. 
They told me: I couldn't move it. They was wrong. 
Wrong, wrong, 
 
This, the view from the top of a mountain 
This. Your boo with a box of louboutins 
This, is 50 surviving. The 9th bullet 
This is Mr. West limping out the Lexus breathless 
Why. Am I still here? What could my purpose be? 
I'M from New Bedford, yo somebody could've murdered me 
I just want to thank the world for the courtesy 
Now. It'S time to spank the world, make it curtsy 
While two grade A dimes going round me outside 
Same playground. They used to clown me outside 
Now, I'm in the building grinding. Like I'm outside 
Until, I get the crib with the mountain outside 
I'm a tear. This whole place inside out 
Tear the roof off take what's inside out 
Scream. Until I cough all my insides out 
Take the whole world put it in my house. It'S mine, 
 
I, grind hard. I shine hard 
My thoughts dope my mind hard 
When. You try hard! That'S when you die hard 
So when I'm gone. Remember my soul, 
 
Yo! Every hero needs his theme: music, 
And, you more effective when you not concerned with what he doing 
Don't believe me, but believe him when he's stupid, 
He lying straight to your face. Taking you for fools, when he leak music, aha 
I've seen the reaper and I've tried to keep him from these students. 
These young ones from my city, told that boy keep it moving. That'S real 
Young ain't got to die before 25, get a 9-5 
After. Your degree. Just like me, do it like me better yet do what 
Ever you dream. 
Every hero got its flaws too nah ..., 
Yo 
Haters, talking no mute boy, 
But the bull. They bark be a moot point: 
Turn, humble king, from aloof boy, 
Plug to my city, too. Trugoy 
Fire starter that dude roy 

Kid, whose vernacular ain't matching 
Those, whose concerns are less pragmatic, huh 
One day you'll, be laughing sodium chloride, colored new toy 
In, the all white leather white, coupe, Royce, 
Rolling down the block, yelling boo, boy
 
