These Streets Are Callin' Me Lyrics
by Woodie.

My momma always told me it was gon na be days like this, like this 
 
Woodie 
I live a lifestyle covered up by dark clouds 
Dealin' with these suckas, but they only seem to bark loud 
Still. I keep a strap for when I come across a killa 
I dreamt the day I'll have to fight that killa in the mirror. 
I wake up every mornin' hit my fifth and hope. I live 
Just another day to see what tomorrow's got to give 
I'm addicted to the liquor 
And at days. I peel the sticker off another 40 ounce. 
And wonder How did my life get here? 
My ole goes in stayin', drunk and eliminatin', funk, 
Fuckin', hoes or rollin' triple golds. Always up in the trunk. 
My mother asks me everyday. Are you still bangin 
I lie and tell her? No, but her heart knows I ain't changed. None 
I hate to see her cry. Wipe the tears from her eyes 
And try to tell her everything is gon na, be alright 
I hug her tightly as I leave it bothers me 
But. For now I got ta go cuz. These streets are callin' me 
, 
My mother, prays that I quit the life. I lead 
Damn. I try to change my ways, but these streets are callin' me 
And. I love her to death, but at the same time I'm a souljah 
I got ta put in work. Let rivals know they can't get over 
 
Woodie 
I'm a yoc influenced souljah. Taking chances 
I'm levelin' with all my homeboys up in drug induced trances, 
Evil dances through our thoughts as we plot different strategies, 
To kill our enemies and not get caught. 
My homie got shot in the spine, he's been paralyzed, 
I, see nothin', but deep despair. When I stare into his eyes, 
I feel my anger rise as I think about his character. 
He never hurt nobody, just a homeboy that was there for ya. 
These streets are really fair and that's a hard lesson learned 
But. You realize quick enough after up three time getting burned, 
The streets are cold bits of love, but mostly greed is all they hold 
You in my way, I'll burn a load and make yo head explode. Now what 
That's? My moto 
Livin' in the bottle, hit the throttle. 
Let this shit start to get you thick break out. The fully-auto scrap killa
 
Woodie 
Just got done 
Creasin' up. My khakis put my NIKES on 
I, hear my homeboys outside honkin', the horn, 
I, guess tonight's on 
Grabbed the tray snubby 
Give, my moms a kiss goodbye 
As. I hop into the ride. 
She prays that I come home alive. 
I can't justify my life because I know I'm livin' wrong 
What the fuck. Do you expect me to do when the funk is on 
Tryin' to get along with my rivals? 
Foo, you must be jokin'. 
What you smokin 
Hollow tips and pistols clips is what I got for fools: approachin' 
I'm tryin' to get ahead. 
Spitin' high-lead at these rivals, ramped up 
In this life of vega got me homicidal 
Better check my vital signs, 
Since, I'm livin half dead by the thoughts 
Got. My brain washed fuckin' with my head 
Break a sweat up in my bed. 
Dude the nightmares got my body tense. 
But. Still I'm prepared to die for this, so called nonsense. 
Cuz everything is fucked up. 
The whole world is corrupt. 
I'Ll never switch up on my homies 
So. Consider me stuck fucked 
I ain't trippin', though 
Yeah my money's sittin' low 
But. Still I got enough to get a four-0 at the liquor store, 
And clothes on my back plus a gat for these rivals 
All. My only necessities for survival, 
 
