They Won't Get it Lyrics
by Zio zane.


Yeah Zane Late Night Decisions.
Majestic they won't get it.
This is the new shit right here.
Uh shout out to my team leggo.

I saw 'em in the mirror asked him what he livin' for.
He couldn't tell me tears droppin' he said life is sore.
Never tryna hurt 'em I was only tryna hear 'em.
They killed my brother for no reason now it's all on Adam.
It's tragic to see life change lanes straight up to a traffic jam.
Where nobody pictures you and put you in the frame.
I wonder if we all out for the same shit.
Are you out for the fame in the game shit? homie.
We tryna build a temple when the days are sunny.
But the grind never stop man it's all about the money.
Ask my brother 'bout the guns ask my brother 'bout Kony.
Is it really funny when they fuckin' wit' Africa's economy.
They ain't in front of me those public enemies.
Tryna get me checked C.I.A come and fuck wit me.
Before I take a book and face it like Facebook.
Did they tell you 'bout my brother Lesane P.Crooks.
They ask me where I'm from I call home.
But some niggas call it Africa when they fuckin' gone.
I'm tryna be alone I mean do I need my phone?
I'm tryna understand the real nigga in this song.
In this song....

They won't get it , they won't get it.

Momma pray for me every time I'm in the hood.

I wrote a book about a chicken coop.

I'm bout to design my own Kfc can't you see.
A young and black nigga rappin' like run DMC.
They say I'm from D.C cause I live in the black house.
Why this niggas sleepin' under my bed like a white mouse.
So I'm like fuck what you see so I'm like fuck what you say.
I do my thing You judge me like the U.S French U.K.
Everything is okay? you hating on my AK?
But I keep it real why you motherfuckers fuckin' fakin.
I'm lickin' diggin' this life she's deeper hotter than ice.
All my niggas take the mic all my homies know I'm nice.
But I gotta lie cause they thaught me to.
Winnin' the race the race? Muttley is wit you.
You said the top is your spot but I doubt it nigga.
You on the ladder escalator is on fire nigga.
I never chase a bitch so nigga have fun.
Imma chase my try all the time watch me bring it home.
Nigga....

They won't get it though they won't get it though.
Watch me bring it home they won't get it though nah.

