Those Blue Lips Lyrics
by Pure Freedom.

Those Blue Lips, Lyrics

Raise Your glass with the blue Lips. It'S time chill no need to trip
It's the smooth G-funk, sound bumping in ya ear. So fill up ya, glass, it's time
to, toast and cheer
Pure Freedom is at it again. Ya got ta stay on ya grind. In order to win it's a
new blend with a new spin, don't try and judge because we all sin. If we work
together it'll, help us all so stand tall cause giants do fall, let's wash ya
worries away, take the frowns off ya face and pour a glass of that Bubbly.

Shelf, the twearking, the jerking, the sip syruping ain't gon na be around
because. The tables are turning

Raise, your glass with the blue lips, take a sip and don't forget feeling good
is. How i want you to be: let s take a ride on the eastside ya, wonder why my
head is high. I enjoy living. My life pure free

This, is for the grown, and sexy avoid what is messy, unnecessary things. Thats
Tryna stress me: i pray that god he continue to bless me. Oh and ya. Don'T ever
 wan na test me I'm human too. If I'm pushed to my limits, I'm done and I'm
through, i thought knew boo, but we still cool. So ain't no need to be violent
and. Rude. happiness is in the air everywhere i go. It'S such a blessing to make
it international. I survived a neighborhood with bloods and crips. Now I'm the
lady with the blue lips

Raise, your glass with the blue lips, take a sip and don't forget feeling good
is how i want you to be: let s take a ride on the eastside ya, wonder why my
head is high. I enjoy living my life pure free

Smoking, that good good come on. I wish you would but imma keep it classy. Like
Mamma said I should born in the CPT raised on these Long Beach streets. Which
Mad me, who I am, that girl name PureFree. There ain”t no guarantee in this
industry, but if you just believe ya might take home a grammy until that time
have come until it's said and done, keep rising and grinding, but don't give up

x2
Raise your glass with the blue lips. Take a sip and don't forget feeling good
is how i want you to be: let s take a ride on the eastside ya, wonder why my
head is high. I enjoy living my life pure free
, 
