Three Kings Lyrics
by XP.


XP yeah you know the name.
As I look around these trapping rappers all look the same.
It's sad what these young dudes will do for the fame.
The Klondike your mind right man this shit is a shame.
The way I see this could go a couple of ways.
March with the people.
Lock the evil demons back in there cage.
Because every real rapper isn't all that they say.
Stay off the streets at night.
The people's lives are just led astray.
See cause XP ain't your typical rapper.
See the message I bring.
Will leave em' in slings to closing there yappers.
Leave em coughing in coffin all their hearing is laughter.
X is the best there's no contest they will never be after.
If only they would just see the lies.
The bars I bring will be the key to open their eyes.
Now that you know this whole god damn game is just mine.
Just had to let you know that Aaron Webb is XP's disguise.

We coming the pace and face to the left.
If you came for the Ces, why you savin' your breath.
One step to the right, lit it up in the lights.
Get wild for the night.
Err'body in the back, where you in? Where you at?
More middle of the map.
Bring it back to the front.
When I snap on a one.
Let me see your ass all jump, jump, jump!

Trapped in the Colosseum.
A sea of 'em all I see is.
Prey for the predator.
Dying for what they call ideas.

Go for your gun and it's done.
Nobody ever lived that come at this one.
Go for your gun and it's done.
Nobody ever lived that come at this one.

These bars, literally, they are lyrical artillery.
With beats as auxiliary, leaving y'all in misery.
Need caffeine, cause when I speak, you get jittery.
I wish a nigga would, he'd get smoked like hickory.
Is y'all hearing me? With these war drums and timpani's.
I'm on like DiGiorno, it's not just delivery.
My flow is on point like I'm bleeding on my extremities.
And all you rap niggas is wack, practicing bigotry.
Bitches think that I'm coo-coo now.
Cause I talk to myself like when blue-tooths came out.
I keep a Boy Scout on my team, when I kill you.
He knows where to leave you, no doubt.
Girl Scouts for them cookies, got older ones for some nookie.
Rappers thinking they buzzing' but can't fly, homie, that's Woody.
Make your girl clap that ass, dancing for the whole crew.
Groovie Gang and APE the labels, we don't know you.
Punch lines popping' off like Shang Chi's Kung Fu.
We cracking down on rappers like a shoot, Bamboo.

It's funny how our forefathers are white Just to keep us in the cellars,.
trying to darken our sight.

And, as you know, things in the dark will always come to the light And this is.
war, you grab the sword and take the L like a knight.

See but violence isn't always the answer March in silence, non-violence just.
to show what we stand for.

On a pedestal, you sickens us, you cold sore Greedy with the pie, but you know.
that we want more.

Money, root to the evilest ways Working class, understaffed cause you sit and.
you blaze.

And you hate that we complain, but won't give us a raise You're the doctor and.
we're the mouse cause we're just stuck in a maze.

So if all you niggas tired of being stuck in a cycle.

Try opening your eyes and start shutting your pie holes.

XP and No Idols, 1v1 we some psychos.

When two kings become three, worship us like the bible.

