Three Thirty-Nine Lyrics
by Wrekless.


Three thirty-nine a.m.
Just finished working on the last track of A Daredevil's Dream.
So it's a celebration.

Bossy, no guidance but never will he sell his soul.
Not having it is evil so the money is the main goal.
Remain strong in these streets, mean muggin' grittin' teeth.
Tempation is after you, so compatible within these sheets.
Money, cars, clothes, hoes, damn I want a lot of those.
Don't you fucking judge me, nigga who's not really shallow though.
I don't give a fuck, this is me; I accept that.
Confidence is key that's why you bang all my worse raps.
Pull at Lucy's late at night.
Higher than a Nasa flight.
Get an enchilada plate to prep me for the wake and bake.
Tighter than some leggings dude.
BeeGee is never begging you.
I'm pegging you lyrically.
English language symphony.
Take my girl to Tiffany.
She comprehends it shopping spree.
LV, Jimmy Choo, Fendi is undoubtedly.
In the bag, my pants sag, she love a nigga's mannerisms.
OG like me never on no vandalism, bitch.

Lookin' like a....
Lookin' like a million dollars or something just by the way I sit.
Put me in the room, I'll probably hit just to say I did.
Wake up searching for it justifying the way I live.
It's heaven sent... kickin' rhymes for a dime that's no where a ten of ten.
All black everything, leading will like the men in them.
Chasing after cake like Rihanna after the S&amp;M.
As soon as they steppin' out, I'm steppin' in.
If I ever had two exes, they just took an L cause I'm one of the freshest men.

Crew is like an army of messengers, got the game on lock.
Like a figure four, we're no wrestlers, this ain't wrestling.
This is more like vaseline on the ass of three models.
Real toasty, going down on the third floor of the Bellagio.
Word to BeeGee, nigga Wrekless ENT, nigga.
Shaq and Kenny Charles announcing it, TNT nigga.
Shout out paparazzi eating Pocky's on a beach.
Oh, you caught me want a piece?
What you TMZ nigga?

Damn, I swear my crew the hardest.
Been working to get acknowledged.
So if you niggas ain't targets, then.
Listen to the words that we been said.
Been spittin' rhymes since licorice and a Big Red.
Gettin' a big head, let me slow down for big head.
She a super bad bitch, but she'll be coming for big bread.
Yeah, God damn this shit is superficial.
But I swear if she on her menstrual, I'mma grab my pistol bruh.
Shoot a bitch with a punchline, her pussy next.
You just lunch while we've been waiting for crunch time.
And yeah, this a bad time and boy, yup droppin' bombs.
Nigga ain't ready, just call my ass Osama.
Yo' momma know what's up, cause drama.
So call yo' momma right now, she gon' slobber.
On the knobber.
If a nigga ready, I just tell a yellow-bone.
Just hop up on the corn-a-cobber.
Hit her real quick and yeah the bitch way thicker.
Than the last one, smoke her like the last blunt.
Spit it like a pastor.
Nigga, do you feel him?
I'm a real nigga, get it boy I'm a villain.
Or hero, everybody know what's up, the real one.
Jet said all black, do you fucking feel him.

