Tilt Lyrics
by Swordplay.


Common men.
Pedals for medals and settle.
To wither and wilt for it.
Where as I tilt.
So I tilt.
And I still stand on these whittled stilts.
Knocking down what I can't reach with my hands.
As I tilt, so I tilt.

No longer blind, but sometimes semi enlightened.
I pick up a paintbrush and rush at daylight.
As if I might find a way to brighten it.
I'm high but simultaneously wearing.
A sober disguise and liken it.
Took the lighter inside him, that had died.
The day I got done fighting it.
Cause today I met a rabbit with a habit as silly as suicide.
So I decided to try the magic, but as I sat down beside him.
I wallowed under weeping willows I didn't even know would grown inside of him.
And when the roads to heaven re-open.
I've been hoping, for steady weather and better timing a sense of this fuss.

I cuss at rocks and boulders anonymous shoulders.
They are not just god damn foot hills.
I told her I must a collapsed.
After I lapsed, and speech that bored me.
Heard cats laugh and half gasp.
Another closed door behind me.
In the morning I've been doing fine.
Where ever the CIA decides to find me.
So watch, as I chop down the whole block of pine trees.
Clock a cop at the crotch and rename the place pine street.
On Christmas Eve, even tripped across a tripping friends feet.
And press for the red, despite being left half dead from the green tea.
I'm the type of guy that types half his life out.
Ties every have and have not together with the half not and some white out.
Stood right out, that's why I go the shy route.
I'm known to blow lights out.
And stand alone in the dark until the day that I've had my pill.

I never handed it to the hands.
That handed me the zanics the Pan Am it was planned with harsh mananics.
So me and my man Dan panicked to the Can-Can and we can't and can it.
I'm in Amsterdam and god damn it.
I'm a sniff a line in the sand and start tannin' with a can and straw hats.
And hand some plans when I was hanging over the Atlantic.
Should have known I would crash the minute they began to land it.
Set a standard in the newsstand can't stand it.
A man had planted some cannabis.
This is what a mammal is.
This is what my worst day in ages.
The men under the same government made lasers.
Razor blades or grenades ain't a threat to the makers.
Make out in grey shades in a suede blazer.
The suede of the serenade of a blazed anger.
This lady's laid me away lazered with the same drain a tame tazers.
We lie naked.
She'll be saving a lay for later.
I wrote down how I should've found a way to hate her.
I should've some how had some papers.
This smokes bliss the whole day.
Instead it was just dumb.
For the sake of time of my life I laugh by my soul mate.
This time I lie to my friends, tell em all that I won't wait.
Nope, smoke dope and go choke and work on my song play.
Broke and rebuilt a record.
Called it tilt for old sake.
Sarah told it to the bone of the day that I had my pills.

