Tip Toe Lyrics
by Quanche.


Uh.
But where'd he go?
Woop!

Been through so many hawks it's like I'm in Atlanta.
My clique is just a bunch of dogs she think she in a kennel.
Rollin' stoley's brodie I don't pay no incidentals.
Smoking on some cannabis this shit is medicinal.
Might catch me talking to these bitches like I'm rich or something.
Only when it's bounty season, shit, at least I'm flipping something.
Yeah, leaning on that link, nah I ain't sipping nothing.
But if you need that, hey you got that urge them prescriptions coming.
Fake fucks I don't like them, you got a problem alright it's on sight then.
Yelling out GHEEEZ the whole city flea's, when they see a VR cat they bite.
him.
And the Crown wanna say we a gang and we wreak havoc your bandana hang like.
hamoc.
They should be in chains God Damn it! can't stand it! put em in a project.
leave em outta city planning.
And I know, they just wanna see me with my bros, catch me doing something put.
me in the federals.
You ain't gotta worry 'bout a phone, they gave a man life off a rap video,.
damn.
You grew up on that feet up shit, I'm yelling Free Up to who I grew up with.

I'd like to think that I'm part of more.
Painting chaos on a canvas reading Art Of War.
Anything I ever did I did on my accord.
It's that allure; buying products that were not endorsed.
Heard it through the silence, lead astray by the guidance.
So utter defiance is the only thing that we'll comply with.
We ready, so I hope that you ready.
Cause the good die young so you better be sinning if you really wanna live.
past twenty.

All a youngin' tryna do is make it out the bottom.
They said he died within two minutes after they shot him.
There's no saving us if we brave enough to seek asylum.
They just turn us away, so we turn to survival.
Might catch me talking to these yuppies like I'm rich or something.
As if my fam' affluent too ya my dad was Richard something.
Yeah, head of business something all the while I'm flipping hustling.
On top that I got that so if cops come I'll be dippin' from em.
Fuck, how the hell you sposta get up?
Shit get sticky 'till you finally stuck.
Guns get to clickin' and they find it in a dump, in a rut get drunk 'till your.
pain get numb then what?
Then you back on the ave in another 209 from the TAV? following the same ol'.
path, popping off 'till you prolly go and get nabbed?
Damn, I don't even wear a fucking watch, I don't got time for the BS why pree.
it?
Never switch up if you want I OFF your light-bulb if you do get an idea.
You grew up on that feet up shit, I'm yelling Free.

