Toe Tags Lyrics
by Zoetic.


Real killer i ain't never been a wimp.
Gun on my hip, walk wit a limp.
Don't talk shit, or you get ya dome split.
Wit the four fifth, go bananas like a chimp.
You a bitch like a dog, when i toss a bone fetch it.
Do you get it? now don't complex it.
I'm just the best wit.
The microphone, in my palm.
Lookin very calm.
But what's really goin' on? really really goin on?
On the inside i'm like a tickin' time bomb.
Set to detonate, through the heart of ya speaker.
Wit' the vibrato of bass that be kickin' like a sneaker.
I got the heat like seeker, Franklin's like Arethra.
And they be poppin' like paprika, i wouldn't wanna meet ya.
Dead body in the future, leave you wit some sutures.
Beat you gon' be toothless, man my shooter's ruthless.
He will leave you roofless.
In the whip wit' the top back like, John F Kennedy.
Creepin' like a centipede, the industry's my enemy.
Slice the belly of the beast, wit this lyrical weaponry.
Reppin' the independence just to preserve my rap legacy.
Heresy.

Rest in peace to the game cause i killed it.
Kill any rapper to make sure that i instill it.

My trigger finger's itchin, my trigger finger's itchin.
My trigger finger's itchin, boy that chopper's never missin.
Gon' pull the white flag, when i'm pullin out the mag.
Givin' out them toe tags, go and grab a body bag.

I'm passin' out free toe tags.
I let my goons get real mad.
Cause they finna make a killin', catchin' bodies up for grabs.
You can rap bout ya set, but you don't know what you rep.
You just an actor son, and don't you ever forget.
That line got my nine stickin' out like baguettes.
On point like Nickolson, as good as it gets.
Come tattin' up ya chest, better put on a vest.
When you enter in my world you better act as a guest.
So stop playin' like you special, get in line with the rest.
I'm in the V.I.P, i make you R.I.P.
I got a cup full of Patron take a C.I.P.
I meant an S.I.P.
Oh will you pardon me?
I'm really drunk right now and i really gotta take a pee.
And as for drugs, then you know i'm always smokin' the tree.
Puffin' the smoke in the air let the mary jane free.
You just a pain in my ass like a bumble bee.
And i can have you fumigated for just a couple of g's.
I kill ya whole team, i ain't even gotta breathe.
Samurai swords sheathe, watch me murder the scene, ok.
Run in ya home, puttin' one in ya dome.
If you don't leave me alone, i'm pullin' out the chrome.
This is a splash zone, so don't whine and moan.
You see the smoke from the barrel let it take control.
You been a bitch ya whole life and now it's takin' its toll.
You really shouldn't fuck wit zac homie i'm sicker than Rome.
I'll slice the skin on ya head, and peel it back wit a comb.
I put the tool to ya skull, and then it's one in ya dome.

One in ya dome.

