Too Fast To Furious Lyrics
by Zoetic.


Too fast too furious, just in case you were curious.
I can chop on the track they say my flow is superfluous.
I'm the opposite of perfect, lookin' calm above the surface.
Now i'm flowin' like the currents, rewiring your circuits.
I'm talkin' lobotomy service, that means i'm comin' at ya head so try to keep.
it above water.
Got the sticky icky and i sell it by the quarter.
Pound, and i'm breakin' it down, i found the sound that'll make you levitate.
off the ground.
You clowns, ain't never been the talk of the town, muthafucka i'm the best.
thing around.
You say you wanna go hard, but that is just some bogarts.
Cookin up that boyardee sellin' it in ya schoolyard.
Now it's time to fuckin' speed up like a nine millimeter.

Sali,vating beat eater, BRRRRR, the bitch popped a pill and the pussy's gon'.
PRRRRRR.
To be brutally honest i got a bad demeanor, so suck on my weiner, cause i am.
the leader.
See me flying like a lemur, on my side of the world the grass is greener,.
implant the seeder.
To grow the creature, turn into a nefarious schemer like Seymour, pick up the.
pieces and take the job of a gleamer.
Workin' harder than a beaner hustlin' drugs in the street for cash until i'm.
ridin' in a brand new beamer.
M3, tryna make it as an emcee an artist, all the music playing on the radio is.
garbage.
I'm the hardest of targets, since my style's departed.
Aiming the farthest, inspired by the king of darkness.
Crawfish, i'm goin' cray cray, mayday, run up on a muthafucka' on his own.
payday.
Make 'em run his shit then i knock 'em out foulplay.
Runnin' down the hallway, i just let the saw spray.
Sawed off shotgun, hit me if you got one, ridin' in the whip wit my dogs like.
Dachshund.
Shootin' out the window there is no other option, in the streets of compton a.
crazy concoction.
Hold up, brother, you don't, wanna, stutter.
Summon, shudders, leave 'em, in the, gutter.
Shadows, movin', when i, make my, come up.
You ain't, bout that, gangsta, life so, shut up.
My flows'll leave you spinning like a vortex.
Failing college courses, tighter than a corset.
An animal like horses, or mustang, gun bang.
Empty out the clip and driving off in a new corvette.
Gas pedal push, gas engine go whoosh!
Blunt blowin so hard it'll tear off the roof.
Hood gotta couple scoops, let the turbos recoop.
Burnin' rubber on the streets then we're out like poof!
Goof, you know my plan is fool-proof.
When you can succeed even if it's a spoof.
It's boofed, i barfed, rip its features apart.
I'm choppin' out war cause the industry is bullshit.
Hit 'em wit a full clip, read 'em out a orbit, now they cannot focus.
I am the opposite sitting in a full lotus, perfectly orchestrated by Mr..
Holland's Opus, death by the dosage.
Four horses, driving four hundred porsches, see the butterfly doors like it.
went through metamorphis.
Sis, check the time on my wrist, so kiss the sky while i, bust you wit' this,.
diss.
I'm pissed to the point i wanna blitz my fist in his face and leave his body.
in the abyss.
I've been smokin' a blunt and now i'm drinkin' a fifth.
Officer i'm drunk and high but i'm still pleading the fifth.
I'll chop you up with scythe, come and meet death the grim ain't a myth.
Reaper in the shadows makin' you pissed.
He's the darkest shade that follows, you from the cradle to the gallows.
On point like a arrow.
I am the disease that's eating at the scarecrows.
I'm not even trying this is easy like a freethrow.
Dippin' off on the track and i ain't using my big toe....

