Too Bad Lyrics
by Unonimus.


I basically cheated life.
Waited to see the light.
But decided to skip death cause I hated what he was like.
Saw the cost of living and paid it the full price.
Then I flew back 'round to earth and made it without a fight.
I remember when people thought I was crazy, well they were right.
Started gettin' mad cause I hate when the bullies bite.
In ISS for a day over blinking lights.
Yelled at an administrator and I was like.
I hate it when people lie!
Almost went insane in a way and I caused a fright.
Then in 7th grade I tried to be lazy with all my might.
But my grades were just getting nice.
And then my teachers though hey, maybe this kid is bright.
Maybe his mom was right.
Maybe he's Woodland's type.
And there's just nothing else to say that I wouldn't mind.
Cause that's just how it's been to the day that I wrote this rhyme.

I'm tired of the world, there's not enough air.
I'm tired of school, I hate having to share.
I'm tired of all these people talking 'bout swag.
So if you're tired of me, that's just too bad.

I'm a little fool.
Only in middle school.
Somehow I've been deemed as a talented and gifted individual.
Man I swear it's a miracle.
How I handled the hate and the ridicule.
I couldn't care less, and I mean that literally.
I hate to say this, but it's just pitiful.
What our generation's forced to listen to:.
If you can rhyme two words that means you're lyrical.
It's hard to show y'all how I feel but here we go.
I don't care how swag you got.
How many money bags you rock.
How many hags you've shot.
Or how much crack or pot.
You've sold on the street.
Or whether your lungs bleed and I won't speak.
Anymore on this before this whole song turns into a full on diss.
So I'll just clench my fist, and bite my tongue.
Whether I'm right or wrong.
I know right where I'm going.
I'mma keep writing this song.

I'm here to murder rap with my futuristic weaponry.
And if I run out of ammo, I'll take it out alphabetically.
Cause I want y'all to understand every sound, every letter see.
So I guess there's no wonder I spell my name phonetically.
And yeah there just so happens to be a small devil that rests in me.
And lately I've been thinking that I might just let it free.
It tells me life'll be better, I say it better be.
People tell me I'm smart, I say no, I'm just clever me.
And I might wright a letter to the angles of rap.
Cause I'm not afraid to admit that I'm hating this crap.
So many things I want to change I even got a list.
So my letter would probably go something like this.
Dear angles up there.
All I ask now is that you please come here.
Because rap is headed straight down stairs.
It's turned to a bad show, this generations in the front chair.
So I just hope something good is calling the.
Game cause right now it's coming apart like fallin' dust.
So I just ask that you please help all of us.
Thank you, sincerely Unonimus.

