Top Dog Lyrics
by Viro the Virus.


It's now time for our feature presentation.
Jersey's Finest....
It's going down....
Back in effect.
Alright okay, check it out.
Yeah yeah yeah.

Viro the Virus.
Stampeding like a psycho Rhino.
It's the wino named Viro and I know.
You can't see my flow with either of your eyeholes.
Try and get played like Tyco.
I snipe foes nocturnal with night glows.
And ride out back to the hideout to light dro.
Too much to deal with with ill shit steal your meal ticket real quick.
Then flip the kill switch.
A bio-hazard rhyming bastard.
Grab the mic and lightning flashes, then rappers turn to piles of ashes.
Multi-syllabic with cult-like status.
Cold Colt 45 and a ho tied in my attic.
Pour some out on the floor for Rick James.
Think of Dirt McGirt and do the same thing again.
From the womb to the tomb, my momentum gains.
And music flows through it like it's dope in your veins.

Yeah, V shot calls like top dog.
An advocate to sex, drugs, and hip hop, off the wall.
Sick dope, dope sick.
Yeah, to all of you and y'all and all of them listen.

Yeah, V shot calls like top dog.
An advocate to sex, drugs, and hip hop, off the wall.
Sick dope, dope sick.
Yeah, listen at full attention, you don't wanna miss him.

Yo, you can never bend me like a jheri curl.
Even when I'm 'bout to hurl off a St. Pauli Girl.
With no money for bubbly.
I still get balls-deep in barkeeps from Coyote Ugly.
Got a PhD in advanced flow studies.
That keep it bouncing like Man Show Juggies.
Tighter than bosom buddies, good, bad and hungry.
And got mad hoodrats that love me.
Cause I'm fluid and I'm well-hung.
Do it till it's well done to leave losers with their bells rung.
Bring the beef like meatloaf.
Every MC's nightmare but fans say he's such a dreamboat.
From a cloud of weed smoke I emerge.
With obscene quotes and rhymes with fighting words.
Out for glory and whores with nice curves.
And I can end your story at the tip of the iceberg.

I'm either too trashed to dance licking acid stamps.
In the classic max stance with a trashy tramp.
Or inhaling spliffs in Motel 6.
With underage runaways taking black tail flicks.
Or drinking gin with a harlot.
Stepping on peasants for pestering me to touch the hem of my garment.
Or in the stu taking bong hits.
Morphing my morbid portraits to song to put em on disc.
Either way I'm not the kid to play.
My display peels your mask away then leave your masquerade in disarray.
Hung with fellas who had the map for Zelda.
Now I hang with cats with blunt wraps and paraphernalia.
Fulltime failures plotting on part-time bank tellers.
To get dough for a crib with a wine cellar.
Boy I tell you they don't write em like they used to.
So I hit the stu and cooked this up like couscous, here.

