Top Back Lyrics
by Z-Mane.

Opening Z-Mane 
 
Let me tell y'all, what's about to go down, 
I done called two of my homies for this z-mix 
Stuff is crazy. Naw'M sayin', 
It's, ya boy Z-Mane, let's get it 
 
Ok! This is the z-mix man. You already know 
It's ya boy Z-Mane, with a flow so cold, 
Phillip, Flame and Armyboy. They done came to steal the show 
It's that top back nigga. If you ready, then let's go 
 
Ok my mind on my money and my money. On my mind. 
Young nigga named Z, yeah, I'm always on my grind 
I, like my beat down low and my top. Let back 
Ain't nothin' changed mane, I'm still ridin' in the lac 
On some playa-type ish, you niggas, just some lil squares 
When. They see me ride by they be looking kinda scared. 
I got that candy painted blue lac. I thought you niggas knew that 
Man put down that hot dog cause here. Comes the cool cat, 
Z dash M, A N, the last letter E 
Been killing this thing can't nobody do it better G 
When! They see that caddy driving by yeah. They know whassup 
Kirko Bangz in this thang. I got that drink up in my cup 
I'm, like Tech N9ne. When I hit the streets, I think my car is psycho 
But. I stay on the safe side, I'm never needing Geico 
Statefarm, Allstate Nationwide or Progressive 
I'm still doin'. My thing ain't worried about no recession. 
I ride by looking clean, yes, I'm so impressive 
They said they can't ride. Like me, it's the depression. 
They finally learned their lesson, so please stop stressin' 
It's, Thanksgiving nigga and I'm all about the dressin' 
Used to be in the passenger and now I'm in the driver's seat 
Shawty. If he ain't treating you right, then you can't ride with me: 
Young Z-Mane and I'm doin', big thangs 
Yeah, I'm stackin' big faces, don't care about chump change, mane 
 
I, like my beat down low and my top let back 
Still ridin' in the lac, with some Hoes in the back 
Ay holla, if you like your ride down low and your bass up high 
Looking like an O.G. everytime, you ride, by. 
Ay, 
, 
Phillip Flame Talking, 
Yeah, ..., .. 
Y'all know how to do it. To'Em right 
Haha: let's do it. ... 
 
I'm a do it for Atlanta, Cob County know they missin' me 
I'm, talking bout them niggas with Balleys and Louies on their feet. 
These haters gon' talk and that's something. That'S gon' be guaranteed. 
These niggas, still runnin', I'm resting out here up in the lead. 
I'M clean, I mean I'm really still shinin' 
I'm only 16 and I'm out here, grindin' 
So high up in the sky got a nigga think he flyin' 
I'm your girl's, favorite rapper and the bitch ain't. Lyin' 
Call me Phillip Flame cause. Everybody know that he's hot 
And when it comes to bitchin' and snitchin'. That'S something he's not 
Oh. He fly, He swaggin' some True Religions, not Levis 
You, talking bout, a check, but you niggas out here in Reeboks, 
And fee-lies, we riding with 4-15 like them, 3-5's 
Let me, stop we mobbin' all day, so that mean that we rock 
Haha. I had to say: what's what 
And I got it in the song with Flame Gang whassup 
Let's. Do it 
 
Armyboy Talking 
I got you Z, 
 
Young Military Scary y'all be softer than some fairies 
Am. I ready Yep very time for these boys to get buried. 
Been in it, since it began and stayin' until the end, 
The city is what I ran and still runnin' it man 
I'm chillin', with the fam Phillip Flame, Z-Mane, 
It's, the military boy. You should know my name, 
Ain't nothin' bout. It changed still stayin' the same 
Zoomin'. All on these suckers, they ain't seein', a thang, 
I'm, steady pushin', that gas city cruisin', like mad 
Flyin' across the land, still stayin' the man 
Music louder than bands, thought that you would know 
I'm deep up in that post. You should already know I do the most 
 
Z-Mane Talking 

What up T.I. 
 
Look. Now, even though I like my beat down low and my top, let back 
I be riding real slow. Is there a problem with that 
I got my foot up on the gas. Put the pedal to the metal 
Stop tryna act, hard, nigga and click that seat belt, 
Ridin' down to your city, scopin' out for somethin', pretty 
Nigga my flow neutronic. You might as well call me Jimmy 
Yeah, my flow cold, isn't it Might as well? Let Hov hear it 
And my beat so loud. I bet LaTrayl and Toby, hear it 
Ok my money, real big, the rims is real big 
You, niggas hatin' on me cause I'm on some Tip: ish 
Yeah, I'm ridin' in the lac with Army and Phillip Flame 
And. If you even try to diss nigga we'll take you out the game, 
Z-Mane 
, 
Closing, Z-Mane 
And, that was the Z-Mix
 
