Torr's Empathy Jam Lyrics
by Swirlies.

I have a complex about how I look in t-shirts with big, stretched-out necks.
I have been exposed to the products of life without love.
As well as the products of superior genius.
And, as usual, I haven't the slightest idea of what to tell about where I've.
been and what I've been doing.
Me and my lover, we keep our treasure trails to a whiffle.
We're connected at our hip and in all our orifices.
I was just with him last night in the shower.
They were like Dude, get with us.
And I got with them.
I'm lazy, but something always interesting happens.

Kicked out of mom's house.
Kicked out of dad's house.
But I think it's justice that we're using to blow off all our negative steam.

I've had to do some stuff that I couldn't even tell you about.
Writing home is like walking on glass, I have to edit my life.
Tell everyone what they want to hear, but what about the truth?
You could get killed, oh my god, I'm so fucking scared to die!
I should be able to tell you the truth.
I'm mentally unstable: obsessive.
I feel as if my family thinks that I have different priorities than they do.
I don't think they understand that I don't have priorities.
The highest priority in my life is making love; I love to spread love.
All day and make love all night.
Nothing else matters but money.
Money is my wrench in the works.
I've got... it's got.

Torr, use your knowledge as a tool, not a weapon.

But if you give a lot of love, you get lots of shit for free.
Can purpose be found in things like rats and dogs?
Rewarded by coincidence?
It's so hard to spread love when you can't be yourself.
It's like once I asked my sister....

What did you ask her?

It's called faith through empathy and it's through empathy, I hear....

I wear the same pants everyday, but it don't matter, dude.
Because they're still sharing their earrings and spreading their AIDS.
I hang out with people who smoke pot.
Oh, I fell off, christ.
T-Bone, you're a righteous king and I owe my life to you.

