Torsion Fields Lyrics
by The Undergods.

Let me see ya hands.
We network power moves.

Keith Murray, Canibus.
Don't make your gun go click, click boom.
Create a whole genre.
The world ain't safe, there's no tomorrow.

Nigga, this is 'Torsion Field'.
Attack the jugular, overkill.
Keith Murray and Canibus, what's the meaning?
The hardcore niggas in the streets is fiending.

Make you play hide and go seek with your demons.
Ranting, raving, hollering, screaming.
Unverified Keith Murray, LOD, oh my god.
Keith Murray, Canibus, so damn hard.

We make them reminisce over you Undergods.
You can meet you maker, step into my face and you is a faker.
Hater, I'll see you later, I'll put you in an incubator.
You'll be dead and me and Canibus will be in Jamaica.

In Jamaica, guns shots up on ya.
Come in like a big pussy, don't you, where I'm gon' dump ya.
Expert flow Germaine, broad head, four-hundred grain.
I was entertained, I saw a hundred slain.

Deranged finder ranger reminder, paint the target.
Walk up to your forehead and paint across it.
Revisit that, give me a minute to re-edit the rap.
Fuck that, I'll put my fist in your trap.

Nigga wanna spit, we spat, that's that.
What the fuck you looking back for it's the last lap.
Got me in a hassle, nigga acting like he wanna wrestle.
Smack DVD gun battle.

Torsion Field twist steel blow the air back off wheel.
You are dragged from the car and killed.
Ski mask face, no trace, rap sound like rape.
We gesticulate like apes on mixtapes.

This high fidelity, fuck what they telling me.
No body address the beat like Canibus and Keith Murray.
Raw to the floor, raw like 'Reservoir Dogs'.
Undergods coming with that yes, yes, y'all.

Ayo, the Burnout Brothers, we the truth.
I spit that shit to make me run out the booth.
I got to say peace to my uncle Snoop.
We smoke chronic leaves into a poof.

And everybody knows we some lyrical fools.
When they guess the metaphors they be like, ooh.

Me and Canibus can go for days.
And linger in the mind like displaced rage.
We make that hardcore tailor made.
That make niggas put your face on the front page.

You motherfuckers, you can't compete.
You know you don't wanna go man for man, power on the streets.
It's Bis and Keith, yeah, bring it on.
Bring it on, bring it on, bring it on.

Ha, yeah, we set fire to the world.
And everybody got to resort to the beach, ha.
Yo, what you gonna do when we trap you on the sand? Ha.
It's the grandsons of the Son of Man.

Of the sickest sickest, sickest son of Sam.
Shout out to Killah Priest.
And them hardcore niggas that run the streets.
Yo shout out to my man Mental, shout out to bis.

