TOURLifE Lyrics
by Xc.


Reporting live from the bottom 
Niggas wan na talk about the rhymes. Then I got em 
And. If they wan na talk about the cash, then I'm on it, 
Tell em, I'm gone, I be back in a moment. 
I need more everything 
Fuck. What these niggas telling me 
Married to the game and never got her wedding ring 
Thats cuz! I want it all. I never was into settling 
Love her with half my heart and I promise you. I would never cheat 
Nah. I don't fuck around 
I just shut em down everytime. I come around 
Tryna find a producer with that muthafucking sound 
And. Soon, as he lace me up, I promise I'mma run the town 
Since, the overflow. I let then muthafuckas drown 
Punchlines punchlines Im like who want another round. 
But, don't worry, tho got bars, 
I swear. I only take shots because they ain't hot 
Guess. They on the wrong track, get off it for that train. Stop 
Young Tim Duncan. Consider this a bankshot 
Ones for the money they told me you'll, never prevail, 
Been, fresher, then hell since the day that I stepped outta jail, 
Walked on the court room and looked the judge in his eyes. 
On some don't say a word shit like I never will tell 
These niggas acting like bitches. They was stressing bout, bail, 
I, wouldn't tripping at all. I just sat in that cell 
Writing colder shit. Why? You think I'm over sick 
Everybody got lines. None of they shit is dope, as this 
Hit the hommie Drew up. I told him I'm on some focus shit 

And, who you know as cold. Is this 
Thats a trick question Just tell em to quit: guessing 
We just quarantine, the booth cause I'm having a sick session 
And. We balling to no wonder your bitch checking 
Ya lame too. I blame you 
Ain't, nothing! Change duke! I came thru to shame. Dudes 
How! You feel now tell me how you feel now: 
Games full of actors and I'm bringing the reel out 
Everything get killed now instrumentals, especially 
Low expectations of shit. They said we'd never be 
Why. Look behind when so much shit is ahead of me. 
I never made excuses. I swear, I don't know the recipe 
But I'mma. Do it big for all my niggas that rest in peace, 
3, cribs, 7 V's, all the shit we'd never need 
Shit. I guess my nigga Biddy said it best 
To, The Ones. U Respect. Living is fucking Everything, 
I'm Gone
, 
