Train Of Thought Lyrics
by Uno Hype.


Everybody'S listenin' 
Everybody's talkin' 
They sayin' that they run it. I seen them niggas joggin' 
Homie, kept balkin' telling me that he ballin' 
Them lies never bought'em 
Hype is what they sure called him. 
Big homie passin', the ball 
Best. Believe I caught it 
Trying hard to see me fallin' 
Tell em, to stop hackin' the ref ain't. Call it keep on playin' my road 
They settin', picks on my row. 
I'Mma drive straight to get to my goal: 
My path, glittered in gold, 
Young, nigga still rocking. These shows 
Plus, I'm hot, with the flow plottin' to blow 
Just the beginning of my plans, plus we doin' what we can 
Fuck boy stuck in the jam mind. Spinning like a fan, 
Plus, I'm going to a man, I got ta keep livin' 
I got ta. Keep writing these images. A nigga spit it 
Knowing. I ain't lived it 
Tell'em meet me at the finish line. I'M already there like give me mine, 
Dawg, we finna shine just more waitin', 
Fuck, being patient until them. I'Mma keep blazin' 
Since. My train of thought racing whole jays. I face em 
The whole scene changin', once homie start cakin' 
Shit we started in the basement. Now shit be all gravy 
The life be all crazy. The bud be outrageous. 
Look honey! Don'T play me. I don't know why you niggas hate me 
Just watch how long it take me. I kill in-season rabies 
But, really, I'm just lazy chillin'. In our take 3 
But I kept going and showing the grind potent 
To Nicki my mind. Don'T get why time floatin' 
Mind blowin' living out my dream, this shit is mind-blowing. 
I can't blow this shot. I only got one in my life. 
I brought my heart. You bought a knife 
Should, we go numb it with ice. 
Young niggas. We just doing it right. 
We, be the dudes. You was doin', it like 
Word of advice is open your eyelids and look at a young nigga just doing it
right 
Moves through the night, and I kill em all since they was moving the light 
Put'em in alignment. Lock me in confinement, 
But, you don't know what grind is you got ta put the time in 
But. Don'T remind me, I might put'em on silent 
Rip'em apart them, leave your brains to dry kid 
Kickin' it like Tribe. Did I don't see you ahead of us 
I. Just keep calm, I do not see no competitors 
Move to the next lane. I'Mma push the pedal up, 
Movin' like a they all the way in the back 
Since. All they do is tap for this and that that pitter pat 
I'm in the front light a L to relax nigga
 
