Triforce Rap Lyrics
by Yungtown.

Wisdom, brought out by the vision.
Depicted by mysticism, prolific scriptures encrypted.
In the richest forms, spirits and sages are born.
To imprison an ancient force aiming for us, take this sword.

It's way more than sacred orders to forsaken mortal foes.
It's to illustrate a patience demonstrate a moral code.
If we cannot protect this chamber from an aggressive nature.
Authenticated by hatred, we'll be forcefully controlled.

With Wisdom we summon secrets so we can uphold the peace of.
Our kingdom, because evil isn't something that we can become.
Some people will push us off at the top of our achievements just.
Holding a crooked grudge, that's one of my general grievances.

And if the beast that's leashed up, shall emerge from the surface.
Shake the dirt up from it's home we must remain determined.
Desert the burden there is no reason to worry.
Our people will not be beaten for we lean upon our courage.

Courage , when you gotta lean up on that feeling you don't recognize.
It's a weapon with a message that threatens every menace we can identify.
We cannot replicate a time that fear redecorated our.
Behavior from communicating that a hope had vaporized.

It may take some time, to awaken, but nevertheless we must stay inspired.
And make the expectations of our quest to commission a letter that ventilates.
a fire.
I don't care I'll endanger my life with the master sword in hand.
Because no matter the jeopardy no enemy can step to me sufficiently therefore.
you won't advance.

Gannondorf I will never be known for given in or being weak.
I will not break down in the middle of everything.
My courage will catapult me to a simple victory.

I'm far more than an individual in green.
I'm a poetic depiction of what a hero can be.
So if you really wanna go toe to toe hold up, theres one more final piece.

POWER, Supposedly the exhibition of passionate.
Practices that make the actions actually accurate.
Even in the accidents they power through the masses with.
Immaculate control and letting go of it is blasphemous.

Cause people with more power, all they want is more power.
To the point where happiness can't be found just devoured.
Where the populace is bottled up into becoming monstrous.
At least in our story power is what the problem is.

It's positively provocative specifically in politics.
But in the proper hands we can pocket the apocalypse.
And if our heart is polished with a virtue that is solid the.
Triforce will sparkle altering Hyrule into a promise land.

