Triple Stage Darkness Lyrics
by 3rd Bass.

You are sleeping! You do not want to believe.
You are sleeping!

* DJ Richie Rich cuts.
Guide you out of triple stage darkness - Rakim, +I Ain't No Joke+.
And Chuck D saying Follow for now! *.

Prime Minister!

Pete Nice.
Black zone darkness, void as snakepit.
So I'ma spit a lyric at the packed lip.
Sit stunned I drum lyrics in your egg case.
Space filled, darkness a blank face.
Recognize unknown throne at deep depths.
A Prime Minister incites a slow death.
Of a rational thought through the physical.
Triple Stage Darkness, first stage lyrical.
Sight to see, a piece of the Serch-light.
Truth is loose, lips slips to Twilight Zones.
Prone to blow revision.
I'm 20/20 and your in-tune is in prison.
Switchin from this track, move back in motion.
Unaware of your own evolution.
Regress through the tunnels and flee light.
Illumination, the first stage, my birthright.

* DJ Richie Rich cuts.
Guide you out of triple stage darkness - Rakim, +I Ain't No Joke+.
And Chuck D saying Follow for now! *.

MC Serch.
Deaf, dumb and blind, the 3rd Bass find.
You move further away from the swine.
As I rhyme and effects your slide into tape decks.
Light black in your face, what do you do next?
The question posed -- you're livin in delerium.
Serch speakin in a spasm, can't you see him?
But you can't see the light's dim, it's growin darker.
Cut off from the knowledge, un-smarter.
Depart from the norm, completing a born to born.
From opportunity, comes a thunderstorm.
That sets in, tricked by the trickster.
The only way out is DJ Nite, or Prime Minister.
You follow, but attention span is minimal B.
Now you're lost, never thought of intellectually.
The 3rd's word, guide you as we spark this.
Cause you're blind in the second stage of darkness.

* DJ Richie Rich cuts.
Guide you out of triple stage darkness - Rakim, +I Ain't No Joke+.
And Chuck D saying Follow for now! *.

Prime Minister.

Pete Nice.
As I move, I soothe like stimuli.
Not professor of hype, ask why.
Some fable'll hold true to written word.
Over lessons of life, the 3rd of Bass.
Face up, step to a devil.
Not takin, but remain invisible.
Men judge by passin a mountain.
Called Caucus, and ignorants are mouthin.

MC Serch.
Fallacy, the great fall, fell in disgrace.
How can hatred uplift a race?
Not a dribbler or watermelon picker.
Givin you the Gas Face, as I'm dickin ya.
DOWN DOWN DOWN, but up from Sa-tan.
Knowledge is a child with a mind and a crayon.
Brilliance in difference, tracin true sight.
Third stage knowledge, brought forth a new light.

* DJ Richie Rich cuts.
Guide you out of triple stage darkness - Rakim, +I Ain't No Joke+.
And Chuck D saying Follow for now! *.

