Troopers Reprezent Lyrics
by 3rd Eye.

Yes, indeed, 
94 is the season 
 
 3rd Eye 
Well. Once upon a time remember when 
Ya had a slop down couldn't hear the sound 
Of, the E-y-e ringin in the new year 
Who shall, I fear, 
Comin for the dungeon grudge, not what you can't see. 
They could not decipher the text book. I daily 
 
 Zone 7, 
 ... the mind tricks. I try to get a grip 
Slip into a different schizophrenic, skit 
Chaotic and the flow is hypnotic 
Erotic, demonic, sonic, atomic chronically demolished artist, 
The shit. I spark on brothers, heartless 
Gaspin askin who's, the one to put your style in traction, 
All that the ditch digger - that's him, 
 
 Nine 
I'm on some next shit. Can I wreck shit 
With my Sumo-fat style cause. Yours is anorexic. 
Chck-Chck-Pow boom-boom-bap-bang 
Ten feet of rope around your neck and can't hang 
I'm runnin rings around rappers like a dirty collar. 
I, don't care if you whisper or if ya, holler, 
True 9 Double M will do you like voodoo 
You butterknife in the house of ginzu 
16 eyes on your face and can't see me 
Since a cloud of smoke like _I Dream of Jeannie_ 
You in a $ 100 spot with a buck 
Like the gods and 3rd Eye say kid: eeease up, 
, 
 3rd Eye 
Next up time for me to fly, come on 
Back up back up turn the track up: 
Black I'm'bout to blow up boom 
Best. To give me room, I'm comin through 
You can't do me 
Yo, who you be 
Even, Aaron Hall, couldn't'groooove, me', 
Boy, your little style. Don'T move me 
Truly! You never knew me. You'Re, booty, 
My, 3rd Eye style is heavy duty. 
My crew be gettin funky, like a spliff of the skunky 
You, can't even get a whiff of the funk punk 
Tried to get the formula, but I be two levels on top of them: 
Proper ain't, no stoppin him. When I'm droppin em 
Chopper, I chop em in them bread crumbs and get they head numb 
Fuck around, I be like REDRUM REDRUM, 
 
Now. All my troopers in the front represent 
And. All my troopers in the back represent 
And. All my troopers on the left represent 
Hey yo, my troopers on the right represent 
Now. All my troopers in the back represent 
And. All my troopers up front represent 
 
 Top Quality 
I leave no questions about who flip-whips the mic 
It's the pen blockrocker, no doubt to get you hype 
With. The slide slide shit to make you flip 
Got the skills to write my scripts 
So yo. Let me kick it one time: peep the technique, 
Don't sleep. It creeps right up on ya, 
 Wan na battle who's gon na rescue. You 
It's time to show you somethin that you never knew 
 cause, I'm comin through 
 
 Zone 7. 
Now. It'S hectic check. It yo don't stress that yet 
Where, I'm steaming from holding my bones, see me come to wreck it. 
Rolling it with my brother stompin skulls 
What, you tryin 
Crazy, muthafuckas dyin 
Some get broken some still smokin 
Strictly runnin through the streets 
If you sleep, you're stupid. I'M back in lovely 
Cops. Don'T try to stop me back up off me. Not sellin drugs, gee 
And, I'm smashin, MC's, 
Collectin, g's air get salty 
Money. You was faulty 
I protect quickly, don't get with me! 
Then! I'M Audi back down south gee 
Crazy rowdy 
 !
 Lord Finesse 
Check it 
It's the automatic Asiatic rap fanatic 
I'm, like a addict that gots to have it 
When. I see the microphone. I ain't scared to grab it 
Fuck that it's Lord Finesse. Now there you have it 
It's the grand speaker smoke. You like reefer 
Fuck. It I put it on like sneakers 
Here, to stay and get paid in the right way. 
Shit, I say is x-rated like Andrew Dice, Clay, 
A showstopper, I'm a rocker who can flow proper 
Girls clock me like a muthafuckin soap. Opera 
Brothers be makin. Rhymes talk about takin mine, 
Kids need to chill and resign don't waste your time. 
Cause you brothers are blind. Y'All, don't know, 
I got plenty rhymes. I bust your monkey, ass anytime, 
, 
 3rd Eye 
Well. It'S time to manifest this manifestation 
Of a ill skill. Will free will abil' 
Still doin 10 more years on a bid 
For the verbal assaults on these kids out 
They think they dope set up on a Troo Kula scale. 
Weighed less than a gram was a flam for my sale, 
Yeah cause. I can flip that 
Never knew a lyric who flew 
Troo the trendsetter flex to get better 
Decipher your code to the very last letter. 
I can't sink with this instinct to think 
My thought caught abroad, your skull to the brink 
With a wink. I re-define the dense contents. 
Of nonsense, flip that to intelligence, 
You want it hemmed up, stitched up, sewn up 
Aw shit. Kid, you don't know: a fuck 
 
Bronx represent 
Queens represent 
Brooklyn represent 
Bed-Stuy Bed-Stuy Bed-Stuy represent 
Represent, represent, 
Represent represent 
Staten Island 
Represent, represent 
Represent, represent 
Long Island represent, represent 
Represent, represent 
Boogie Down Bronx representin y'all for 1994 
 
Uknowmsayin 
Remember that 
We out
 
