TV On 10 Lyrics
by The Uncluded.


Take a deep breath, try to relax.
Just close the shade, don't start to panic.
Hope there's no map, in the seat back.
Cause if I know, where we're at.
Right as we cross to blue from green.
The fiery terror will engulf me.
You hold my hand reluctantly.
But you look at me like I am crazy.
Planes almost never crash, you say.
Almost never isn't never, I say as I shake.
And I fight back tears, my biggest fear.
Something going wrong while we're up here.
Eyes closed tight until we land, I don't care if it's rare.

It happens....

It happens....

Five in a den with a TV on 10.
229 meeting in a sea beyond them.
Married to marathon of bad cable access.
Times while the gravitron axis wind.
Up, Tony had a hive for the club.
Where the toes of the tigers, arrive and errupt.
Run's house flies in a ripening husk.
Each unwound one too alive to instruct.
On his own, yet wove are a knife in the gut.
So a holed-up night was a fiber to clutch.
Wednesday 9/2/98, but really.
Not even a client of your time and space.
Surf in a 20 inch tube.
In a home-videos-over-news kinda room.
But a casual flip is a light-show dice roll.
Looking for a chuckle, might stumble on a cyclone.
This just in: tale of a plane crash.
Typical affliction to flinch at and change past.
Harsh but the city piles stiffs like a haystack.
Either you're a needle or a gray mass.
One channel up, wait, maybe change back.
Okay, a dose of the old death toll game.
Fact: MD-11 in the ocean.
Close to the coast of a cold Nova Scotia.
Left JFK, smelled smoke in the vulture.
Found fire in the hole, never found closure.
Now a quote from his homeboy Jeremy:.
My mother took a night flight out of Kennedy.
What? Yup, she was Switzerland bound.
Aw, dude, she's fine, dude, she's fine.
What you're thinking is an impossibility of design.
Turn it up a second if you need a little peace of mind.
Halifax divers find no survivors.
We just need the name of the city you were flying towards.
It's not like any of us knew the routing.
But the given alternative isn't one we were allowing.
Here's where the room run a fever:.
Five in a den waiting on a flight number through a speaker.
And I never knew a number as a cleaver.
'Till an anchorwoman utter Swiss Air 111 to Geneva.
Holy fucking shit.
What just happened? That doesn't happen.
We were just sitting here normal.
Now they got a motherless child with a father and a widower to phone call.

I remember that you rode your bike home.
N.Y. autumn like a fright-night fight song.
Four stayed up late with the lights on.
Combing over every last scale on a python.
You were in the hearts of the posse you were raised in.
Spoke of in the same breathe as powerful and brave men.
Learned life had a death, live with his friends.
Five in the den with the TV on 10.

