U.N.I.T.Y. Lyrics
by Queen Latifah.


Uh U.N.I.T.Y. U.N.I.T.Y., that's
a unity, 
U.N.I.T.Y. love a black man from infinity to infinity, 
, 
U.N.I.T.Y. U.N.I.T.Y., that's a unity; 
 
U.N.I.T.Y. Love, a black woman from 
Infinity to infinity 
U.N.I.T.Y. U.N.I.T.Y.. That'S a unity, 
 
U.N.I.T.Y. Love, a black man from 
Infinity to infinity .
 
Instinct leads me to another flow 
Every time. I hear a brother call, a girl, a bitch or a ho 
Trying to make a sister feel low. 
You know all of that gots to go 
Now. Everybody knows, there's exceptions to this rule. 
Now don't be getting mad when we playing it's cool 
But, don't you be calling out my name 
I bring wrath to those who disrespect me like a dame 
That's. Why I'm talking one day, I
was walking down the block 
I had my cutoff shorts on right cause. It was crazy, hot 
I walked past these dudes. When they passed me, 
One of'em felt my booty. He was nasty, 
I turned around red. Somebody was catching the wrath 
Then. The little one said Yeah me bitch and laughed 
Since. He was with his boys. He tried to break fly 
Huh. I punched him dead in his eye. 
And said Who you calling a bitch 
 
I hit the bottom. There ain't nowhere else to go, but up 
Bad days at work, give you an attitude and you erupt 
And. Take it out on me, but that's about enough 
You, put your hands on me again. I'Ll. Put your ass in handcuffs 
I guess I fell so deep in love. I grew dependency. 
I was too blind to see just how it was affecting me. 
All, I knew was you. You was all the man I had 
And. I was scared to let you go 
Even though you treated me bad 
But. I don't want my kids to see me getting beat down. 
By, daddy, smacking mommy, all around 
You, say I'm nothing without ya, but I'm nothing with ya. 
A man! Don'T really love you. If he hits ya. 
This is my notice to the door, I'm not taking it. No more 
I'm, not your personal whore. That'S not what I'm here for 
And! Nothing! Good! Gon na come to ya til! You do right by me! 
Brother you wait and see. 
 
What's going on in your mind, is what I ask ya. 
But, like Yo-Yo, you don't hear me, though 
You wear a rag around your head, 
And, you call yourself a gangsta bitch 
Now that you saw Apache's. Video 
I saw you wildin', acting like a fool: 
I peeped, you out the window, jumping girls after school 
But. Where did all of this come from 
A minute ago you was a nerd and nobody ever heard of ya. 
Now you, a wannabe, ..., hard, 
You, barely know your ABC's, please 
There's plenty of people out there with triggers ready to pull it. 
Why you trying to jump in front of the bullet, 
Uh and real bad girls. Are the silent type 
Ain't. None of this worth getting your face, sliced 
Cause! That'S what happened to your homegirl right! 
 
She got to wear that for life. 
 
