Ugly Face Lyrics
by Unknown Prophets.


I hate that I wasted all of my time with you.
So now I'm leaving to find me something new.
You can get the hate face for the hell you put me through.
But now I'm leaving to find me something new.

Where was my common sense at?
I always sensed that you were an angel God sent back.
Not the kind that guard you, the kind that harms you.
That likes to deceive and charm you.
I should've went with my instincts.
And knew that the ship wouldn't stay afloat and that we'd sink.
But like a fool I ignored em, love tends to distort em.
Especially when you struck with boredom.
And you were far from a plain Jane, you were amazing.
But your attitude was too far from saving.
And nothing was changing, excuses and blaming.
You always promised me the same things.
But I never seen progress, even at our best.
You still felt cold and heartless.
How could you look so harmless?
Yet be such a narcissist, used me as you put in ?
You're always shallow and draining, feels like it's always raining.
Damn, all the sunny days that was wasted.
But no more frustrations, ain't no more waiting.
I'm taking all my shit and vacating.
What we had was never good, change you never could.
Don't know why I thought you ever would.
So I'm erasing the memories, not wasting my energy.
Fixing what I know will never be.

I hate that I wasted all of my time with you.
So now I'm leaving to find me something new.
You can get the hate face for the hell you put me through.
But now I'm leaving to find me something new.

We used to kick it like homies, I wish that I only.
Had known that you'd turn out to be phony.
I can't believe that you fooled me.
You truly did me like one of those chicks from those Godfather movies.
I didn't think it was possible.
But now looking back at how you acted it was nothing but comical.
I wish I would've saw it coming but I was caught up in.
Thinking we had a bond or something.
I can't believe that you did me like that.
You sliced me in the kidney and knifed me in the back.
I wished I'd known from the start that if I gave you my heart.
Plus a bunch of my trust you'd go and tear me apart and now I'm nothing but.
crushed.
You really got me but karma's gonna get you for the pain that you've caused me.
I thought we'd be together forever, thanks for proving me wrong.
And to you I dedicate this song.

I hate that I wasted all of my time with you.
So now I'm leaving to find me something new.
You can get the hate face for the hell you put me through.
But now I'm leaving to find me something new.

I swear to God I had it all planned out.
Young love had me standing on the corner with my dumb hands out.
And I'll admit that I was blind and kind of anxious for the meaning.
And it broke my little heart when I discovered you were cheating.
And you smiled, the type of smile that cuts into the skin.
With those razorbladed lips blowing kisses to the wind.
And I should've seen it then, you were in it for the blood.
And you never gave a minute into visualizing us.
A young vixen with a fork-split tongue.
My splinter and the reason why this whole thing froze, my winter.
With the whole world dead at my toes I grew bitter.
And if that's what you want I declare you the winner.
Move on, and find a new host to claim.
Hope died with the flowers and got left in the rain.
Now it floats with the garbage and gets caught in the drain.
Till it's soaked through, withered, and tossed out of the way.
Like trash, this is why I broke from your grasp.
And avoid every road that you drove on your path.
And if ever we should cross, you don't even need to look.

I hate that I wasted all of my time with you.
So now I'm leaving to find me something new.
You can get the hate face for the hell you put me through.
But now I'm leaving to find me something new.

