Unholy Vibes Freestyle Lyrics
by Unholy Homies.

Let me spark it off detrimental off actavis and now my fashion sense is like.
a.
Stencil.
Obe put my body out my mental, my wrath prolly crack the ground in half.
Make the devil rise, see clear but my third eye is my better eye.
Treat women like a blunt we hit and passss hoes, keep them chakras open it's ya last hope.

Very addicted to a nigga cause I'm pass dope.
We was trading sb kicks for sexy chicks, now I'm putting flows together for.
the next three hits.
And if life is a game nigga let me glitch, I heard life is a bitch and she like the dick.

She fucked the unholy nigga wit the pricey kicks, yolo ass niggas come to life I'm on my.
5th.
What is thissss ? A paradigm shiffffft.

We waving automatic guns at nuns just for fun .... The unholy ones.
We waving automatic guns at nuns just for fun .... The unholy ones.
We waving automatic guns at nuns just for fun .... The unholy ones.
We waving automatic guns at nuns just for fun .... The unholy ones.

We some lucid slash astral psychedelic assholes here from the past tho.
Y'all niggas is full of shit like gastro, flip a blunt than I pop a stick smoke some.
Daaaabs yo.

tabs.
O's, sticky hash bricks and different plaaateaus.
It's the unholy brigade and whoever you think is great can catch the livest.
Grenade, nah I'm.
playing, we bring the enlightenment to the shade.
\- I'm saying the bone I ignite the shit and I blaze, yall niggas stuck in gear if lifes a.
race .... stay in ya lane, cum blastin on ya dame, you niggas is crazed, knowledge lashings.
when I'm played,.
my body and my mind separated for days, breathe in and stop time.
Doctors say I'm insaneee.

We waving automatic guns at nuns just for fun .... The unholy ones.
We waving automatic guns at nuns just for fun .... The unholy ones.
We waving automatic guns at nuns just for fun .... The unholy ones.
We waving automatic guns at nuns just for fun .... The unholy ones.

My mind is like my inner room, it expands and widens my chances to bend a.
spoon.
In advance I'll see the sun dance rite through the gloom, yea yea my vision.
still.
Got through, my dad lost an eye for me but he still got 2, life threw me.
music.
But the route i choose, left me with a couple scrapes but my heart got bruised.
How do you repay someone for An eye? it ain't that much money in the world but.
I'll try, they say to be present In this life is a prize, turn on the news all.
I.
See is demise, us humans got a thing for praying to the sky, thirsty for god.
if.
You talking with no replies, the world spinsss and the government lies, roll a.
Spliff and than open ya eyes, nigga it's the unholy guys surpriseee.

