Unique Lyrics
by Xian.

My name is Christian and I've been on a mission.
To accomplish things that most people be wishin'.
Despite admonitions the haters are dishin'.
Following intuition until success comes to fruition.
I just turned twenty.
Got a pocket with some pennies, but not really that many.
Chasing cheese like a mouse, so you can.
call me Mickey.
No girl, no spouse, so I've got no hickeys.
Candy with my clothes cause I'll rock them now and later.
Superhero tees and some Supra Vaiders.

More unique than that meal, pork butts and taters.
Make you think I'm making mils, just like the Lakers.
I'm a toilet seat heater, chain candy.
eater.
Sharper than a meat cleaver.
Take pictures for a living, kinda like Peter.
AKA Spider-Man.
I used to want to pilot fighters and.
Maybe bombers, but then I'd probably kill more than Jeffrey Dahmer.
And that would terminate my conscience like John Conner.
This is just a little song I made in my own honor.

If you don't know me then you should listen.
This is just a little peek at what you're missin'.
If you don't know me then you should listen.
This is just a little peek at what you're missin'.
If you don't know me then you should listen.

I love to eat.
Probably couldn't tell by this sick physique, but.
I like to stay unique, so I'm the fit gamer with the widow's peak.
Shod with fresh sneaks, but I could roll.
with the geeks.
Fluent in leet-speak, I'm making girls.
say, “eek!”.
Still willing to wear fur, fleece, or minks.
But would still show up at Comic Con with.
some pink cheeks.
Acting like Pikachu, but hey look at you.
Are you really doing what you really wanna do?
Some people just do what's expected.
I read the script, but I chose to neglect it.
That's why I'm so eclectic.
Blind as a bat if you can't detect it.
Who else you know that can convert English to Metric.
And also take a Kanye beat and wreck it!?

If you don't know me then you should listen.
This is just a little peek at what you're missin'.
If you don't know me then you should listen.
This is just a little peek at what you're missin'.

