Up A Chair Lyrics
by XEL.


Hi, first off let me say that any day.
Any MC pretend to tempt me they get dealt with in any way.
A penny earned is a penny saved.
Sick of many ?, the semi-K lookin' at me like 'let's get this pay'.
Starin' in the mirror like 'frrruck this motherfuckin' job'.
Get stuck up for stuff and rob, you hustle with your squad.
We walkin' through your hood, we got the customers abroad.
And now my customer's a broad, she's talkin' like I ain't romantic.
It must have been an instinct not trustin' in a god.
I said fuck it though, cause I always came with the rugged flow.
Could give you my pain in a bucket load and never trust in those.
That think that I'm crazy or maybe bipolar.
In the clouds with the Michelin man, guess I'm a high roller.
It's fee-fi-fo-fum when I roll up, I know that we fly lower.
Lookin' out my rear view, it's people I be seein' clear through from the eye.
of the ?

I used to think I had a dream but now I see that nothing's there.
They tell me I'm a failer, loser, I don't fuckin' care.
So unaware, you're on my strings, I'm a puppeteer.
Gestured as a queen, that's a king, roll him up a chair.

Like, man, it's survival time, so when I write a rhyme.
Our vital signs are not inside of mind, we gotta go ride the line.
The Mad Chemist ain't gone yet, he's followin' in my design.
I'm fond in kind of rhymin' you ain't heard since Pun in '99.
Always been a veteran in training, never been complainin'.
Feel better when it's rainy, fuck it, if every day is pain, then.
I be leavin' soon, get back on them ?old/oat? seeds and eating 'shrooms.
Try'na stay in my chill zone though, I just need some room.
... I hate my life but don't we all though.
Fol-low, no, I said fall low cause it's hol-low.
These people always tell me these are dumb thoughts, you're just a kid.

Noone can stop me, every one of you flowin' is sloppy.
Makin' original, show 'em the copy, you in the ring and throwin' with Rocky.
You should've never got that microphone.
And left this rapper life alone, go be a ho in Degrassi.
... bitch.

It's that wacky, crazy, zainy, psycho, schitzo, Native and Mexican.
I invade with the best of them, me and my cousin in outerspace:.
Play with the mescaline, blaze for the weapons, raisin' the level.
But we bathe in the pestilence, stayed up and wrestled with.
Fadin' depression, hatred is nestled inside of the page that I'm sketchin' in.
Shit, y'all makin' it too easy now.
And even though I ride for my city, all you bleep me out.
Guess I'm okay with that though.

I'mma finesse my way in, sayin' they been prayin'.
Day in, day out, stay in, lay in the round devout.
Fade in, fade out, mentally... I am not there.
Walkin' down this Green Mile, they sent me to the hot chair.
Hopped in the hooptie, hit the block where we caught air.
?Cops? scared you in the docks ?lair?, but I'm 'bout to lose it.
Without this music we ain't nothin', homie, just loud and stupid.

Some raw flavor for the XEL fans.
I don't know how many are out there, but.
For everybody that's listenin', I'mma just keep doin' this shit.
Much appreciation!

