UV effect Lyrics
by Vivekverma.


No matter what for whoom m i prick to.
I love my city so hard and stick to.
Embrace it every moment and i get jinxed to.
Who?You who ruin it ,imma kick youu and prick too.

Yeah m back to start off to lay off in my way out.
See i ball like a desparado speak the fact off as lightning bolt' so stay out.
So turn up the volume i am gonna hit the ear lob.
In case m tryna smear yolk.
Fiddle around the streets with the hash or weeds.
And the pants hanging over them butts and creep.
And they got too much swank and walk and eve tease ,weird talk.
Like a motive swagger with the jagger , call em bragger.
But respect her when u step her.
They call me lazy , knuckle dragger.
But the pen swagger like dagger.
If anybody to give a succoor mucker.
Well i am back to yer face when ull pucker.
Them lips if she hoodwinked then awfully chuck her.
I make my adversary lyrically chopper.
Like in a slaugterhouse diabollically imma butcher.
Pscych them pedophile by floggin ,jerk him then arouse .dog him joggin.
Walkin ,takin found outta the akin then jack him and stephen hawkin.
Revere in the modern science but m stalkin in the music science hoppin.
Mad , i bet your can't what i can hoppin rockin.

This is the classic doon city and we hail from it.
The feelin we feel it get stuck in our mind that never omit.
People belong to this pristine ,the viscinity behold it.
,its the mainstream of us teen to warm it.
Xxxx22222xxxxx.

What if i could akin 3 am like shady and jeffrey dahmer.
Shit fallin on karma picked up a knife ,drove up a mile ,i ain't no lama.
See the statan dancing inside me and imma.
Be the man who could have cause this menacing drama.
But m lil calmer ,.
Marshall the diamond.
Taught me not to bully the environment.
Better stay cool away the irement.
Be yourself and try hand.
The way what you like find and.
The prowess before the time end.
Cus life is too short to worry about.
Let me do this rhyme end.

Stick a couple of phrase when i say UV demonic to amaze.
People wobble double lika a maniac and craze in daze.
Lookie lookie it is spooky.
When UV spit the rays , man i took it.
Loveship stunk it by now !its so craze.
Attack and jack em fag whack.
Zap around the neck ,neck ache.
They scream stop that ayyy.
But we are glad bad bad.
Now we need a flapjack hey shut the flat brag yeah.
Who woulda know that ill be back in yer ear ,pounding with the echo day in day.

This is the classic doon city and we hail from it.
The feelin we feel it get seal in our mind that never omit.
People belong to this pristine ,the viscinity behold it.
Its mainstream to us teen to warm it.
Xxxx22222xxxxx.

