Valkyrie Lyrics
by Bodi.

.
I was 8 years old when I first killed a man  .
It was either me or him with machete in my hand  .
I'd tell you more but you wouldn't understand  .
A grown man once a lost boy of Sudan  .
Who ran past the devil's lines drawn in the sand  .
And god never had a part in the plan  .
.Saw the sky fall on my own land  .
Never learned to crawl before I had to stand up and run  .
On horseback they came to my village  .
Killed dad, raped mom, looted and pillaged  .
Held a gun to my sister and said that they'd shoot  .
If I didn't join their cause as a troop, so  .
What could I do? I remained loyal  .
As we moved north where someone had oil  .
They kept saying that the enemy was them  .
Khartoum, UN, JEM, but  .
All I wanted to do was survive  .
And one day see my little sister's shining eyes  .
So I die on this side of the knife  .
And that's life…  .
  .
I am beautiful  .
I love you  .
I am beautiful  .
Uhuru   .
  .
Happy family, I remember my siblings and how we play  .
There was so much love til my daddy passed away  .
That's when mommy changed, sad mommy stayed  .
Crying all day, yelling with her voice raised  .
Drunk in a daze eyes glazed, lost in deep thought  .
Sold me to a strange man just to pay the lease off  .
Beaten and raped by any who payed the three bucks  .
They hurt me mommy, burnt me mommy, left me locked  .
Sold my body, lost my soul, forgot free thought  .
One after another, disease and suffering please god  .
Take this pain away, this is not the life I want  .
I'd rather die here than lie here with these Johns  .
My clothes tattered, my spirit broke shattered  .
No man alive can save me from what has happened  .
Police captains take no action  .
Pockets have been fattened, American greed has them  .
I miss you mommy  .
Will anyone ever love me again?  .
  .
Six months old in the slums of Kibera  .
But wait - let me paint it clearer  .
Millions like me living in tents  .
Paper bag bathrooms thrown across the fence  .
An orphan - both parents in the grave  .
Mom and dad both victims of AIDS  .
I never knew em but their blood is in me  .
Fate sewn closed spelled HIV  .
A woman with a heart as big as the ocean  .
And the sun took me in, made her house open  .
To me and thirty kids in the same position  .
Die to make a livin in the only conditions  .
We've ever known, never shown any sad tears  .
Truth is I'm thankful just to be here  .
Even if the odds are I won't make it  .
To 10, for granted, my time I'll never take it  .
And when the end comes with a smile and a nod  .
Is how I'll reunite with my parents and god  .
My name's Kefa, this is my story  .
You may forget me, but please don't ignore me.
.
