Verbs of Power Lyrics
by X-Clan.

Verbs of Power now here's the sum of another drum 
Now mortals aware now prepare for illogical son 
My Verbs of Power are the spiritual, spank 
My, deep, deep Blackness your mind gets dank 
Revelation to Genesis. Something
You cannot dismiss 
Keys to Crossroad. Come to abyss. 
And find a verb-stick swingin', while I'm livin' giving the rhythm 
Heed the word and the bass-drop given 
A funk down super sound lyrical visual 
Illogical wisdom forever, continual 
You're living simplistically yet speak of reality. 
Your, science, elementary - Dare speak. You can't get with me 
Look at the wax it's hieroglyphic. It'S actual fact 
I'm not reading and striving to wan na be Black 
Here's the move cause. I see, none 
I, never boast! I never brag. I get the job done. 
I'M, not the Buckley political, nor am I the physical 
The, rhythmical spiritual, the mystical magical 
Movement is circle, never 90 degrees of a square 
I'm. The gorilla robotics will run in a scare 
Just to find that the zero's, the ground 
Come into my temple, have a seat at the round. Feel the power 
 
Professor X, 
Brother Brother Brother, how you make'em get down 
Brother J 

It was the pimp that drove the mountainous elephant. 
It was ignorance that made this irrelevant 
I'm, not the pasta boy, I'm the African call me by name 
I'm, the original. I taught you to set up this game 
You silly, mortal keep on playing the Trump 
I think they're gon na have to get me 
From, stompin' and kickin' your rump 
Once. Again now it comes in the trend. 
I said Free, South Africa \-
you went to Berlin 
Now. There'S the problem, I stand firm beating my chest. 
You think a silly polar bear could ever put this to rest 
And. Yet they still will apologize. While I will epitomize 
Embrace, my children show them Creator's eyes, 
Onto the path of the mystical teaching, the math 
No more to suffer it's time for the wrath, 
Feel, the power 
 
On to the throne, the throne. I come forth. 
Weapon of our rule, the verbs of great Thoth 
Look at the sundial look at the child of man 
Where's the faith in the Spirit, the master plan 
Opportunity the spoils of religion of God-man 
Hero to rescue the drum jam, 
Fire, water, air and earth. I AM the fool 
Teaching power that I never could learn in school. 
I am the teacher from the far and beyond 
Turn an apple to a lotus turn a rib to a wand. 
To compare me or dare me, is foolish, it's more than a job. 
No entertainment, illogical, odd god, 
Has come straight from Amon-Tet with the herb dish 
Come with the Verb. Stick: the bag of the new tricks, 

That's, the power
 
