Verbal Milk Lyrics
by X-Clan.

Yeuch Brother J says yeuuch Hmmhmmhmmhmm.. 
 
Professor X, 
Ahhhh Straight from the temple of everlasting 
ME P.X.O. and the X-Clan 
Chillin cleaning, the pinkie 
Hey Brother J time for a ride, 
Put the key to the ignition and then.. 
 
Brother, J 
Ah. Yes, yes, blue, ah, come on to go 
We're immortals to the portals til. The book folds 
I'm goin Blackwards to the East, tweedle-dee tweedle-dum, 
Fee, fi, fum to the tribal drum drum 
I'm sittin on my temple, just pluckin, silly mortals, 
Speakin peace of mind. To my many sons and daughters 
Gettin loose loose as I release the juice 
I'm more into the cause, a simple Mother, Goose, 
Could, never hang with the words that ever caused the clamor 
I'm singin Raise the Flag cause. I hate the Spangled Banner 
Because. You can't get with me: you label me enemy, 
Your comments on the mortal side are labelled as blasphemy 
More than I am puts the taste in the dam 
Puts the X in the Clan that puts the brother on land 
It's like that y'all ya. Don'T stop 
Because! The sight of the Watch is sure to shock 
From the beginning 
From, the beginning. Is it winning? Is it ever 
Unearthly resistance forever? 
You? Think your thief based system is clever. 
It'S, a simplistic endeavor 
I checkmate terminate, never late contemplate. 
Mindstate is never fake hesitate. You lose 
No shoes ever do I kick around in boots. 
I simply drop the science that just speaks about the 
In, our nature's flavor, lacking from the coon 
Now our dream for the younger. When will the rover take reign? 
Is it a joke or something you can't cope with. 
Devils keep avoiding people keep on hopin 
For. The move and groove put your dead body in a soothin mood. 
Don'T need no air. No sex and no food 
The tool is mine to use Blackward row 
 
Professor X, 
Ahhhh.. riding the crossroad 
Brother J on the wheel, 
Sugar Shaft in the back with Queen Nefretiti 
Yo J, push it to the full nine 
And. Let'S move.. zoom 
, 
Brother, J, 
Day two-dark-zero-zero and it circles degree 
Brother. One makes up a system, bring oppressors to knees. 
I speak a language universal check on how I use it. 
Dwellers of this planet labelled it as music 
I come, and I go from where the land, where the milk flows 
Earthbound to mortals what they lack the Brother will know. 
I'M buildin temples made of MANY dimensions. 
Illogic and cosmic are not an extension 
Now. Many many gather - and they say Bro J 
