Vertigo Lyrics
by Quanche.


Money influenced, many been through it, plenty sense to it.
Get that stack rinse through it, get that back flex with it.
Cause you the next with it, ditch the next bittie, call your ex hit it argue.
when the sex finished.
Fuck ya I'm self proclaimed I expected this shit, looking slick grabbing my.
dick being profane.
I'm back on my uh happy as fuck gun in my jacket jack it and run.
I put my lighter up flamed out same route 90A, 512 tryna behave myself.
Keep my lighter up, they say its a hierarchy 'round here.
But, fuck that shit we scream anarchy out here.
Living wasn't easy breezy; cover-up the streezy back it out and squeeze it.
hoping that nobody sees me if they do I'm gone.
Envelope and stamp to reach me, I belong to that belief but see it's not so.
funny when you leaving home.
Leave it home, that's how they pick one up.
I ain't moving birds but I can flip one up.
Fuck you we are not the same my cloth is a different cut.
I was right all along, but that's what listening does.

I hold my head in my hands, look in my eyes.

They told me not to look down, am I really that high?

Couldn't quite get her, always had it in sight never pulled the trigger.

Crumpled dreams in the streets littered sweet bitter moments, no regard for.
atonement is there?
Uh, uh... I figured.
Looking at it play out on a white sheet.
Projections of profit they're offering what it might be.
My bros sitting down, me I'm tripping out, hearing voices other-worldly.
different sounds.
This is now that was then it's nothing that it hasn't been all these.
fabrications they have no clue what the fabric is.
You reap what you sow I hope you know, every stitch.
A tailor-made reality, how's it fit?
Hold my lighter up.
Fire eyes, dire life, living on expired time, losing my head but I don't mind.
Keep my lighter up.
This heat above me love me my head is hotter than Chung-Li my competition.
redundant.
As soon as you leaving home, that's when they switchin' up.
I ain't moving birds, but I can flip one up.
Fuck you we are not the same my cloth is a different cut.
I was right all along, but that's what listening does.

I hold my head in my hands, look in my eyes.

They told me not to look down, am I really that high?

