Waiting For Acceptance Lyrics
by Unnamed.


I keep on knocking, but there's no one there to answer 
I'd open the door myself, but I'm still hesitant to enter 
Is the money and the fame all a part of the game. 
Will my life be the same. No everything will change 
And. I say I'm me, I'm raw, but I'd still change. 
They, say money, isn't everything, but I still want it. 
I'M a hypocrite probably get gone, quick, 
My, 15 minutes is it then I'm dead. I don't even get visits 
Then. What Back to where I am now 
Videos? Getting 20 views and I'm like “Wow 
I, can't wait to show my friends they'll, be so proud, 
I'm, just one more step away from a sell-out crowd, ” 
But the reality. Is I'm not wanted in this biz 
I? Don'T wear big chains or have diamonds on my wrist 
And, I ain't gon na hide it. The shit gets me pissed 
But. Who cares if it gets me, pissed 
Who cares. If I exist 
How should I do it Cordless phone in the bath 
Throw, my body into moving traff- 
Icarus, better, not fly close to me, 
Fuck, his wings, I'll burn him and his family 
Just to prove how hot Unnamed would be 
I'm above this industry 
Fuck the Clown talk the only time I'd kill myself 
Is. If rap went to hell or got put on the shelf, 
‘Cause I'll, never quit. I will win 
Even if it means I'm always grinding. 
I'Ll rise up, I'm the one 
Like, the client of Paul Heyman, 
Fuck, a winning streak, I'll conquer it 
The game, I'm on top of it, 
And, don't fight it, there's! No, stopping it. 
You ain't got a spot ‘cause. I just parked in it. 
All you fucking rappers. Do is talk about drugs 
How. You grew up in a place where people get mugged 
How. You have always been a real life. Thug 
It's, a shame that no one gives a fuck 
Yeah. I'Ve smoked weed too bro. It'S nothing to brag about 
You, just smoke. It zone out and laugh throughout 
And people get mugged where I live too 
I know a guy who got stabbed over 10 pounds. It'S true 
Why, the fuck. Would you want to brag about something like that? 
Knowing, a Mother might lose her child because of another's act. 
Fuck being a thug being real is what matters 
Being. A thug ain't shit, it's as fake as wrestling matches. 
I'M. Putting these phonies to sleep. They'Re gon na need a mattress 
I'm pulling you down. You better hope, someone catches 
I'm, not sorry! If I offend, I scream fuck you, but that's just me 
Hate me all you want I'm not everyone's cup of tea. 

Remember me fuck Unnamed.. My name is Ste 
I. Don'T know why I say sick things blame the adolescence 
When I finally break in you will all feel my presence 
One day I'll, be the King and you will all be my peasants 
But until then, I'm sitting here waiting for acceptance
 
