Wake Up Show Anthem (1994) Lyrics
by Sway & King Tech.


Oh-oh-oh I'm coolin' with my niggas on the Wake up Show-oh-oh.
We kick a little something for the radio-oh-oh.

Check it, bust it.
Tune it up it's the corrupt novelist, Nas.
Involved in this liveness radio waves.
Slaves thrive inside of this.
Wake Up Show flow, hip-hop's alarm clock, the bomb spot.
Mellow with ganja, that makes my eyes turn yellow.
Seat reclined on my leather sofa.
However close to Na- be I'm Joe Quicks.
King Tech I could just see 'em on the one and two son.
My blunted crew pour the rum.
92.3, number one in the slum.
Representin' DJ's.
Sway's the host, see police the most.
What a collaboration see I'm comatose.
No pork just knowledge and I'm born once more.
It's the beat that blesses the street deep in the 9-4.

Hip-hops last prophet henceforth in excistence.
The 92.3 megahertz will exert radio waves.
The slaves for a phenomenal distance.
Electrons appear to slice through jeeps that you can hear some.
Slum that it will chunk consider it will numb your eardrum.
Kid, you sleepin' like a Latter Day Saint.
With Sway &amp; King Tech gon' wake you up on a saturday.
9 to 12 verbal junkies overdose.
And Joe Quicks will get you fixed to the mix.
And then I'm ghost win.

In your sleep I slap you with a lethal doses of medicine.
So Wake Up with Organizin' the bretherin.
King Tech, Joe Quiks better than your last fix.
Severing wackness with Sway the host dumps a fat mix.
Baby doll is frontin' so saturday night's open.
Hoppin' on the one on one, times scope.
And 92.3 degree is chokin' on chocolate.
And from thou smokin' Prince Po'.
Blows up from LA to Lobokin and I'm out.

Yo it's the Wake Up Show.
My genetic make up take up.
One hundred and thirty pounds of beef.
But my lyrics shake up, like January 17th.
Cause all the 16th MC's fossils.
Protect ya neck and wear a bulletproof vest on ya tonsils.
Amateurs bandage ya cornea.
Cause you don't wanna see California.
Get C-arson and spittin arsenic.
With Sway Tech and Joe Quicks on the mix.
Spinal meningitis ain't as stiff as the riff.
Of Ras Kass, styles last like Jason crackers with whips.
Come equipped you're losin' your paraphernalia.
I'm a hip hop apostle.
Sing in the gospel like Mehailja, Jackson.
It's saturday nine until the break of dawn.
Put cocaine on my tongue.
You got crack now rock on *echo*.

Oh-oh-oh I'm coolin' with my niggas on the Wake up Show-oh-oh.
We kick a little something for the radio-oh-oh.

Saturday night get live set it off.
Right swing with my peeps.
King Tech yo pass the mic and turn her up.
Yeahyeahyeah it's peen kablow Dred Scott it's.
Nine o clock, time for the Wake Up Show.
To the breaker you think I'mma say dawn.
But I say, day, cause it rhymes with Sway.
My word is bond I'm on the scene.
Plottin out the mainstream doin.
Them right, with Joe Quicks on the mix.
Late in the night so tune in.
Cause the crew don't sleep.
Boomin in ya Jeep on 92.3.

It's 9 o'clock PM, 92.3 the Beat begins.
To rock hip-hop non-stop, you know who got the props.
In L.A. on saturdays, Tech and Sway no doubt.

Set your clocks for the unorthodox hip-hop that drops.
Nine to midnight King Tech and Sway yo those kids is tight.

With the purpose of droppin curses like a triple six.
Fat snares and dirty kicks to get ya open.
From Watts to Oakland it's that raw {shit} that start provokin.
Smokin, word's precise like a laser, cross roads in the Wake Up Show.
We'll get your party shakin like a pager on silent mode, yeahha.
Nine to twelve saturday night fool, peep the episode.

Wake Up, Show, and you can tell.
I'm not spittin it in no muffled style.
No silent screams just weddings, rings.
To swings and Sway Techs King, Tech-.
-nique and I'm building in a little agility from Joe Quicks.
Hey Jay-Z in the eyes.
It's seen only on the bottom of water risin.
We're takin groups.
Put it on 92.3 while your beatin boops, oops.
I mean coops bumpin in to mission on the twine.
Swoop saturday between nine and twelve I'm delvin.
We're well tuned in to the pattern of the year.
Here on 92.3 times me.
Bo junks young ricks are bolders.
That are only soldiers are connected to Wake Up Show.
Ya right.

Oh-oh-oh I'm coolin' with my niggas on the Wake up Show-oh-oh.
We kick a little something for the radio-oh-oh.

