Walk It Out (Remix) Lyrics
by UNK.

Refrain: Unk 
Now, walk it out; 
Westside, walk it out; 
Southside, walk it out; 
Eastside, walk it out; 
Northside walk it out; 
 
Big Oomp Records we back at it again: baby 
DJ Montay on the track. This, the remix Jim Jones, 
Andre, three stacks Daddy
Fatsacks, this your boy, Unk 
Remix, 
, 
Walk it out like an usher. 
If, you say real talk. I probably won't trust ya 
If. You want to go to war. The gun's my pleasure, 
Even Jesus had twelve disciples on the lever trigger whatever 
Pyong you don't want. Nan day of
three thou' 
I'm like jury duty, you're, new to
this, part of town, 
Your white tee. Well to me: look like a nightgown 
Make, your Momma, proud. Take that thing. Two sizes down 
Then you'll, look like the man that you are or what you could be 
I. Can I give a damn bout, your car 
but? Then I would be 
If. It was considered a classic before the drastic change 
In production, when cars were metal instead of plastic. 
Value is what I'm talkin bout. Take two of these and walk it out. 
You'Ll, be the reason they chalk it out. You can't be the king in the parking lot. 
Forever not saying I'm the best
but til, they find something better. 
I am here, no fear write me a letter. Til then 
I walk it out. I walk it out. I walk it out. I walk it out. 
I walk it out. I walk it out. I walk it out. 
I Westside, walk it ow-out. I Westside walk it. Ow-Out 
I Westside, walk it ow-out, then Eastside walk it ow-out, 
 
I walked it out the bank with a lot of zeros 
That's. What my teachers called me 
predictions, like they Cleo 
So. I do my dance for'em, then make'bout. Forty thousand 
I do that in a month I'm on resorts and islands 
I make them walk it out. Yeah. It'S me again: 
But, I'm with Jones, Daddy Fatsacks and Benjamin 
I roll with made men that brake the stage in 
And. Keep the girls happy so y'all can get the nappy 
Gangsters they do they dance they do it to my song 
See. I was up in Cali Crip-walkin' it all night long, 
Drop, twenty on my neck got ten
on my wrist 
A billion dollar. Look: a million dollar kiss 
I'm nationwide homey you still at home, homey 
With, no promotions on me, man, that's bologna, homey, 
The, album off in stores, I'm Beat'n Down; Yo Block 
Now'gwan and walk it out. They still on my jock 
 
Refrain 
 
Jones. It'S DipSet Byrd Gang 
Now come holla at me. You know how we get it out here. 
Eastside, walk it out, Bronx, walk it out; 
Queens, walk it out. You know, Brooklyn, walk it out, 
Now Harlem, walk it out; Harlem walk it out; 
Harlem, walk it out. Harlem walk shit out, balling 
Now. We don't walk it out. We drop-top Porsche it out, 
I hopped out floss it out. I bring my Air Forces out. 
I'M blowing purple smoke, I cough it out ball it up. Then ball it out. 
Tap the bottle, pour it out. Balling 
Now do the fade-away and throw some paper-way 
And. We can skate away, tell the office I'll be late. Today, 
Ho, I can thug it out or starstud it out. 
I take a trip with my bitch and Louis luggage out 
I'm, talking Magic City or even Body Tap 
You know that money ain't a thing we throwing thousand stacks 
Ho yeah. We toss it out. You know I'm talking bout, 
When cap'n status in da house. You know New York is out 
 
Refrain 
 
I, walk it out like that last shot. Of'Gnac at the club 
Cause. The package store was closed and I'm attached to my buzz 
Been slamming Cadillac doors. You know what it was: cause: 
Stay, jamming everything, platinum check, the status cause 
Boy, I side brimming with diamonds, but that don't mean shit 
Designing fly-rhyme patterns. Since I was seventeen kid 

She said nothing, but king shit all day and they be bi-tches 
It's like I'm at the dentist cause, everybody got crowns, 
I'll change to ace of spades, cutthroats and won't bow down. 
Not a king, queen or jack fade. This come clean son 
Swing from my sack like my babies. 
Acting like you, crazy, Daddy Fat, don't like that misbehaving, 
A-Town's up and deuces down and
something else that be created. 
Tell Oomp get the doomp clear, the booth, it's now official 
Dropping bombs like a North Korean nuclear missile
, 
