Walk Away Lyrics
by Da 5 Footaz.


Walk away, walk away, why would I 
I got too much love for my brother in the hood I 
Got to maintain life is just a grain of salt 
There's, so much pain without thought. 
, 
Jah Skills, 
Street life got me twisted in the brain. 
No pain, no gain ya must go insane, 
Just. Try to and thank everybody for someone else 
But. All I can do is feel and just protect myself 
He's, not good for my health, I'm sure absolutely like back up 
You back up and give me space or get your ass erased. 
From the place of the rhyme, the scene of the crime, 
You biting and me igniting blowing up your mind. 
All things are altered, including navigation 
As. I take a puff and begin the elevation, 
I sort through afro-braids and nappy kinks 
No time for petty leaks. My lineup 
The timespan dont push me man 
I'm on the brink on the edge might sink, can't think 
Constantly, I'm blinking lights, fill my dome 
Offers still on the road to nowhere. 
Spray you like. Why would I walk away? How could I 
Lose a tooth? The youth has got you spooked boo, 
, 
, x2 
Walk away, walk away. Why would I 
I got too much love for my brother in the hood I 
Got to maintain life is just a grain of salt, 
There's, so much pain without thought. 
 
Neb Luv/Jah Skills, 
Dig deep into the brain of a rapper, its snaps ya, 
Captures. The momentum like polaroid, put a void, 
On cannon blood, cuz thats thicker than water thats, a fact. 
Sit back to the rack, like Warren G to the track, 
I'm tigher than a brand new born female 
Get down get down. When I rock, I make your T-Cells 
Dwell in a cell deep down in a ditch, 
Below the dirt beneath the earth. You cannot vision this 
In, my world funky MCs rock the mic 
In my world, I clench onto the steel tight 
In, my world. We go out searching for cops 
In, my world, its strictly hip hop on my block, 
 
, x2 
Walk away, walk away. Why would I 
I got too much love for my brother in the hood I 
Got to maintain life is just a grain of salt, 
There's, so much pain without thought. 
 
Neb, Luv, 
I'm faded glad I made it without a doubt. 
Niggas is trippin and actin shady. So I'll be out 
The closet, like kiminos. Oh no, that dont be me. 
Be bead on juicy see I'm rollin 5 foot 3 
Now. Lately I've been on some type of bowl of the ciphers 
Niggas. They always wan na be startin somethin like Michael 
Not, Roddy plus. I pack my pipe like Rowdy Roddy Piper 
I land like Riker's, to break apart deciphers 
Its, all up in my mind, pre-meditated this rhyme 
Stated that you was dope, you lied and now I hate it. 
Cremated, your remians with rhymes, simple and plain 
Refrain from stayin sane blaze up the you know, 
What. I need to calm down my condition: 
You best, a cool it now, like New Edition 
And get this lesson. You'Ve been hittin on that stress again, 
Revive themselves and comprehend. The message that I'm trying to send 
Cuz ain't no need for the greed there's enough to go around 
From L.A. all the way up to the boogie down. 
Frown no need Jah Skills hit. The beat 
Lets have this feist. Now you may retreat in peace, 
 
 x4 
Walk away, walk away. Why would I 
I got too much love for my brother in the hood I 
Got to maintain life is just a grain of salt 
There's, so much pain without thought
 
