Wanted Lyrics
by Zoetic.


Might pull up in that buick.
You never thought but you knew it.
Yo bitch got shot by cupid, she be beggin for my body fluids.
I can body music, like nike do it, i be penny pinching like im fuckin jewish.
Im the t-r-u est in the streets, never know when i might go in on the beat,.
haters want beef then i reach under the seat.
Pullin out the fully auto leave em shredded like wheat.
On my two feet you on yo tippytoes.
Sex for free i never tip these hoes.
And when im on the road, killin all these shows, i got a bad bitch, takin off.
all her clothes.
Poppin bottles we be gettin throwed.
Never know where i might go.

Ecstasy, shrooms, weed and crack.
Lemme crack yo back you feel the acid attack, im a chiroprac the way i.
practice my craft.
I be usin up all the bank drafts.
Depositin, the cash and then i laugh.
As i walk out the bank cause my money sittin higher than a damn giraffe, thats.
a damn fact, there ain't no gas, so pump ya brakes.
They all got the shakes, see other rappers fallin off like skin flakes.
Im finna make it big wit this new mixtape, cause im too great.
You too poor, im contour.
Whats ya top 5? Im beyond yours.
You woke a monstor, came to conquor, so tell me? Do you want an encore?

Is this the style that you wanted?
Name any flow and i'm on it.
They fallin' off cause they daunted.
You can't come in this house cause its haunted.
Always on the run, witmy gun, if you want some come and get me cause i'm.
wanted.
Wanted come and get me cause i'm wanted.

Im gettin fired up like a new lighter.
Its the underdog underground fighter.
Under this beat i let it ride me.
Givin back spasms when im sliding.
So dont try me, cuz im grimy, the best local rapper thats rhyming under the.
radar, you can't find me.
Flow so hard, perfect timing.
Fuck the mainstream, im on my own team, make my own green, smoke my own weed,.
sip my own lean, no one intervenes, cause the industry, got you on a string,.
theyre distracting you, with these fancy things, and this shiny bling.
Ja-Jappetos they be puppeting.
Ya eyes filled wit fear.
Never know when im creepin near.
Girls fall in love then i disappear.
Walk out the door i dont shed a tear.
This a career, on my new shit, check the blueprint, i started from the bottom.
and now im.. Grr.
Ain't no one wit me at the fuckin top.
But once youre there they all on ya jock.
Talkin like they ya best bud and you owe em somethin that shits sus.
You get crushed if you dont put trust in the rapper thats doin stuff.
Take adrenaline, just to feel the rush.
Then i cut em up, they all sectioned up, gettin sliced up like cold cuts.
Time to go nuts, hop in the porsche then roll up, hold my phone up, takin a.
selfie then imma goner.
Catch a body if you wanna come ride wit the soldiers.
Slung over my shoulder this chopper big as a boulder.
Shawty beggin for my boner muthafucker imma own her! Oh ah! Bangin in the.
bathroom.
Back of acura from the back i be attakin her, sinkin my teeth like dracula got.
the craziest vernacular, what the hell you think im rappin for? Im.
spectacular, vamanos, gotta shake it up and get a different flow makin it slow.
For the hoes, rippin off their clothes, if you thought i wasn't choppin know i.
bet the haters know, watch out for the po po.
Time to bounce like pogo.
Mastered bein a mogul.
Hungry for these beats eatin these rappers till im full full.

Said im the one who's chosen.
Swingin swords like i was conan.
Lyrics flowing like the ocean.
Leave you frozen of commotion.
Mixin up a potent potion.
You feel it in your abdomen.
Knockin out all my opponents.
So blocka! What gun you totin.
Who shot cha? Went postal on the postman importing in poetry.
Please name me another rapping that doing it better locally.
No salty sultry could geometrical match my potency.
Commodities move like sharks chasing prey i smile, show my teeth.
Damnit why'd you have to go and free this beast, i'm in this beat.
Like drugs in street, i came up from the underground.
Ridin round, my hometown, everybody hear that sound.
Money counter soundin like a dirtbike, im so ripe.
Went a little left so now the haters see im always right.
Since the day that i turned 15 i had Choice to spit 16's.
Now i'm licensed to kill like i took my test at 17.
Severing, their heads then i eighteens replacing.
Their soul wit the rest like a nineteen, its frightening.
Now im boutta turn 20 and im still feelin so young.
Just wait until next year imma be the twenty one.
Never know when im gon stop.
I just might pop like rocks to the top.
Hear the drop you hop for the flop.
See the crooked cops, they be eyein up my crops so i opt for the chop time to.
open up shop.
BLAHH!

