Wasted Part 2 Lyrics
by Twiztid.


The party: don't stop 
Light it up drink it up. 
Whatever it takes for you to get fucked up. 
Here we go. We got a gang of'em, 
Wasted Part 2 
 
I got Ouzo Gin, Henny, Goose, 
Ciroc and Crown Royal up in the vocal booth 
Shot after shot, and I'm passing the whiskey flash 
Pour the splash on the ground for sobriety yo its passed 
And. I'M turned up like volume 
Bangin' up in this bitch 
Real players throw your chips; 
Ain't; no splitting, no bottles, shit, 
Got, the Cognac, Gravol Remmy and Patron 
We all spending the night ain't. Nobody makin' it home 
Even the designated driver, drunk pukin' passin' out 
Fuck it we walk to the liquor store to cop another round. 
You it ain't no party like a Twiztid thrown down 
With liquor and weed everywhere. You know it's finna go down: 
 
Wasted 
I'm, just gettin' fucked up 
Got some drink in my cup and I'm'bout to turn up 
Wasted 
And light. The joint now cause we fin' to smoke out 
I'mma, never turn down. 
 
I'm, like boomshaka 
Gettin' high with Chewbacca 
Beefin', with Luke's father 
Cause. I smoke the Skywalker 
Higher, then aliens joyriding in flying saucer 
Feeling it in my shins to the top of my oblongata 
I'm smoking out on a lotta 
Marijuana and now I feel, like I better go outta 
Whoever house that it is that I'm standing inside of 
 Got ta be going outta his mind, cause I vomited on his carpet 
Can't think of how it started, but I smoked myself retarded 
And I'd. Do it all again. I wouldn't change a thing regardless 
Floatin' by like a comet chronic. You know I got it 
So. Let everybody know: there's a party at my apartment, 
 
Call me Indiana cause I'm Jonesin' for another drink, 
St-stuttering off “stutter home”. I don't care what my mother thinks: 
99 bottles of beer on the wall, 
take one down, I'm on the brink, 
Of spewing alcohol. From out my jaw into the sink 
This, isn't me: I can't believe I'm doing this 
I had high hopes an image, but Twiztid gon na make me ruin it 
I'm new at this now I'm getting shots like flu season, 
My reason to sooth demons 
Where's my head. I think I'm losing it 
My brain's stolen. So please hit me if you find it 
Cause. I know I'm hella Polish, but I'm drinking like I'm Irish 
When. I wake up in the morning I'll be hungover and really broke. 
I'M, seeing crooked, like looking at Owen, Wilson's nose, 
 
Doing, nothing just sipping, bitch 
Goose, real fast till your turned up in the dark 
Do, something real bad till you're, K-O-O-P-S-T-A, 
Get, fucked up white boy wasted every fuckin' day, 
My sizzler, my liquor, that white stuff is Contagious 
Lower me if you seein' this clear, no puff 
Get bucked down'fore fool pulled out bust 
Bitch, nigga weed, don't get me high! 
Anytime till the fuckin' sun rise, 
 
Here for Pall Mall and some good haze 
And. I'M turned up nigga nigga, everyday 
Yes, I'm so high. Yes, I'm so high 
And I smoke weed nigga till the day I die 
Tear the club up, tear the club up. 
Let me see you tear the motherfuckin' club up 
Better, yet bruh better, yet bruh 
Let's roll. These motherfuckin' blunts up 
 
I'm a tiss, get a task, get a green and purple basket. 
Get Twiztid, like a motherfucker 
smoking on some cabbage 
Never, had a problem smoking loud. I do this 
White boys fuckin' with me put'em on that bullshit 
Tricked out weed grinder bad bitch behind her 
Puttin' on for my city, I'm the headliner 
This shit cost money pay for it dope as fuck 
Every city every night and I'm looking for the bud. 
 
Walk up in the room with a party pack on me, homie 
Got green got white got purp on me. 
Every motherfuckin' color in the rainbow 
Sissy white girl, pussy wetter than a raincoat 
She got a deep throat. I got a deep hole: 
Pussy warmer than a fuckin' baked potato 
We on that evil, shit I'll break your fuckin' halo, 
It's Da Mafia and Twiztid bitch lay low 
 
Gettin' toxic wasted. When I drop it, I rock the pavement 
Shit somebody shoulda locked, the basement, 
On the loose pour another shot of vodka. Take it 
Till. I need a new liver. Please doc, replace it 
Live with no rules. Why y'all play it so cool 
I be streaking down the street like Will Ferrell in Old School 
Fuckin' O'dules bitch. My belly is a brewery 
Been drinking since, before I hit puberty, this ain't new to me, 
Sippin' till I spit up vomit in the tip cup. 
And stumble out the club mumblin' in between my hiccups. 
So, try to understand me. 
My alcoholic tendencies tend to be causing blackouts like hurricane Sandy, 
 
, Kung, Fu, Vampire 
You got me Twiztid to give a dab, is terrific 
I be lifted and plastered off eric and bass'. My air remains specific 
My perspective fuck, you buzzkill. When I'm wasted 
Fuck pacin'. I'M chasin' every bad memory to erase it 
My brain isolates. I'M concentrates and Jameson 
With a Crown Royal reserve starting to hear reverb 
Pardon me, I'm carding every girl at the party 
That, I'm hardly embarking, so I'm not marching at the wrong target. 
I'M the martian. That'S artistic 
I'm, an arsonist rock star, double fisted 
With, a black Irish car bomb and a back bar 
Throwing fireballs at you. We hire ya'll come kicks it 
We, Kung, Fu, Vampire and Twiztid 
 
 R.A., The Rugged Man 

Coke sluts sniffed up with a nostril like a vacuum, 
Naked chicks with tracks on their arms. These heroin, hoes 
If it bleeds. We can kill it like the line from Predator goes 
The way. My vocals get these bitches drippin' and turned on 
They can take their drawers off and water the front lawn 
Spittin' at the popo white
snow hoes sniffin' blow 

It's a no go glide a bolo blow wreckin'. Your jaw 
Blood sport, bolo weapon of war, I'm an arm throw 
A grown man. Why? I resort to these childish antics. 
I get these pill. Poppin' parents panickin' poppin'. They xanax 
Speed up, I'm beggin' for the bullets. 
You'Re barkin'. I get you bitin' the barrel and bustin' 
Dipping and diving and ducking 
Hittin' the trigger, like a percussion, put a slug in your gut 
And slow down liquid adrenaline outta, the shot glass 
You suckas will not last you're fucking with God's trash 
Come on 
 
