Watch Me Rise Lyrics
by Ry.


I'm chasing dreams, is that a crime?
Missed out on yours, I'm getting mine.
Sorry bra, you had your time.
You kept me down, now watch me rise.
Another kid from Melbourne, now gimme the crown.
I'm, not stepping aside.
Never, I got too much pride, yeah.
Now Roger that, and take a note.
I'm on a high, let's stay afloat.
Teachers said, that I wouldn't amount to squat.
Now I take shots from a mountain top.
To performing in any Jordan that I want.
Electric shock, your shit is toast.
I heard your song, that's shits a joke.
I know it's ignorant, that's nothing new.
But I ain't listening, cos they ain't have a clue.
And if took advice from dudes.
I wouldn't be just where I'm at.
I guess that really sucks for you.

And so you Watch Me Rise.
And try to drag me down.
'Cos you attempted to fly.
You fell to the ground.
So fuck you.
'Cos I'mma be out.
I see the tears in your eyes.
You better Watch Me Rise.
Just Watch Me Rise.
Just Watch Me Rise.

Better write this down, underline it thrice.
I shall be a legend every second is more time to rise.
And I'm self raising I raised my fuckin' self from the dirt up.
Without help, like a zombie outa the grave and now its murder.
No I ain't heard your rhyme motherfucker hand me a lime I'm out here killing.
Fertilizer in my car and they say I'm on drugs I'm out here dealing.
Found your villain I'll be the vampire for you, I'll play the bad guy role.
'Cos I'm anti Y'all and I say a lot of shit, mean every bit, I stand by it all.
Yeah I snapped on this one, didn't you listen? Yeah I went and hit 'em till a.
black eye swole.
And by gosh I'm serious said I'd appear and sap thy souls.
Pray to the lord if you're real come around here and grant my wish.
But I'm already there with a full head of hair a few good friends and I love.
my bitch.
But I wonder if this rise continues, one day i'll make enough to live.
'Cos one of us kids gonna be the man, I think I might be the one who is.
In the meantime watch me rise, through foggy eyes.
While you cry I don't deserve it but these fans are goin' decide.

I'm out my mind, buy a clue.
Maybe a trip to the past, sip on the fountain of youth.
Let me save you time, you slipped, and... its evident too.
Now taste these bars, then wash it down with the truth.
Now these tables turn.
Told me to crash and burn.
I ain't hurt, the old me wouldn't have thought.
Before I reacted first.
Now I'm calm, slow it down.
Sip the red, left to drown.
Resurrect, back around.
Go and pray, to see me shelved.
Dust it off.
Like the chip on your shoulder, or should I say chips?
Damn, here's some dip and a cold one, shit.
Enjoy the show, few of us live.
That's like Hell yeah, fucking right.
Take care playing in my ride.
By myself, I'm alright.
My darkest part, now gone for life.
My homeboys Mike, and I'm cool with Pippen.
To the top, there ain't no limit.
Now you and I are the opposite of me and AllDeez, man.
We ain't just chillin'.
Now it's your turn, to be judged.
Now sit and learn, as I rise above.

Peace.

