We Were Kings Lyrics
by Uno Hype.


Ay yo Black Diamond.
Sometimes it take that soul to get this shit up out a nigga, you know what I'm.
sayin?
But I'mma let em know.
No love.

Hassani Kwess.
If these hoes wanna choose, let em choose then.
Dimes ain't shakin with squares, fuck you been?
And I'm in the club tryin to find a new friend.
Never chase my vodka with juice, it's too thin.

I know you feel me if you do liquor.
Hard times and the brew get me through quicker.
But you gotta know your place when you play your part.
Cause thats why OG's ain't fuckin with them new niggas.

Listen to me, I got a dream and I scheme up a storm on my block.
I wind up green, fiends won't crack what I rock.
On the block I'm from, they ain't got the talent I got.
I nut up, take off the vest, when life shoots me, my shot.

I already got a burden, and it's called the struggle.
When you're rich, it's rap, when you're broke, it's called a hustle.
And the doubt that you won't make it out is called a muzzle.
And what the weak call pain, I call it muscle.

And I work it out.
It hurts sometimes, but damn life is worth it now.

And I'm tryin to fill the void like a hole in me.
While my damn demons tryin to keep the hole empty.
I'm tryin to live it but the pessimism holdin me.
If I see him, I keep going, it's the soul in me.

Let him know a nigga breathe, I swear to god.
I'mma rob cats if I don't get a better job.
But that ain't in me, so I'm drivin with the tank empty.
I better ball, so I rhyme and stay Kwess for y'all.

I'mma let it off, I'mma let it off.
So I rhyme and stay Kwess for y'all.
I'mma let it off.

You don't know what you had.
But you're gonna find I ain't so bad.
When I'm gone and you're alone.
No one to give it to you.

Cause now I know where it's at.
That's right I'm wrong.
It's such a drag that.
The bitch is back.
But not for long.

Uno Hype.
The way I see the game, damn homie it's so fucked up.
Sayin that I looked up, I climbed up the ladder.
Now I'm at the top like what's up.
Nothin comin away of it, except homie that wanna hate on me, but that's a.
given.

Tell the world to wait on me if this ain't what they feelin.
Until then, I'm grindin with the same clique, I be on the same shit.
No respect to them lames you be hanging with, got everybody bangin this.
Homie double teamin so I'm droppin this, dip it like Stojaković.

Tell everybody watch this shit, I'm about to drop 30 on you niggas.
Goin for the gold, James Worthy.
on you niggas.
Blowin eights of purp, I'm like Kobe on you niggas.
The color gettin darker on the pictures.

Standin in the room while the lights keep flickin.
Time still passin, blunts still ashin.
Young Uno used to be ashin, fuck all the chicks that pass him.
Tell em to keep it classy, nigga.

Sittin' there your little throne.
The queen of right got no king of wrong.
To bring it on you play on.
Go find someone else.

You never felt this before.
But I don't feel the same anymore.
Cause I don't need this shit goin' on.

