Wear My Hat REMIX Lyrics
by Tyler Tracey.


I use to tell her keep her hands off my hat.
Now I think she got it like that.
I use to tell her keep her hands off my hat.
Damn, I think she got it like that.

Girl, you can wear my hat.
Just make sure you give it back.
Baby, you can wear my hat.
If you got something to match.

I use to tell my homies no girl could ever wear my hat.
But then she came in and think she got it like that.
I got her out of her clothes but we added my snapback.
Now she acting like an animal, bareback.
The type of chick to sing along with all of my tracks.
Give me something that these other bitches lack.
Because I don't just let no hoes take my hat.
Snatch it off your head and take it back.
She a lady in the streets but a freak when it's time.
The type of woman to help me write a line.
She always up front, never a hidden sign.
She keep her looks fresh so she always on my mind.

Call me up from a hotel room at six.
Said she got a scratch that only I can itch.
Type of girl who don't care if I make it rich.
As long as she can wear my hat during sex.
She like the heavy bass to help rattle her up.
Not a stranger to not giving a fuck.
Only pink is when she spill her cup.
And that's not the only lollipop she knows how to suck.
She knows Eminem isn't the only white boy of rap.
That's why I can explore her body like a map.
Stay up late to help me down a night cap.
Keeps me awake during our afternoon nap.

This girl to Rock &amp; Roll for society.
When she roll with me all the guys be eyeing me.
Trying to take her but she rolling my way.
Think she looks perfect then she grab my hat like hey.
Beats By Dre acting like her necklace.
2Pac shirt to cover up the rest.
But nothing is better than that snapback.
Because it's the only thing she wearing in that last text.

Yo, yo does anyone know where that girl went?....
No, no she's still got my hat…
Yo like… I have no… She just took it and…
I have no idea where she went…
Naw, I haven't seen her. Have you?…
No, man. Like, I have no idea…
No, I don't know her number…
Fuck, I don't even know her name....

