Week 13 reading journal Lyrics
by Ryan Anthony G..

11/4.
Police and fire officials in Indianapolis say one person has been killed and.
several others injured after a crash involving a church van filled with.
passengers.Police Lt. Christopher Bailey says the driver of the van was.
pronounced dead at the scene Sunday night.Bailey says 11 passengers sustained.
minor injuries requiring hospital treatment. He says a 7-year-old girl was.
transported in serious condition, but her injuries do not appear life-.
threatening.
11/5.
The gunman who opened fire inside a sprawling New Jersey mall was found dead.
inside the mall early this morning with a self-inflicted gunshot wound,.
authorities said. Authorities identified the suspect as Richard Shoop, 20, of.
Teaneck, N.J., and said his body was found in a back area of the mall around.
3:20 a.m.Police are still sweeping the 2.2-million-square-foot building in.
Paramus to make sure all shoppers and employees evacuated. About 400 people.
were still inside the mall when police ordered a lockdown of the entire.
building.
11/6.
A 23-year-old poker pro from Michigan won the World Series of Poker main event.
late Tuesday, claiming the $8.4 million title after pushing past his last.
opponent in a brief, dramatic match.Ryan Riess started out behind on Tuesday,.
but used cleverly varied play to seize and maintain a lead amid the.
unpredictability of no-limit Texas Hold 'em.
11/7.
Gunfire broke out Wednesday evening at a Detroit barbershop known for gambling.
activity, leaving at least two men dead, police say.The shootings happened.
about 6 p.m. at Al's Barber Shop, said police spokeswoman Kelly Miner. She.
said nine men were shot and two of them were confirmed dead.
11/8.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Friday that he utterly.
rejects the emerging nuclear deal between western powers and Iran, calling it.
a bad deal and promising that Israel will do everything it needs to do to.
defend itself.Israel believes Iran is trying to develop a nuclear weapon, and.
says international pressure should be stepped up, not eased, in order to force.

attack Iran, unilaterally if necessary, if he concludes that diplomatic.
pressure on Iran has failed.

