Welcome to the DC Lyrics
by Wonderstarz.


Crazy... Wonderstarz... Hah!

I'm a crazy anti-racist, feminist, narcissist.
Deliver tough lyrics to me?
Imma be #bitchplease.
Takin' orders from no one - I'm Edward Teach.
These motherfuckers don't know what's cookin' in my lab.
The experimental rappers grab.
You can grab my crotch and suck it haters!
Yeah, it's fab.
Call me daisies but I'm blessin' this world.
By stayin' in it.
It's nothin' definitive.
By the time I end this rhyme, this whole world'll be finished!

Annihilation o' mah enemies!
True nigga- buyin' dope shit with real Gs.
Others agree?
I'll burn ya ass to 666 degrees.
I got expertise- the motherfuckin' rap Hercules.
Too sick and tired of my foes idiosyncrasies.
I'm takin' steps so this problems don't persist.
This is a permanent diss- The Devil's Lube applied.
On your ma before processes with the delivery tube.

Okay... Wait for it.
Ah! Fuck it, miracles don't happen easily -.
That measly, greasily bitch; we only have fantasies.
But I'm the only one properly utilizin' this beat.
Cause I've got absolute pitch.
People say I've got infections in the alveolar ridge.
Cause I spit?
Fuck 'em.
Survived thrashing, raggings.
Now I'm a biting midge.

Wonderstar shining bright! This is our year....

...2015! No other rappers in the scene.
Hip-hop regenerated by the new generation.
Degradation won't occur on our tracks.
Only renegadation.
This whole nation will bow down to it's knees.
When we bring out the ugly truth hiding inside these first-rate bullies.
You can bite on my fruit, or swallow the truth-.
Grin, and bear it!
I've seen motherfuckers come and go.
But I stick around and finish the wet job cause I like it slow....

You faggots thought you got us? No you don't.

Condense the font, increase the fuckin' tension.
Too tight to read? Forgot the rhyme scheme?
Go on live tours at the US, you'll shush and see.
Opportunities that lead to success were given to me.
I took 'em and used 'em open-heartedly.
Your tracks means diddly shit to me.
I'm #Winning- a li'l geeky Charlie Sheen.
Sponny Bee- full of versatility.
Fraternity is what bonds us.
Three, two, one....
This is our Grand Prix! Fight alone as a team.
Don't need no featurees.
Check out track 14, hope you like it!
'Bout you, you're a clout.
You punchin' bag, experiencing our wrath - hullabaloo!

Damn!

