Welcome to California (Remix) Lyrics
by 40 Glocc.


Where you at Water?

E-40.
I'm trapped in my own mind and I'm trapped like I'm in bondage.
Now, everybody ain't eating, some of us hungry like a hostage.
Messing 'round get a bleaking, with them 30-round car tricks.
To the right we playing, we'd do anything to get fetti.
California reality, with a California mentality.
Pushing wait like calories to collect our salaries.
Pimping pink toes, like Nikki, Marge and Valerie.
I'm allergic to suckers, mind my allergy.

This is for the West Side, West Side.
This is for the West Side, West Side.
This is for the West Side, West Side.
This is for the West Side, West Side.
Yeah, welcome to California.
Yeah, welcome to California.
Yeah, welcome to California.
Yeah, welcome to California.

40 Glocc.
Look at these California Chucks with these California strings.
With California dickies with these California T's.
Say the wrong thing get hit with them California knees.
I come from the land of them California G's.
Catch me, Big U, Humpty sipping California lean.
And if you really really join my California team.
We some real B's and some California C's.
Oh you didn't know? It's a California thing.

Snoop Dogg.
Where the big C's cripping and the low-lows be dipping.
And the laws keep tripping, but you know we do it our way.
Californa-a-yay, West like Kanye.
From G's to boys to ? singing like ?
Gangster shit with a cute bitch.
She want a blunt, then count money and talk shit, you'z a trick.
You wanna know my bitch dress size?
Then break bread or fake date, this is for the best side, the West Side.

Too Short.
Welcome to the bay mayne.
You a long way from LA mayne.
But it's just as dangerous.
No Crips and Bloods, but the shit don't change that much.
Niggas still representing, throw it up.
You can't have a good time if you don't know enough.
Cause Cali girls like to show that stuff.
And us Oakland niggas, we have em ho'ing up.

Xzibit.
California plates on my California Phantom.
Up on that California kush up in Cali swerving.
California earthquakes, California sunshine.
Caught up in that twist, call it California wartime.
California politics and California consequences.
Bitches be flocking to California, flipping like pigeons.
California brand fully automatic weapon.
California kid to a California legend.
When Cali get together watch how California ball.
Show some California love, put some plaques up on the wall.
California scream for the Golden State Warriors.
Born in Detroit but made in California.

