WHAT THE FUCK RIGHT NOW Lyrics
by Tyler.

Produced by Kanye West 
, 
 Tyler, the Creator _A $ AP Rocky_ 
I'm, not crazy. I'M a fuck.., oh shit, 
Floopy goober, motherfucker, floopy, fuckin', goober, 
_They ain't ready for what we'bout to bring back _ 
_They ain't ready for Tyler with the green hat. _. 
_They ain't ready for the Wang $ ap niggas _ 
_Fuck is niggas. Talkin''Bout nigga, _ 
_We gon' die legends, _, 
, 
 Tyler. The Creator 
I hope you stackin' 
I, hope you puttin' some money to the side. My nigga and payin', your taxes
 
I hope you not incriminatin' you and your niggas on songs with you. Trappin
' 
I, hope you dressin' yourself and not followin' niggas opinions on fashion
 
I hope them cars that you drivin' ain't, rented just to get some comments. On
'Gram 
Oh shit. They are because you're, not the man, 
Low self-esteem, hide it in Lean Xan every meal, 
You fuckin' weak and you robbin', your plug. 
You ain't got no plan, but I'm not here to judge 
Cause, apparently you're doin', your thing, 
 
I know they see me. 
Your pants got a flood a little bit: Katrina 
Oh you wearin' Vans and Supreme this season, 
Stop lyin' to yourself nigga me the reason 
Right now 
A little goonie with some nice sounds 
This little groupie want the pipe now 
Yeah she eatin' coochie kinda dyke. Now 
Got a new dirt bike, wow 
And it match the go-kart go SKRRT. Now 
I really want the La Ferrari, but shit ... 
Can't you lower the price down: 
 
What, the fuck right now, 
What the fuck right now, 
Right now nigga 
Right, now nigga 
Right. Now nigga 
 
 Tyler, the Creator 
Cause, I'm not one 
When, it come to a vision. They ain't got one 
_Rolling Stone_ never gave me a cover, so ... 
Ummm .... So I shot one 
I ain't do college. I said fuck them lessons. 
I ain't join no gang, I said fuck them weapons 
Grabbed. The keyboard Clancy crossed my path, 
Cashed my first check and said: fuck, depression, nigga 
Nigga. What you scared for 
Everybody lean everybody gang, though 
Nigga you a new slave, I'm an old one, 
Thanks to Ben Yang. Still walk around with chains on like 
You ain't, seen no shit like mine, 
You ain't, seen no dick, like mine, 
 
What, the fuck right now, 
What the fuck right now, 
What the fuck right now, 
What the fuck right now, 
What the fuck right now, 
What, the Fuck right now, 
What the fuck right now 
What the fuck right now, 
 
 Tyler, the Creator 
Tell you dickheads I'ma go nuts 
Niggas told me to grow up 
So I matured to a V10 
I'm in a vacant lot. Doin' donuts 
There go my ego Leggo my Eggo 
Never sip syrup. Shout my nigga Scooty 
Y'all, don't want beef. Let us know he can eat that bread 
Cause. He pushin' that mayo fuego 
Respect. When you see him 
Boy last album was a musical museum. 
Somethin' always lost with you. Niggas like Liam 
Neeson boy, you better run 
Here. I come snortin' glitter portrait pictures, 
I, don't run with many cause. Their walk is bitter 
Niggas mad at T 
Where, the tall freckled white boys at Cause. I don't fuck with niggas 
That's, not my homie, that's not my woadie 
That's, not my team nigga they're benchwarmers 
I am a stormer. I am a trooper. 
I am a Koopa, bring the losses. Now you assume, as I moved it, 
I run. The business 
I do not got time for niggas' opinions, 
They fuckin', stupid, don't need'em, don't want'em 
I, drop'em, they're, deadweight them niggas, useless, 
Neck heavy, like mothafuckin' bad news, 
Thanks to Ben Baller walkin' with a hunchback 
I got a new white one that I worked hard for. 
So the doors on my car doin' jump, jacks 
My, big bro Frankie got a Porsche 
My little brother Taco got a Bimmer 
If you see'em around me. They eatin' 
We all good. It'S like FEMA 
But, of course, 
 
Interlude, A $ AP Rocky 
Get money. Nigga Get money 
All you funny lookin' niggas back the fuck up, 
 
I wanted to add this 
I sit in room with a to do list 
Proceed to do and play acoustics. You 
Sit around and look at me feelin' foolish 
Rollin' up and make excuses. Fuckin' losers. 
 
Fuck them niggas 
Aye man, aye man, 
Aye. I just got one mothafuckin' question: 
Why the fuck, these niggas wan na look like me now: 
Why the fuck, these hoes wan na fuck, a nigga like me now 
Why the fuck. These niggas frontin', like niggas ain't, been invented. The swag
they runnin' with 
Why. The fuck is niggas actin', like niggas ain't, the originators of this shit 
Man. I tell these niggas they can die and suck a dick 
How was that Cool 
 
