Wheeping Whales (Phase 1) Lyrics
by Tyler Major.

Tyler Major:.

This right here....isnt for the regulars.
Outsiders read between the brail feel the venacular.
Never worry its the checker in the hinus suit.
That gets more recognition by his actions than his righteous crew.
The beats liquid let it drip to your fingernails.
And girls without the ponytail disguise the signs of weeping whales.
\---and oldie but goodies with the gaws rap.
Pretended to be dope and his conclusion was a grammy aaaand oh crap.
With the never ending vision, mathmetician when it comes to definitions its a.
split decision.
Haha---give em more rap.
Tell em about the production credit they gave to that cat.
Hmmmm taste like a raw meal.
Let it sour an hour come back to recognize the skill.
At this point its soundin quite bonkers.
Never will I rhyme that word again its kinda awkward.
Worst reeds keep it wet, more rippled staccatos than letherette.
Teach em to stop the twitchin before they warn em to hit the deck.
Give em a search like inspecta.
Then go go the crowd chanted microphone checka.
Thus began more daps than soundmans to most rappers.
Afterwards hes gone without his face-blank proceed to next chapter.

Gloomy Pyramid:.

Gloomy, so what's the radius.
The shits lateral, my words tedious.
My life is actual, your life grevious.
We control you so I guess we were made for this.
And, theres something about the life lore.
You couldn't get lower even if you were the price floor.
Changing up the motion like devotion of a notion.
I gotta get that hp like a potion.
So sit down, relax, I got the.
New attacks because they cost 50, ask your friends if they missed me.
But really, donate to japan with the plan.
I'm not saying this because I'm a fan of the bape.
Or the honda, simple ass actor, waiting for my oscar.
A lame ass skater, adjusting to the sponser.
So I'mma let you know when I see you at the.
Door so....

The door is open, full of the sleakened sound.
Melodies with the words that come out my mouth.
What I think about, when I come home.
I try to have the courage to think aloud.
Or amount to, what was ever dear.
The cold sheer, what bears the things I never fear.
But I shared so... there's one reason that the whales.
Shouldn't be weeping while I'm on a weekend lows.
I honored the things that were so advance.
The dolphins echos always have me in a trance.
And lately, I really wish that I could dance.
I watch yo gabba gabba to hear dj lance.
Rock.... and on this door I know for a opportunity.
But it cost a day of continuity.
I hope these words gone through to see.
In the end i'll be writting your uligy.

