When the Hurricane Comes Lyrics
by Swordplay.


I've lost it all often.
Put me in the Washington office of a coffin that I belong in then.
I'm stuck in my stock options and politics.
I'm too talkative, if I may begin.
Because these common men.
They never get caught caterwauling and off the wall.
Throwing caution to the wind.
Or pretend Molotov's at apostles.
All they want's a bottle of klonopins.
I'm swallowing the toxins in.
Run out of oxygen.
Running a thousand city blocks in my moccasins.
I wander in, up into the center of a city grid hollering olly olly oxen.
I speak to the fossils.
I dig em up and dust em off.
Down to the joint where the lone god hobbles.
I turn em into novels.
Spit em back out from the back of my tobacco painted tonsils every day.
I got a gift shop sling shot.
I point it at these robot cop drones now flown above.
I'm setting up shopping carts in parking lots to settle with the winds when.
the hurricane comes…

I'm living in a prison with invisible friends.
Who dream of freedom because it does not exist.
I will not resist.
Make the arrest.
I'm a victim of a problematic radical thought process.
I predicted the cataclysm: a typical vision left on in my mind in hypnotic.
display.
I will not be okay.
I will not be okay.
I will not be okay.
Make the arrest.

Because common sense is an inadequate defense tactic non-applicable to the.
digital model and modern day killers control their missiles on a desk top.
I'm looking at the box like “is this thing on?”.
We're living in the middle of a prison where the wealth is hither and thither.
and yon.
Broadcast the hologram, a cinematic vision of a pop icon.
I sing a love song to the activists who don't put their money where their.
mouth is.
Or talk about Vietnam in a Pentagon food court.
No, you know better than that that venom attached to the militant's split lip.
Pacifists with the laughing gas set sail for the Baghdad discotheque.
A capitalist free market suicidal cybernetic invention.
Fiddle with chemical alignment and speak my mind when I'm in suspension.
But don't mention that I'm a mess.
I'm a criminal in distress.
Put in the kennel, I'm a ketamine-colored enemy combatant with no contest.
Make progress like weather machines and atomic bombs.
I hope to Gasoline that I find my planet one day.

