Where I'm From Lyrics
by Uniq Mic.


Where I'm From X2 They be asking where I'm From 
Where I'm From X2, I'm Defining where I'm from 
L-City is the place from which I come 
Put your hands in the air. If you love where I'm from 
 
I'm, the only one with six senses, including Humor, 
Niggas, hate jokes, a lot coz life is one 
That's Where I'm From so imagine where I'm going to 
And. If you suck, I promise you Niggas turn off your tune. 
When life ain't moving, pips roll it like cigarettes, 
Life is a gift. At the same time, a curse, 
Like Big Brother, you got ta, keep an eye open, 
The roots were good, but then just look at the branches. 
They need exorcism and some extra touches. 
And people keep on talking like some wrist watches 
In my zone, you are what you eat, so I'm an emcee 
Where I come from awkwardly D. Was a blessing 
People just trap the dream they are tired of chasing 
So. Different ways are used to find the same fortune. 
And dad says, changes come, but things remain the same. 
If you can't get the picture at least get the frame. 
 
B.T.C, 
 
This is my story of where I'm from 
A, true ghetto story, told like Baby Charm. 
The place I'm From has defined, who I am 
The place, I'm from is the reason why I verbally harm 
A good reason why I'm still in music, 
A good reason why the mic I use is unique. 
Full description, why life needs make up No cosmetic 
No reason why life is a bitch, 
Always thinking back in time, like a watch in my brain, 
Blood, sweat and tears all over my memory, lane 
They say: love is in the air, but I inhale the pain. 
We say: ghetto life not knowing we live in curse. 
I fought for my home to free the human race 
Spark fire to the warm heart, 
Street kids asking where my home at 
I say your home is right. Above, like satellite 
The devil is alive only work in demons, 
Servant of rap possessed by sessions. 
 
B.T.C, 
, 
Some girls act like multi-user operating systems. 
You might think they love you, but they're messing with your feelings, 
Neither their body, nor their spirit is willing. 
They all focus on one thing: money making 
And almost each family now has a singer. 
Everyone in the streets thinks he's ghost-writer 
Now. The problem is, who is the seller and who is the buyer 
Coz? It seems like everybody wants to be the employer. 
Yet success is like a joke, not everybody gets it. 
And a song is like a status, not everybody likes it. 
Different brands of toothpaste are known as Colgate. 
People are tired of sachets, so they drinkin holy wine. 
They say what goes around comes around, but not here. 
Everybody is aiming at a better life not to live here. 
And, it's very difficult to find a rasta or a Y.O. 
Coz people leave a murderer and criticize y'all 
 
B.T.C
 
