Where The Light Shines Through Lyrics
by Switchfoot.


One more time, 
1 2, 3, 4 
 
When you're, feeling like an astronaut 
Stuck on a planet. Even time forgot and 
You're a version of yourself but you're not the same 
You, try to keep the wound, camouflaged and 
The stitches heal, but the years are lost and 
Another bottle on the shelf. Can'T numb the pain, 
 
Why're you running from yourself now 
You can't run away. 
 
Cause your scars shine like dark stars. 
Yeah your wounds are where the light shines through 
So. Let'S go there to that place where 
We sing, these broken prayers, where the light shines. Through\ -- 
The wound is where the light shines through 
Yeah. The wound is where the light shines through 
 
Ain't, we all just Abraham's son, 
Saint and sinner with the song and drum and 
We're fallen on our knees. We all bleed the same 
And, the only tattoos. I have are scars: 
I got your name written on my heart 
And, the story that brought us here, ain't the thing that changed no
, 
I wan na see that light shining 
Brighter than the pain 
 
Cause. Your scars shine like a dark star. 
Yeah your wounds are where the light shines through 
So. Let'S go there to that place where 
We sing. These broken prayers, where the light shines through 
The wound is where the light shines through 
 
Mama ain't, the blood just proof, I'm human 
Mama ain't, the wound, just retribution, 
Well Mama ain't. The scar like a vision of grace 
 
The wound, is where the light shines. Through 
The wound is where the light finds you 
The wound is where the light shines through. 
The wound is where the light finds you 
Your scars shine like dark stars 
Yeah. The wound is where the light shines through 
It's, where the light shines through 
Yeah yeah. It'S where the light shines through 
Yeah, the only time to our heart. Oh oh 
It's, where the light shines through 
Where. The light shines where the light shines through 
Where. The light shines, though 
It's, where the light shines: through
 
