Where Ya Going? Lyrics
by Zoo Babies.


Half asleep as I walk out of class.
Three hour lecture seems to go by fast.
Got a cute study buddy.
So you know I'm about to pass,.
Hella other girls , catch em all like Ash,.
-OW-.
Walking with a strut like POW.
Dudes eye-balling, I think they want it now,.
But I just keep it moving, and let it be allowed.
See my man Villa.
Then I continue to prowl.

Aiyo, crash done.
And I'm swerving out the parking lot.
Reversing Paul Walker.
Flipping birds to the parking cops,.
Tail up outta here can't let em see my license plate.
My license ain't cancelled but today is not the day I'm going down.
But fuck I'm divided on E, happy thoughts, pizza &amp; Fraser on TV.
Who am I kidding God?
Please don't let the car stop.
Get a block further.
Look like Noyz at the bus stop.

Yo I'm caught between buses.
Mean mugging every driver passing.
Man I'm sick of this waiting.
Now it's time for action.
The next cyclist who rode by.
As soon as he gets close, I.
Approach sly and swing a clothesline.
Now I'm down the block peddling.
I think I hear the sound of cops followin my brethren around the clock.
Gotta lay low, so I head to Babbu's house.
But then before I knock at the do or.
I see em runnin out.

I run around on the Bramp.
Peddaling with the seat low.
Made my Brooks, full of color, like Im Cee Lo Green.
And a feather roll, HA, Im waiting at the Sugar Bowl.
For my friends, chocolate.
chip and off the waffle cone I movin.
Noyz hit me off lovely and I love him, with root beer thoughts.
We sippin sodas like we cousins, hold up.
Motorola in my pocket.
Answer quickly and it's Magic.
yelling out an helicopter hit me.

Yo you with me.
Cause I ain't gonna be Rodney King.
So I told my man, Babbs David.
What he gotta bring.
We need weapons and a boom-box baddabing,.
Not a thing less, and yes that's when I gotta wing.
It's Noyz and the boys head to the rescue.
So bless you.
Without a sneeze or the Kleenex,.
I roll with the meanest, ski mask tearin out.
Killing witnesses cause all our bids takin out.

Ay Babbu, where ya going, goin, goin?
B Magic where ya goin, goin, goin?
Yo Noyz, where ya goin, goin, goin?
Ay Villa, where ya goin, goin, goinnnnnn?

