Who's Tha Hoe? Lyrics
by X-Raided  (a.k.a. Nefarious).


Picture this, a black man walks into a white store.
She's a white hoe, and the nigga says Hello.
She says Hi back in a friendly tone.
But she was really thinking Nigga, leave me the hell alone.
But then, the nigga threw his rap.
Told her that he loved her, and all that crap!
I knew what he wanted to do.
Take her to her house, pick up her brew, and then screw.
This is something that I know well.
Black hoes is cool, but white hoes are dumb as hell.
She fell for the drama that he was talking.
When she should've said Nigga, keep walking!
But she was nothing but a flirt.
She thought to herself A little sex won't hurt.
Huh, but little did the white hoe know.
The nigga was a jiggalo, you know, a male hoe.
They left the store, and went to the nigga's house.
Doggy style, turned her white ass out.
The nigga got a 40 out the fridge.
Kicked back, and took a few swigs.
He passed it to the hoe, and she took a few sips.
He took it from her, put it down, and he touched her lips.
He put her ass out, baby, you gotta go.
Now let me know, who's the motherfucking hoe.
In this case?

X-Raided, Brotha Lynch Hung, and Sicx}.
Who's the, who's the hoe.

We all know what happened to the white hoe.
She got sick, took a trip to the hospital.
It wasn't A.I.D.S., or some other disease.
She was pregnant, because she was easy.
She got money, but still, was a damn shame.
The baby's father, she don't know his damn name.
And what's she gonna tell Pops?
He thought she was a V, but the panties drop.
: Did she come out with the fact?
I don't know, Moms is old, she might have a heart attack.
She ain't showing yet, so why bother?
Right now, she needs to try to find the father.
She got the address, and went to the front door.
The nigga opened it, and said,What up, hoe?!
He noticed that she wasn't gonna apologize.
And from the Levis, he was hugging her thighs.
He said,Baby, did you wanna come in?
And like a dummy, she did, and they was fucking again.
She forgot what she was there for.
This time, yo, I know who's the hoe.

X-Raided, Brotha Lynch Hung, and Sicx}.

She lost her baby, maybe, it was for the best.
Or it could've been a little test.
Put together by you know who.
The hoes be screaming, too.
I don't know, it's crazy than a motherfuck.
Is it the nigga you trick, or the dick she sucked?
Or is it both that makes you a big bitch.
You get mad, so you switch.
Go find you another hoe to get with.
Eat each other's pussies, and playing with rubber dicks.
Niggas is hoes, too, dropping them drawls.
Getting up the shit walls.
Don't ask me, because I don't know.
The nigga or the bitch, which one is the hoe?

X-Raided, Brotha Lynch Hung, and Sicx}.

