Wife 4 life Lyrics
by 4th Avenue Jones.

4Th Avenue Liberty, Jones' 
Tat Chat, Chat, 
4th Avenue, Jones' 
K-Ci himself, { himself himself, } 
Ha Ha 
, 
4th, Avenue Liberty, Jones' 
I, never planned that I'd be married to settle no chance. 
Wedding bands rock the heaviest metal 
And. I'M the center hip hop 
My M3 seat. Three: don't need comission 
So either we rhyme or design the beat to flip with 
Don't. Stick with music. Cuz, I hand lose it 
It seranades me. While I land cruise it 
If, I'm stressed or soothing 
Something. I can make the fans move with 
Said. I be singing til, I saw you was like Man who dis 
While, JD Mingle, be gettin at you with a brand new twist 
Switchin my linger wishin. I could be the one you cling to 
I. Ask you for you number. Maybe I can ring you. 
Six months later, when I'm sick, my baby bringin me food 
Hang with the fellas, I said Mainly I'll, be hangin wit, you 
Ready, to have that satisfaction of you saying I do 
Since you finally did it now. We together mind body spirit, 
That's, something can't no body interfere with for life, 
, 
4 Life, 
My, Wife, 4, Life 
You, say: Yes, 
Yes. You will be my wife, 
My wife, my wife, 
 
4th, Avenue Liberty, Jones' 
I bet you be strapped at point: little pubs 
Said. She never give her number out to dudes in the clubs 
That's the boogees and acceptions cuz she's, showing me love 
Body bangin like the county, but I avoid the rub: 
Prolly to use to dudes jockin. All I asked was a hug 
So. She slid me the digits mashed out in a Bug 
A couple months pass and we, the item'round town 
But, I'm feelin, like the worm like she just want me for the rebound 
She fresh, outta relationships that only got her heartache and pain 
Frustrated because of drama 
I'm. Look at your face: picturing, kids and I can see em 
Til death. Do us part. We got the match and mazzaliam 
On poppa's DM I'll, put you in the chrome, BM 
You different from the rest. You love God and MCing 
Whether. It be tattoo rings or bling. 
50 karat you, my wife, 4 life. We got our backs and it's apparent 
 
4 Life, 
My, Wife, 4 Life 
You say: Yes 
Yes. You will be my wife, 
My wife, my wife, 
 
Interlude, K-Ci, 
So ya, heard 
When. I asked 
That night you'd, be my wife. 
Not for this year or next 
But mine for all life, 
To accept me when I'm seein 
And to understand 
Not, to make this dim in the rain. 
Which comes as hard as any 
I'm, not the best of men. 
My fault has come scarse tonight 
But. My heart has always been to give to my wife 
Yes. You are baby 
 
Tina Jones of 4th Avenue Liberty, Jones' 
Tina Jones, been picky bout. Men don't want some common fella 
Contaminatin me like salmanila, 
Workin, undercover, like my rhyme umbrella 
Keepin. It shady I'm not going for it, though not even maybe 
Showin proof to you the difference from a rag and from a lady 
I can do for myself makin my bacon living gravy, 
And thankin, the Lord cuz. More importantly, he saved me 
I shot for the moon. Lookin for comets, like I'm Haley 
I found me a star. Companionship is what it gave me 
I'm beautiful too, and not because my hair is wavy. That'S my baby 
I said 
 
 Tina Jones x2 
4 Life. 
Your Wife, 4 Life 
I say Yes 
Yes. I will be your wife, 
Your wife, your wife, 
 
4 Life, 
My, Wife, 4, Life 
You, say: Yes, 
Yes. You will be my wife, 
My wife, my wif
 
