Wonder Lyrics
by Vivekverma.


Tik-tok on the clock guess whoose back on the block.
Now my head is overcrowded ever since i lookin for the top.
Lemme walk up to the mic and knock.
And to my critics imma put ya on the shock.
So shut the shit talk.

Look back on this track ,back and forth the fact.
What the heck ,when i am back to this track.
M right behind yer hunch back.
Imma doo or die for a payback infact got the balls to face wack.
Yeaahh i dont ever give a popin shit.
Haters are feminen so what they call for masculin.
I drank a half of gasoline ,excrement on yer sissy dream.
Full of self esttem to get my confidence back up to the main stream.

I just get back grab the microphone to drop bombs on them floors.
I just get back grab the microphone to drop bombs on them floors.

Now what i do, what i do , imma do.
May be like a desparodo ,anybody of you.
Getiin sick of what i do.
Fore i call the truce ,count for two.
Ill take a laugh with the scooby boo.
,kick ya to the zoo.
Now what the heck is life.
In this meantime , gettin pain inside.
Ain't nobody come around.
So i am makin all those wack rhymes.
Gettin ready for break up the hostage ,let back up in a fine line.

I just get back grab the microphone to drop bombs on them floors.
I just get back grab the microphone to drop bombs on them floors.

Yeeahh!!!!!!!
Back up to my childhood.
Only gal that i admired boo.
Everytime i look up in the sky , imma sky dude.
Gotta the pent-up feelin bagged ,only thin i can smile through.
If u like it or not but i own it at every place and spot tooo.
Have had with the fair weather friends.
Enough with their psychometric command.
I look myself what of proud to be.
Braught a V now m outta me.
Imma be what i set out to be.
Ain't no body compare to marshall in list of me.

I just get back grab the microphone to drop bombs on them floors.
I just get back grab the microphone to drop bombs on them floors.

Its been a while now, i wonder.
What does it take to wonder , what life allow.
U could barely through it ,can't even ponder how.
Eplosion inside a reality ,doest seem so vanity.
I musta made a mistake; no sanity.
Guess what i gotta best to haullu--cinate the everlast.
Responded every thing ,came across and smashed.
Thats now what i got the best to the next is the jest.
And the fact that i suggest ,kick the past for the rest.
Of the life , ,to get a vibe ,to get a wonder of the ride.
For futher life imma fight ,with wine and dine.
That have been put in life with nickel and dime.
That one day i might take a fly.

