Wonder Woman Lyrics
by VI Seconds.


Want to hear the truth, don't want no lies.
I done told you ‘bout it a thousand times, yeah.
Tell me right now cause its on my mind.
I'm confused when you put on that disguise.
You're that wonder woman.

I can't believe you and I hate it.
Every time you speak, I'm second guessing all your statements.
Every time you say, “I love you,” I hit you with a side eye.
I can't even trust you with the pass to my Wi-Fi.
You were you, I was me, we were us.
It was true, I could see we had lust.
It was cool, girl it was what it was.
And then soon it would turn into love.
We would fight and we'd cuss and we'd cuss.
And at night we would fuck and we'd fuck.
The way we shake-up, shake-up.
We would make-up, make-up.
Wake up, wake up.
I ain't wanna break up, wake up.
You were mine, but on the side I'm growing tired of your lies.
I can't even recognize you when I look you in the eyes.
You put bullets in everything that we had.
Cause your word was something that I never had.

I want to hear the truth, don't want no lies.
I done told you ‘bout it a thousand times.
Yeah, tell me right now cause its on my mind.
I'm confused when you put on that disguise.
You're that wonder woman.

I swear I-…
I-I-I just…
Every time I-…
Go back to the night that you told me.
You spent the night with him, and you tried to fucking hold me.
I lose my shit, thinking ‘bout how you may have grabbed on him.
And it makes me wanna fucking put my hands on him.
If you want him so bad, he can have you.
Want me to leave so bad, I'll be glad to.
You and him can sit and listen close and laugh at this.
Full of love cause I cared about your happiness.
Just know he'll never love you like I did.
I saw our future when I closed my fucking eyelids.
Way to go, you showed me love ain't special.
And for that reason I ain't never gon' forget you.

I want to hear the truth, don't want no lies.
I done told you ‘bout it a thousand times.
Yeah, tell me right now cause its on my mind.
I'm confused when you put on that disguise.
You're that wonder woman.

Honestly, I'm so done with the lies that you're telling me.
It's funny how your breasts- I mean your eyes keep selling me.
They keep telling me you want love, I want lust motherfucker.
I fell right into your trap like a dumb motherfucker.
Where you at? Where the fuck you at when I need you?
See, you focus on your features.
I've been needing something deeper.
I've been contemplating you like.
“Do I love her? Do I need her?”.
In the end I always end up with.
“You need to fucking leave her”.
Damn, remember all the nights you said, “I love you”?
Now honestly I'd rather be with anybody but you.
You fucked another guy.
Now you know why I can never trust you.
“It was only for a night and outta spite, and I was drunk too.”.
Clung to every lie you fed to me.
Funny how I thought I found a love, I found an enemy.
Funny how I thought I found a time, I found a memory.
Remember what you said to me?
Now leaving is a remedy, I'm outtie, it's Witt.

I want to hear the truth, don't want no lies.
I done told you ‘bout it a thousand times.
Yeah, tell me right now cause its on my mind.
I'm confused when you put on that disguise.
You're that wonder woman.

I'm tired of having problems.
I wish that we could just solve ‘em.
But if you lying girl, please don't involve me.
Fucking ‘round on me, wish I wasn't all in.
Yeah, really don't know who you are right now.
No, no.
The deed is done, but I still wanna know, tell me now.

I want to hear the truth, don't want no lies.
I done told you ‘bout it a thousand times.
Yeah, tell me right now cause its on my mind.
I'm confused when you put on that disguise.
You're that wonder woman.

