Work Lyrics
by Xavier.


First off I know that I suck at rapping, don't need to remind me.
I'm not tryna get signed off this shit anyway. That's not what defines me.
What defines me is the music and the people around me who don't think that I.
can go and do this for the rest of my life.
And Imma prove y'all wrong.
Just listen to the displayed growth I show in every song or am I wrong.
For being a young nigga tryna live out his dreams?
Young prince of an underground tryna be a king.
And what am I to y'all?
I'm just another black boy tryna be a rapper except I'm living through faith.
and passion.
Nobody acting so stop asking if I'm serious.
Cause why the hell you think I'm doing this?
I hope this shit gets played by the elite like Jay-Z, Ye, J. Cole, Drake.
Rappers admired today.
And Imma work hard Imma work hard.
Til my heart stops and I'm not saying.

Do you feel me nigga?
Do you feel me nigga?
Do you feel me nigga?
I bet you dont I bet you dont but Imma keep on working hard for what I want.
just so you know.
Do you feel me nigga?
Do you feel me nigga?
Do you feel me nigga?
I bet you dont I bet you dont but Imma keep on working hard for what I want.
just so you know.

This reminds me of a dude that went to college.
And not only that but a nigga there on full scholarship and won't acknowledge.
it.
Cause these bitches don't like the smart guys.
The guys that they like are the ones that run away from their type.
Couldn't even get a try.
Flow cold like Coors Light.
Learning shit he couldn't see himself doing for life and at night he prays.
he's doing it right.
By going to school and pursuing the dream, he prays he's doing it right.
But how can God ever be wrong?
That's what he wants to know since he contemplates dropping out and giving it.
up.
But giving it up won't make it a bit better.
And cheddar will come and he knows it.
And by a storm he will blow it.
Working hard for the passion couldn't give a fuck bout a mansion.
He wants to do what he is born to and because of that he's gon to.
He's gon work hard he's gon work.
Til is heart stops and he's not saying.

