World Go Crazy Lyrics
by Two-9.

Produced By Backpack 
 
Deep down, all I ever wanted was some money with my partners: 
And a blacked out'rari and a crib for my mama 
Now, a nigga goin', get it either way it go. 
No, switching mathematician, motherfucka', no problem, 
Keep a bunch of loud weed, nigga, ay, 
Bunch of nines round me nigga, ay 
If, you with your people, start jumping on shit, 
Start, a fucking moshpit or a movement. If you need to 
One two three nigga go crazy. 
Hit. The blunt so hard did a full 180 
Just for the record can't nann' nigga pay me 
Lean got the car creeping 
driving, Ms Daisy 
Pull, up to the money like fuck, you pay me 
Kill. A nigga nowadays could die young anyway, like Tray 
 
Whole world. Go crazy, 
Whole world go crazy. 
Whole world go crazy, 
 
I, strapped the porch. With my pistol and my partners, homie 
Been fucking, your bitch 
Don't. You ever hit me less. You got a problem, 
Been sleeping so plush on this Murakami 
Mastermind of my psyche signed a deal I'm'luminati 
Took, my poppa's life, it still haunt me 
Day to day when I be drinking sloppy, 
Popping pills, I'm just a fucking zombie 
I. Don'T really think they like me. Mommy 
Mac-11, or they call me Johnny 
Always, making money, I'm in love with counting 
And, her pussy wet. It'S like a fucking fountain 
Money counter money, counter 
Stack it up. Just like a mountain 
I got dogs, you can't be around 
Percocet is kicking in. I fell down. 
 
I said: I talk tough cause, I been
in a house 
Where, the guns came out and they look in the couch 
To find work like the unemployed, 
Had my mama face down white by
the toys. 
Told her give up the stash. She ain't have a choice 
So. She point out the stash. I ain't have a voice 
Only two: what's a youngin to do, 
These facts, I'm just speaking the truth living the proof, 
Hop off the stoop and I got to get it. 
The game is survive and I'm the fuckin' fittest 
Middle finger to the five Imma leave emlivid 
And. If a nigga got a ride, Imma fucking get it 
Fuck 12 jump, bail, fuck, a
sentence, 
They, say we living in hell. So why are we dependent on a motherfucker just like
me 
They scared of revolt? But it just might be said it just might be. 
Ay see a nigga like me, 
Uh I'm prepared for the beef 
Uh like a butcher and a cooker we can ride in the street. We can ride in the
street, 
Fuck a college degree 
Cause. I learned from the streets. 
Two-9 till it kill me. 
I know the rest. Goin' agree: 
 
Said, this leather jacket got a ball in it 
Swear this booth, I'm in it got a stall in it. 
Your bitch bad and we all hit it 
Yeah nigga. We all hit it 
Roll up a blunt hit it once and I'm stuck 
Where. I come from you're only safe with a gun, 
Hear them boys talking, but they ain't saying none 
New bitch with me: ain't no telling where she from 
The niggas that I'm with get their rep on 
Why. You snorting that shit that dope stepped on 
Tryna figure out. Nigga why we slept on 
And? If you talking wrong, nigga get stepped on 
 
Whole world go crazy. 
Whole world go crazy. 
Whole world go crazy, 
 
Bitch! I go crazy. 
So crazy, go crazy! I'M crazy! Go apeshit 
No! We don't take sips, we face it. 
And! No bitch, I don't want no chaser 
Furthermore. I would never chase her in my fit 
Very limited Brick. Did the regimen 
Counting dividends bitch, it's intricate, all your bitches basic 
Got, your old girl and you need to replace her 
In the club and I dab it out
then. I came in the lobby and I run around 
Used to hate me, but they feel it now. 
I just live life. I don't plan it out. 
Young motherfuckers got banana rounds, hammer time, 
Hating motherfuckers need to free me 
With, my curly haired bitch in the teepee 
Said fuck school got my GED 
Cause ain't. Nothing! You can motherfucking teach me 
 
Whole world go crazy. 
Whole world go crazy. 
Whole world go crazy. 
Whole world go crazy. 
Whole world go crazy. 
Whole world go crazy
, 
