WW III Lyrics
by Ruff Ryders.

Ruff Ryders, Ruff Ryders.
Ryde or Die - Volume 2.

Tugboats... ehh, it's over.

Ahhh-HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!
It's the second time around motherfucker!
Volume 2 - Ryde or Die, BIATCH!
Gangsta nigga and we gon' rock this motherfucker, you dig me?
We the square root of the motherfuckin streets!
Double R, you cocksuckin sons of bitches!!
YEAH!!

Swizz Beatz.
State yo' name gangsta.
Where you representin?
You gon' hold it down?
Enough said then nigga.

Snoop Dogg.
Mmm, let's make this official.
Shine yo' boots and load yo' pistols.
Pull out yo best credentials cause this'll.
Be the official for the fictitial.
Doggy Dogg and Big Swizzle, nigga blow the whistle.
Smokin on some bomb-beeda secondhand smoke.
Will getcha, hitcha, and make you all get the picture.
Dig this - when was the last time you seen me.
Posted up West coasted up and sippin on some Remi?
Believe me - it ain't easy been Deezy.
Wit these jealous rap niggas and these punk ass breezies.
Man - I couldn't remember what they told me.
When I first came in the game but thangs done changed.
Call it what you wanna, keep the heat up on it.
East, Long Beach, California - spinnin like a 'Tona.
Bangin on the corner, hot like a sauna.
So you best to back up off me or I kick this straight up on ya.

Swizz Beatz.
State yo' name yungsta.
Where you representin?
You gon' hold it down?
Well nuff said then.

Yung Wun.
Shorty pop a lot, actin like you got a lot.
Wit all that fake ice on his watch, this nigga wanna get got.
Coming to my city wit all that hot shit and his fake ass click.
I'mma put somethin in him and bust his wig, I'm on some thugged out shit.
You better be strapped boy, how you love that boy, act boy.
I'mma break yo back boy, wit a bat boy, where you at boy.
Hold up I'm cold hearted; DAMN RIGHT, I get retarded.
I'm a yung-un and down here, bitch I'm the hardest.
You can hoot, hide and talk that shit.
I'mma stay low, keep it real and sho' to come up.
But when I bite you gone feel that there, it's real down here.
Watch your mouth boy, you might get killed down here.
I'm a Ryde or Die nigga, put somethin in your eye nigga.
Get beside yourself it's bye bye nigga.
When it come to Glock cockin and drop poppin.
I'm the first to hit the block and go to war wit the cops fuck nigga.

Swizz Beatz.
State yo' name gangsta.
Where you representin?
You gon' hold it down?
Enough said then nigga.

Scarface.
Heidi-ho! Scarface the Don, pullin the strings to your alarm.
Bringin terror wit this beretta, I clutch in my palm.
I'm scarin motherfuckers straight wit mine.
Guerilla tactics, guranteein my enemy die.
It's worldwide army alert for all soliders.
Either you Ruff Ryde, Ryde Ruff, or roll over.
It's a stick up, so down on yo knees, cause I'm sicker.
Don't disrepect it, you don't disrespect me nigga.
I'm the one these niggas call on; when negotiations are halted.
And the time comes for the beatin of the bosses.
Make 'em an offer that they can't refuse.
They don't comply, well now I'm bout to stank these fools.
Fool, I guess these niggas think they can't be moved.
Realizie they don't scare niggas like they thank they do.
You fuck wit me, I gots to fuck wit you.
World War 3 motherfucker, I thought you knew.

Swizz Beatz.
State yo' name gangsta.
Where you representin?
You gon' hold it down?
Enough said then nigga.

Jadakiss.
If you fuckin wit the 'Kiss, you ain't gon' breathe.
The only time I lick in the air is New Year's Eve.
Sonny from Bronx Tale, you can't leave.
Get kissed on yo' cheek then you meant to die.
Cause when the gun start poppin then my temperature rise.
You know my style; 20 niggas wit 40 Cals.
Nine years ago you was hollerin shorty wild.
Now I'm in the rap game twistin these honies out.
Never left the crack game still on a money route.
I run through the industry looking for enemies.
Y'all niggas sound sick and Jada the remedy.
Get shot in yo' eyes and mouth.
Can't see can't talk when you fuckin wit the heart of New York.
And that's fouler that swallowin pork.
And to fuck wit the feds dog.
You know I push the prowler to court.
Toast on my lap, got the East Coast on my back, UH.

Swizz Beatz.
How many times must I tell you motherfuckers.
We ain't industry niggas.
We in-the-STREETS, niggas - you motherfuckin right!
Ruff Ryders forever, yeah bitch - now what?

All together.
Ryde.. or.. Die.. you talk it, we live it.
So Ryde.. or.. Die.. you want it, we give it.
So Ryde.. or.. Die.. you start it, we end it.
So Ryde.. or.. Die.. you talk it, we live it.
So Ryde.. or.. Die.. you want it, we give it.
So Ryde.. or.. Die.. you start it, we end it.

Swizz Beatz.
Yeah, Double R motherfuckers - Ruff Ryders!

