Xan By The Pound Lyrics
by Yung Trae.


Nigga you ever notice how like a local rapper'll get on a song and be like:.
Nigga, you know who the fuck it is..
And I just be like: Nah nigga, we don't. Fuck it.

Might have bad bitch send me nudes, might skateboard wit' a few white dudes.
Might throw a party wit' my sister, Might roll a blunt, or just sip my liquor.
Might stay local, or I might go outta town, I been in field, and I'm never.
outta bounds.
If I get in the game, then I'm goin for the crown.
Know a couple niggas move xan by the pound.
They might merk a nigga if I ever give the word.
I might call my ex if ever get the nerve.
And tell her I'm on, I'm on, I'm on, tell her I'm on, I'm on, I'm on.
Bitch we eat'in, eat'in, eat'in, I'mma breath of fresh air; don't stop.
breathin'.
Tell her I'm on, I'm on, I'm on, tell her I'm on, I'm on, I'm on.

If they got a problem, they gonn call Yung Treezy.
I beat these bitches up like my name Chris Breezy.
Smokein' on a bag, of that crispy Sour Deezy.
When life gives you lemons, boy you better get to squeezein'.
My bitch don't got no cut cards, my big homies is cut throat.
They say: Yung Trae, you nailed it!, but y'all other niggas just a clear.
coat.
No cuticles, I give they ass the business like cubicles.
I got twin sis she's beautiful; fuck wit' her wrong she go Patrick Ewing.
Boston Hockey; shit is brewing, in my head.
She in my bed, needle dick; and she thread.
Daffy shit, I'm duckin' Feds, I'm on the clock, I'm off my meds.
Almost famous, you can tell by chain, school of hard knocks, I majored in pain.
Nigga I'mma solider, I be on my Major Payne.
Nigga you a mark, you a major ass lame.
I'mma tell my camp start fuckin campaign.
I'm so hot, boy I sizzle when it rain, I'm in winners circle and you circlein'.
the drain.
Boy I'm on, I'm on, I'm on, I'mma keep goin, keep goin, keep goin.
Ride this wave or drown yourself, only round greatness, I surround my self.
Nigga at the top I just found myself, I might kill the game til ain't no one.
left.

Never gave a fuck about a op, and nigga that's some real shit.
You could add the T, that's some trill shit.
You a clumsy ass bitch you spill shit, I kill shit, on some Bill shit.
I am not the motherfucker to deal wit', like a ziplock bag I seal shit.
Go 0 to 100 nigga real quick, shout out to Drake, O.V.O., Degrassi in my blunt.
I fucked your main bitch and your side bitch, I called it a double stunt.
And it's rare that I stunt, but a must that I flex.
I told her: Don't want the sex give me the neck, then you could cut that.
check..
Cause bitch I'm on, I'm on, I'm on, try to come crawling back I'mma send your.
ass home.
Ho I'm a King, this my motherfuckin' throne, just turned 18 but a nigga been.
grown.
Bitch I'm so gone, my niggas keep them xans by the pound so you know a nigga.
way too on.
Fat .30 dick wit a full hundred round, just in case we gotta knock a hate'in.
ass nigga down.
Trae X.O. that's my motherfuckin' 'round, bitch stay tuned we the talk of the.
town.
Nigga we eatin', eatin', eatin', comein' for any nigga that's speakin'.
Party every weekend, bad bitch I'm seekin'.
Like a sex tape, leave a bitch nigga leakin'.
Your bitch goin skits over me, she tweakin'.
Seen me in person, she think she dreamin'.
Bitch I'm on.

