XAOTH Lyrics
by 3rdiiiUth.


... man caught with 20 pounds of a drug nicknamed Molly is no stranger to.
the drug world.
News Channel 9's Jessica Oh has been digging deeper in this case all day..
Jessica....

It's the Mosh-ter, so straighten up your posture.
And witness all these nouns that we speak oh so proper.
Hindu Princess. You niggas been.
stressed.
Name always in your mouth like a dentist.
Sensei. Got green like Dende.
Smoke killa. Pop pills like fruit snacks.
Blunt raps and herb essence. Such a blessing to the human adolescence.
I'm rare like ablino Rhinos Marvin Gaye vinyls, and fossils of Dinos.
Molly mayhem. Somebody come save him before the lethal weapon get to point in.
your direction.
Oh hot shit. It's Moshpit. No way you can stop this.
Don't care, cause life's too short like a hobbit.

Xannies all on her tongue She just came to have fun.
Xannies all on her tongue She just came to have fun.
Xannies all on her tongue She just came to have fun.
Xannies all on her tongue So she gon do what she wants.
Xannies all on her tongue She just came to have fun.
Xannies all on her tongue She just came to have fun.
Xannies all on her tongue She just came to have fun.
Xannies all on her tongue So she gon do what she wants.

Mind gravity shifting 'til it's shattering.
Can barely hear myself think with all these demons chattering.
Trying to bader me. Cause abuse to drugs and widows.
And I know you hear those messages ringing inside your earlobes.
Ain't no pretending. We blending with the penmanship.
Trying to keep it chill like a scrimmage to avoid imprisonment.
I hope you're listening cause wisdom is the key.
To unlock the door to a world of reality.
My name ain't Sylvester, but a nigga still on.
And the way my bank erupt like burglars up in your home.
They be gripping the chrome, but my lyrics splitting your dome.
A grumpy mister until the bloody blisters is gone.
Put the piff in the bong and let's rise to a level where.
Human eyes couldn't spy, and pigs and angels wouldn't fly.
Believe it. My flow be so anemic and.
my.
Nimbus cloud makes the view look oh so scenic.

It's young Ragz, but your main bitch call me daddy.
Pull up in this caddy. If she want me she can have me.
I would dig in her guts gladly. I'm killing these hoes.
Already freezing. Got the coldest of flows.
I'm murdering foes. So little they know. Hell hath no fury.
Got these clips that I'm giving. In the murdering business.
So watch your provisions. Giving out head on collisions.
You are not in our league. Get the fuck up in division.
Nimbus is on a cloud and Molly is in a mosh pit.
And Ragz is probably getting brain from an exotic thang in the tropics.
Call of Duty. Block Optic. I'm bracing niggas so watch your pockets.
Nigga.

