Xpendables Prt1 Lyrics
by Xeezy.

What is the meaning of life,what is it's purpose.
Some say life is a race,&amp; I'm feeling like the tortoise.
What have I accomplished?
My life hasn't circumference.
Is this a conference...is this life a contest?
If so these ni99as is losers,I'm like a roster.
&amp; my actions seems peculiar,cause my bitch looks like Medusa.
One look at her fangs my bangs of venom gone shoot yuh.
One look at her tan,yuh eyes stretch like rubber bands.
GOD DAMN,these ni99as out here ruthless....
Is that your new shoes? Man that's my ole kicks.
Is that your girl's class? Cause she'll get dismissed.
Is that your new snaps? Take em back,cause they shit....
Man take them Nike's back! Why? Because #idoit.
My life is to short to worry about how short my life is.
This is X,hot off the press so it's eXpress,read all about it.
Ni99as duck me like pout lips.
Doubt what I've accomplished.
But truthfully,get used to me,cause I'm gonna be around just like.
Circumference.
I got Sw@qq in abundance.
You suffer from indulgence.
I'm pro to con,I'm Obie Wan,I'll have yuh girl speaking in tongues.
With my...magic wand,she's got an accent,she ain't scared of us.
See but you don't know the half,she won't stay out of my radius.
She gon get cut no cutlass.
She gon get knocked unconscious.
Then there's nothing more,me &amp; this whore that we both have to discuss.

I'll throw her away just like a discus.
After I've sucked her pegs like Citrus.
After I explored her every crevice.
I'll make her legs wobble like Evils.
I'm fucking her in her pelvis,sticking it to her like a cactus.
She says she wants to be an actress,so she will not stop,till I say cut.
Damn,this bitch she is so fucking heartless.
But at least I did her justice &amp; I fucked her like Chuck Norris.

I'm X-dependable ni99a....2.
Why? Because I do.....
It....yeah.
Welcome to X miXtape ni99a.
Yeah....

They say balling is a hobby,more like a habit.
Tricks is for the kids, but it's become a grown man habit.
I hope you hare me like a rabbit.
&amp; I'm happy like a faggit.
Gay's another word for happy,so slow people please don't panic.
I seek chances &amp; I grab it,&amp; yes I gotta have it.
I ball seven days a week &amp; take advantage on the Sabbath.
You ni99as make me laugh Funniest Videos Bog Saget.
Trini SwaggerZ a 'FUll House no need for Bob Saget.
We don't need no Ian Alleyne,I'll show you the world like Aladdin.
&amp; I'm charged,free of charge, $free.99 it's a bargin.
&amp; no I ain't gon bargin,with Alvin,Theodore or Simon.
I'm no punk to chipmunks,my nuts be taking dunks in they women.
See....girls come &amp; go,&amp; I make em cum &amp; leave.
I've always felt like a shirt,cause I've never been a tease.
My life's never been a breeze,I stay clean like soap powder.
Do fonies eat baloney,&amp; do cows be cowards.
This ain't no new beginning,you retire when you tired.
&amp; I began when you begun &amp; I be getting pweedy tired.
Of you lames,with no name tryna gain fame on other people pain.
What good is it to lose your soul &amp; the whole world you gain.
I wanna say that again,but you ain't getting it...You getting it?
You could mess with me with a condom &amp; still catch this shit.
I'm immune to your tunes,you baffone gone meet a goon.
&amp; you fill me up with hot air &amp; meet the plastic no balloon.

