Yeah I'm On It Lyrics
by Switch Floz.


Yeah, I'm On It 
Yeah I'm On It, 
Yeah I'm On It, 
Yeah I'm On it. 
 
Aye these niggahs Ain't on it Like That 
Dirty money, wired, tap and all my bitches count. Racks 
We be in the club blowing on the kush pack, 
Popping bottles with my niggahs tell lil mamma, bring it back. 
 
Aye these niggahs Ain't on it Like That 
Dirty money, wiretap and all my bitches count. Racks 
We be in the club blowing on the kush pack. 
Popping bottles with my niggahs tell lil mamma bring it back. 
 
I Tell Lil mamma bring iiiiitttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt 
 
I Tell Lil mamma bring iiiiitttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt 
 
Well. If you on it bring it Backkkk 
 
Walk around the club, Stunt'n like ball 
Money money money make these bitches fall out. 
Me and stunt man did the rain dance whoa. That'S a hundred thous 
Blowing on PB supreme gas prices, stinking up the crowd, wow 
, 
Switch, Floz, Ill-O, Ivo Heedi, Blacc and Lotto G 
Got, racks on top of racks, is like we hit the lottery, 
Im dress in all black, a homicide, robbery; 
Ain't, no cuff'n in The club I ask her why she ice'n me 
 
I, told her Freeze. Please take a picture cheese 
Mommie on patron Im on that O.E. 18 
Jose Cuervo ivanabitch, with a little ciroc and sprite white Hennessy 
Foreign rides all these foreign broads on me tell a bitch. Bring it back, like
ven aquí, 
 
Aye. These niggahs Ain't got no racks, 
Money wiretap man, they say I count. Rats 
We be in the club blowing on the kush pack. 
Popping bottles with my niggahs tell lil mamma bring it back. 
 
I Tell Lil mamma bring iiiiitttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt 
 
I Tell Lil mamma bring iiiiitttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttttt 
 
Well. If you on it bring it Backkkk 
 
I been had a check paper cuts yeah Im on it 
Got to grind like strippers, so you know Im on it. 
Got work for a hater tell em fill out an app 
Oh. You just cop that. Well we been up on it. 
 
This fresh success, 
Being broke ain't, a option I refuse to be on it 
Had to hop off that cause yo ass up on it, 
Grave em, a dose of the swag. Now they all up on it, 
 
 this the motto for my people: 
We flip. It like c notes cause. I match it like bingo 
, Im sticking to my g-code 
So blue up. Like my prmo. They checking out my lingo 
 
Cause Im fresh up Cleaned up 
If. She ain't down to get down 
Hasta luego, all my bills be paid for 
Yeah. They claim they on it, but we dont really think so. Yurrr 
 
