Yesterday' Gone Lyrics
by Swerve.


One two: they don't see my pain used to have a decent job till they stole my
pay 

Tried to run a little oxy. I was making cash then, but then the pan flipped man 
All, my homies started fiending hollow lint, tin, foil 
And. To top it off. I think my girls leaving and she been loyal, 
Guess its just a hard days, work in the midst of all these evil people 
Tried to tone it down, become a pot dealer. 
Got, robbed, guess: thats, not the way that I topped either 
Quit slanging, but about a week later got caught smoking on reefer 
Then. They found this old text put me up in holding up in GP 
But, I swore to God I'd quit. If they just release me 
Next week, I was back up on them: streets, geez 
What. You think I wasn't gon na eat. Please 

Fuck these police. These crooked motherfuckers wan na see us all deceased 
Talk about us like we are the scum of these streets 
But. I don't even see what they mean, I'm just trying to get some food for my
seed 
Shit, maybe just a shoes for they feet it ain't cheep these days, 
Cost a grip just for groceries these days and not to mention rent 
If. I wan na read these days: got ta pay, PG and E, so I can see each page 
What. The fuck you gon' tell me these days. Can I live 
Nobody's out buying cd's these days? So if you wonder why ya'll ain't see me
these days, 
Shit thats, just the way it be these days, Swerve 
, 
Yesterday's gone tomorrow is too 
And. It'S a hard road, but we gon' fight our way through 
Said. We gon' fight our way through said we gon fight our way through 

 Searching for I found that we all lost 
The little homie rolled up on me with that sawed off 
Anything, not made of steel, was getting sawed off 
UPS-ing fedexingme u-hauled off 
In that ghetto Trance dance with the devils dance, 
Fully automatic loaded metal in the metal lands. 
I would never meddle with 
Taught to mind my own biz killed my body, but my soul lived 
I was probably off 39 street with the dirty 9 
Couples of bodies on it tried to sell it. Don'T nobody want it? 
Word to Jay-O Mama said a nigga need a J.O.B. 
Mommy. They owe me for poetic contribution. 
Nah. I never read the constitution. I skimmed, through it 
Too much pain, to manage, find a blankas canvas and put the pen to it. 
You relate because you been through it. 
The blackest nights was my brighest afternoons 
And, maybe after school we can meet up at the park. Some of my friends, hooping 
My other niggas pulling triggers for they figures 
Fingers on the brink of death, 
Think how you figure that a nigga got a through process 
He. Never blink drink blood from the cup of the thug 
Forever breathe through some gangsta lungs 
Don't. Let the ghetto be your guide, 
You's, a fool! If you thinking that someones something you can't become 
Yo, I came up out the same slum still in the same slum been there since day
1 
Yo, my curfew was at 7, the sun setting signifies that the days done 
Yo when the pressure breaks bones. The now is forever and the yesterday's
gone 
Yo when the pressure breaks bones. The now is forever and the yesterday's
cloned 
It's Co $ $ 
 
Yesterday's gone tomorrow is too 
And it's a hard road, but we gon' fight our way through 
Said. We gon' fight our way. Through said, we gon fight our way through 
Said. We gon' fight our way through ... 
 
