Yonkers Lyrics
by Ruse.


You're listenin to Wyatt Chipman, the.
high edition.
I have risen, just did a line. I'm supplyin writtens.

The competition's locked in like convicts stocked in a prison.
My conviction's to convince em, toss me.
in with em.
Cause like a magician, I turn the opposition into victims.
With compositions. So positive about it,.
I got the cops suspicious.
I'm optimistic but the problem is my noggin isn't.
Cop a clinician, cause I've been on a mission to.
Drop bombs on these pissants and right.

Geometricians'll get pissed and I'll just sit and laugh like, ha, not my.
problem, is it?

Think I'm finished? I ain't close, just gettin started.
If you don't think I'm somethin special, you're just straight retarded.
Let's make a bargain, I'll be a peaceful jerk.
If you agree that I'm an artist and you're a piece of work.
Think you're hard? You got it backwards like bees and birds.
I'll bang ya up and then bang your mom so you're reimbursed.
It wouldn't be the first time. We've done a lot to say.
The least but she's mad at me. Last time I forgot to pay.
I'm actually not okay. I just pocket the pain.
Cause I don't got a thing to complain about. I was made this way.
Naturally depressed but happily upset.
I'm a walkin paradox peerin off the frickin edge.
Still suicidal? I am.
I'm Wyatt, somebody put a giant hole in my head.
If you could see my thoughts, you'd see I'm better off dead.
Someone fill this void with lead.
You're turnin heads. I'm snappin necks; listeners are masochists.
No words to describe what happens next; not an adjective.
I don't care if I am mean. The ends justify the means.
Hate a dick but love privacy. Oh, my hypocrisy.
I need a lobotomy. Idolize the God in me.
Till he gets taken out and I start rappin bout some house party.
Maybe rap'll count on me if I just join that flock of sheep.
They all put hip hop to sleep. I am it's wet dream.

I'll become a pornstar just for the fuck of it.
And find a couple chicks with four golden arches; I'm lovin it.
Wait, no. What am I sayin? I know I hate those.
Rappers on the radio talkin bout how they bang hoes.
But they the ones with the great payroll. Maybe I should change the flow.
Deflate the wordplay, inflate my ego, and.
Rap about makin dough. Maybe then the fanbase'll grow.
But that just ain't me though. I guess I'll never make it, no.
Screw it. Hell, if I did, I'd ruin it for myself.
In interviews, they'd realize I'm stupid.
My only talent is music. Other than that, I'm useless.
But nobody seems to give a damn when I release some new shit.
Afraid I can only do this privately, not live. Ya see.
I always get the shakes and a bad case of anxiety.
I ain't in this for the fame or the wealth.
I just want someone to love cause I hate myself.

