You Don't Understand Lyrics
by Questionmark Asylum.


You don't understand is that I'm so sick and tired.
Walking all day cause I ain't got a ride.
Counting my money, I'm down to my last ten.
You don't understand is that you can't win.

I got ulcers in belly and my brain I got tumors.
My neighbors are so nosey they proceed to spread rumors.
Like Ros smoked that shit..
He fucked that sick bitch..
Why should I care when there's blood on my stairs.
I get down on my knees as I proceed to say my prayers.
Like, Kill my landlord, Lord kill my landlord..
Trying to claim every single thing I raise my hands swollen.
And if I die was my life all in vein?
Is money really power is fame really pain, it's a shame.
I know I need to get my life together.
But it takes money just to make money and I got none.
Coming up on the rough side of the mountain.

Is I the only one? Why don't somebody let me know?
I'm tired of hanging around, I can't get through the front do'.
You know I gotta be outtie but I can't win.
Living here ain't too tight.
Now-a-days mama don't wanna talk mama just wanna fight.
It's stressing, I'm hoping God will send a blessing.
And save me from these people down here.
That's constantly testing.
My patience, why I gotta hear the madness?
And niggas up my street be rolling love in the Lexus.
Oh yes I see 'em all the time.
As I walk my destination they roll by with a peace sign.
A phony smile they shine.
Uh huh I know they laughing at me.
Rolling with some tricks that probably say that I look tacky.

They keep raising it!
I thought I was making hits in the basement.
At least me and Digge think so.
But every time we represent somebody always gotta get technical.

If there's a cure for this.
You know I want it, I want it.
If there's a cure for this.
You know I need it, got to have it.

I'm just another have not of the crab pot.
But tell me who really gives a damn about this shell of a man?

From the bowels of the foul I'll howl at the moon.
Wearing other people's clothes I stole from the laundry room.
If it's a curse tell me who put the root on the Q.
As if ya never knew.
See when sights in the city make me bitter.
Neighbors frighten and bicker.
So I bow my head and say grace for the liquor.
Then I stagger to the porch lighting up a Newport.

In a dirty tank top, sweat running from my scalp.
Niggas look me up and down like, What's this bammer all about?
I'm out, six in the morning, yawning on my way to work.
And if nobody do not move, nobody won't get hurt.
Flirt with fate, get me stuck by luck.
It's the Curse Of The Q so now you know what's up.

See somebody tell me is I the only one?
Walking around town like my shoes weigh a ton.
I'm trying to get paid but where do I begin?
They always want experience so I just give on in.
Even when I talk to chicks they try to mack me.
They probably were the ones that sent them guys up to jack me.
Attack me.
I'll probably do the same thing.
Plus I could get my car if I stole your watch and your gold ring.

Fuck cleaning a latrine when my dream is all caught in between.
A rock and a hard place.

