You Ain't Ready Lyrics
by The Wreckshop Family.

Lock and load: let's go nigga ..., 
, 
You ain't, ready; nigga! You ain't, ready, nigga, 
You ain't ready! You don't know where you headed nigga, 
You ain't, ready, nigga! You ain't, ready fool; 
You ain't, ready, nigga dog. We bout to take you 
 
D-Gotti 
Niggas get killed over bullshit 
Me, I'm riding one deep up on them: thangs, so I'ma pull quick dog 
I'm a nigga out the gutter that ain't never had. Shit, 
Baby bounce to the B-I, be back move bricks, 
Pulling all nighters. With the hood hitting licks 
Whether this that man, your dog, getting rich 
These chicks, need they bills paid so where the ballers at 
I'm, just a nigga out the gutter trying to get off some crack 
This to my strippers and my pussy poppers get money boo. Don'T let nothing
stop ya 
Head doctors break a nigga off proper mixing in like you in a opera, 
Papa was a playa fool inhale crack smoke, 

Whoa the streets bout to see me for real 
I hope you ready for your present dog. The gift is here: 
 
A3 
Niggas jump fly with that funny, bullshit 
But, you better hit the deck when the K start to spit 
Like up the boulevard. I ain't playing no games 
Me and my niggas bout to bang your brains. 
I love these streets. I eat these streets 
When the streets get cold. I heat these streets 
Move out the way when that thang start to stutter 
Or find yourself sleeping with the rats in the gutter 
Don't play with me dog. I ain't no toy 
Don't play with me dog. I ain't! No boy 
Get me mixed up in this rap shit. What 
I'ma show you how I cock back and cut 
Burn your ass to the dirty third degree, 
You, better ask J.B. nigga, leave us be 
I, got the homie D-Reck, the boy ain't tripping 

It's like mirror mirror on the wall. 
Who is the gutterest of them all. 
Wreckshop trend setters and see this how it be 
It's the Tanker slash captain so niggas follow me: 
 
Craig G, 
Y'all, motherfucking, niggas ain't, ready, 
I'm gripping the Glock. I lick shots, leave em sizzling hot 
Guard, your grill, we be rushing em slugs, be busting em, 
Picking em off with the sawed off bucks, touching em 
I'm, a hood cat straight from the gutter. That'S the hood black 
On point precise, bringing the spice with a hood gat 
Leaving em flat, my adrenaline rushing 
Ready to bust back. It continue when busting 
Issue, concussions and flesh wounds, bitch niggas, get wet fool, 
You jump out of line you gon get hit with that tech. Fool 
I, bet ya. This motherfucking slug'll catch ya. 
And heat your ass up like a black and decker 
Test, a young nigga with that funny, bullshit 
Leave, you flat on your back in front of the bull pit. 
Full clip you niggas ain't, ready for G 
Get out my zone, cause you bitches ain't better than me. 
 
