You'll Never Be Better Than Me (I'm That Shit) Lyrics
by Queen Pen.


You dogs, wan na know the life I live. 
You dogs wan na see the things I did 
So much in this world. Is this shit 
It's just shit just full of this 
 
Queen Pen, 
Check it on some down and dirty shit Crown Height shit 
Is. You life thugged out Benji style, shit 
While, you wan na front on your white style, shit 
Praisin, all your dough on some real bullshit 
I cops the high rent on land, bitch, 
Without, being platinum. That'S that smart guy shit 
You talk about keys, but never flip. Wiz! Kid 
The, first to cop a pleed. That'S that real hot shit, 
Can't pick or choose wit, click you wan na run with 
On the up and up. That'S that real crab shit, 
Poppin mad shit on that mix, tape, shit 
But when it's time to face a heat. You on that other type, shit, 
I, know what I did. What I seen where I been 
While you capitalize of this life, you done lived 
If, you ask me, that's some real bullshit 
Record called me. Suppin me up fake artist. Shit 
 
You will never be better than me. 
See you much too smart to me. 
You will never be better than me. 
See you much too smart to me. 
 
Queen Pen, 
Talkin about a life that you know. You never lived 
You a studio, gangsta phony artist, shit, 
Poppin, twenty bottles, but never leave bid 
That's that show off big trick: shit, 
Makin trips, outta town. I got ta survive type shit 
Cashin in my stamps. To make the ends meet shit 
How do my niggas dose on some real legal shit 
On the low? That'S that real have your back type shit 
Stickin around with your baby, daddy down in the shit 
That's the daily life. We live straight strugglin type, shit, 
, Wan na be with your don on some Mark Pitts shit 
Fuckin around wit. My click get that face: lift shit; 
On your Ms. locked down you outta bail, type, shit, 
You, a snitchin, ass punk. On that deep cover, shit, 
Never, nigga, 
, 
Queen Pen 
We gets down for I's on some ghetto star shit: 
'87 ,'99. We was legendary chip, chicks, 
On, I-95 pushin, big boy, whips, 
Six bricks in the trunk. That'S that Braveheart shit 
We done done. It lived, it wit. You still talkin shit, 
And, see a life thru, your click! That'S the fraudulent shit 
On some flippin! Now shit gettin money, typed shit, 
Smokin, purple haze every day, every night, shit, 
Bitches, holdin grunges on that childish, type, shit 
And. When the dough get low, tell me where your click is 
We: roll 50. Deep on that war, type shit 
Hittas in the trunk! That'S that real life shit 
First trip around on some lesson: earth shit 
But. This trip around strictly QB shit, 
Bystorm shit, some more real shit, 
Up in ya, face stronjay type, shit ha 
, 
I'm that shit you that shit 
Everybody gon na wan na rock my shit, 
 
