You
by Ruff Ryders.


You, me, and she.
What we gonna do.
Baby, baby.

I did it to myself, couldn't help the way I felt about him.
Sick when he wasn't there, like I never delt without him.
Played the fool by choice, all I had was this man.
Letem have the best of both worlds cause it was his clan.
All the things I wanted to hear, he told me gently.
Whatever it was, wanted nuthin, gave me plenty.
Told me that he split with this chick but couldn't shake her.
Cause she had his kids, so he fed her with this paper.
First it started off like that, dough for closure.
Started slackin off, in fact it wasn't over.
Now my world is crumblin down, I'm fealin shake-e.
Used to be a superwoman, no bitch could replace me.
Wanted him to leave me alone, but I was caught up.
Thought I was strong, broke down, when braking up was brought up.
Tried to really ryde with this dude I thought I loved him.
And every time I asked what I should do, he said trust him.

You, me, and she.
What we gonna do.
Baby, baby.

You, me, and she.
What we gonna do.
Baby , baby.

To hate, I must be crazy, feeding hI'm the bullshit.
Attitudes and tryin to hold out that shit was useless.
The more I tried to back up, the more he kept comin.
Lie after lie, shit, lieing wasn't nuthin.
Tear after tear come down, tellin me to be cool.
All I need is you baby, nobody could be you.
Believed him, he decieved me, just to keep me.
Callin me from her spots, sayin how he need me.
I had to step back, he got me stressed out.
This ain't what I planned, thought I had my life sketched out.
Huh, I guess not, love me to hurt me.
Hurt me to make-up, then make-up to desert me.

Back and forth with the he said, he said got me dizzy.
If I leave, know the routine, he beg cause he miss me.
Too late, cause you had me, lost me, daddy move on.
Boss-bitch, no more floss, nigga I'm gone.
Arguements for hours me and her comparing notes and.
After all the screamin stop, we comparing quotes.
You got sloppy thoughts, you was that nigga let me catch you.
Heart didn't hurt till I covered up your tattoo.
My statue, on a pedestal, every breath too.
Never new the worst till you felt what the best do.
And I'm that, its over now, hope I stressed you.
But Niggas only do it when you lie, when I let you...

