Young Gohan  Headvoices Cut-Scene Lyrics
by Swych.


When I go on, I rip 16's.
Young Gohan, R-I-P 16.

I turn the visor on my hat to the past, put my pants on one leg at a time.
I even have to just like you.
Man I even hit the drive-thru, and buy 2.
McDoubles a small fry too.

learned.
Is you could search the Earth but ain't nothing truly perfect.
Look at life through the eyes of Lesane Crooks.
We all just writing different stories in the same book.
Judge me by the words, not how the page look.
It's a way of life, but how the grave look?
Hard and cold, life or death see the pain mook?
It's a vicious circle, that's word to Dane Cook.
So explore my mind like Metroid Prime.
Or Ocarina of Time and you'll find.
I'm only human.

I ain't perfect.
I'm only human y'all.
I ain't perfect.
Nah, I ain't perfect, nobody walking this Earth's surface is.
But I'm working pretty good with what I got.
Focusing on what I am instead of what I'm not.
And treating every moment like my last shot.

I had a dream last night, blonde bombs and palm trees.
Hater blockers, a million dollars in arms reach.
Woke up in a push-button Bugatti.
Next to Ariana Grande asking me pass her the car keys.
I turn it on just to start the record, I start to wreck it.
It turns her on, she cling on to my arm, Star Trek.
I'm a nerd yes, and then I woke up.
And I ain't blown up? Laying down? Broke? What?
Where's the love of my life? Where's the money?
I hate that I ain't in love with my life, ain't gettin' younger bruh.
But when I go on, I rip 16's.
Young Gohan, R-I-P 16.
Young go hard no matter the set-ting.
So young gon' shine no matter the ligh-ting.
Some just hate me, some just like me.
But we got the same chance as getting struck by lightning.
I'm only human ya'll.

I'm here, screaming at the top of my lungs.
Until my hair stands up, all golden and such.
And it sucks.
Because the world treats me the way that these girls treat me.
The weight of the world eats me away but the world needs me.
Yeah I said it the world needs me.
I stand for 'ery human being ever felt defeated.
I stand for every human being ever fell asleep.
I stand for every dream you've ever dreamed, I hope you see it.
Realest song you'll ever quote.
And the voices in my head go.

HeadVoices Cut-Scene.
*laughs*.
).

