Young and Free Lyrics
by RuMeal.

Waddup,.... folk.
MILLIMEAL!!!!

Young and free, living large.
I do what I want &amp; bet I want it all.
I do what I want &amp; bet I want it all.
Young and free, living large.

As a kid they told me I'd never be shit, so I said fuck them all homie I'm a.
do me.
I want an old school car, 24 inch rims I can ball like I never lost a hoop.
dream.
Hop out dripped &amp; draped in the vanities, I hope a nigga never do me like.
Kennedy.
But when it's all said &amp; done &amp; we're all dead &amp; gone only thing.
left behind is a memory.
Fuck that, man I'm tryna get rich, spend it all can't take it to my grave.
They say that cash rules everything around me, that's why a young nigga tryna.
get paid.
Still the same nigga, never gonna change up, brought my niggas with me if you.
ever though I came up.
All we know is that the money be the mission, so we're all out here looking.
like Donald Trump.
Got them looking like who that there?, the only thing you need to know is do.
not stare.
I know a lot of people that just can not stand me, if I got a grammy they.
still won't chair.
Everywhere I go, man these girls confusing, they're with their boyfriends but.
they still be choosing.
He catch her slipping &amp; she claims she loves him but she smiles at me as.
if she can't refuse it.
Now days feel I can't do wrong, me &amp; my niggas pass strong back &amp;.
forth like ping pong.
Every rhyme that I write, it's a line from my life, you can say all my tracks.
are my theme songs.
You say your life is weird, well shit my life is rare.
I be staring at the real on the rise every time that I look up in the mirror.

X2.

Young and free, living large, I do what I want &amp; bet I want it all.
Expensive clothes, expensive cars, a couple foreign girls that want to have a.
minaj.
I swear that life is so amazing so that's that life I'm surely chasing.
Cause right now my life like every local city hoodrat, SIKE! it's far from.
basic.
Wake up, roll up, spark up, smoke up, everyday feels like I hit the lotto.
If I ain't got henny then I grab me a sprite &amp; I drop a mix drip in a.
bottle.
You ain't talking money then we gon' need some translation.
&amp; women only get my interest with asian persuasion.
Look at me I'm tryna make some millions out the nation.
They say my time is coming I'm just tired of being patient.
Cause motherfuckers blind to the facts that a nigga like me go hard on these.
tracks.
Then complain that these niggas in the game can't rap that's because y'all.
keep putting on these niggas that's wack.
I'm just doing what I'm supposed to do, I let these other lame niggas sing the.
blues.
I was always taught to keep it real &amp; true, if you don't fuck with me then.
I don't fuck with you.
While they brag bout how they get these ratchet hoes naked.
I thought it's best I keep it a hunnid I ain't no imitation.

X2.

