Z-Mutiny (dirty) Lyrics
by Z-Man.

Z-Man.
I don't think so rellie.
Z-dazzle, goin' mutiny.
Don't y'all get in his way.
Whassup man.
He's lethal, bustin through people.
Get the fuck up out of his way.

Z-Man.
Give me that motherfuckin black n mild.
So I can break it in half.
And shove it up your ass.
With a genuine draft.
And ride off on a giraffe.
Till its legs is broke.
Sit alongside of the bay and watch those legs float.
Wit' a message in a bottle but instead its a rap.
You tryna battle?
Receive this one and float me one back.
You thinkin too slow, you got peanut butter for brains.
My brain look like terrain wit' airplane stains and it don't stop.
'til my veins poesy strange.
I'm always in your pockets, my name is spare change.
No tattoos, my skin is too, pretty for that shit.
My permanent paint job and california accent is catchy.
The flow is like jumpin onboard.
There ain't enough o's in smooth to describe the art.
A frisco vet, please don't give me an acapela.
I'll explode like a seagull that swallowed and alka-seltzer.
And touch anything beauty queen, I might behave.
You can stick your newborn inside the microwave.
Cause I'm afraid it might grow up to be the shit.
And right now, I'm satellite and I refuse to quit.

Z-dazzle goin' mutiny.
Don't y'all get in his way.
You know I'm sayin.
He's lethal bustin through people.
Get the fuck up out of his way.
Whassup man.

Z-Man.
Never tuckin' chains, duckin' flames.
Go ahead and bust, your freestyle sucks.
I ain't buyin' you lunch plus.
Me and - the only project cats you kick it with.
Yea you are what you eat and you eatin chicken shit.
Call me the last letter  full of anthrax.
Relaxed on a bed of thumbtacks.
Here to catch these halos.
Fallin outa heaven I'm collectin by the box though.
Cut the circle and then stretch 'em, errrie.
Sharpen up the edges and sell 'em as horns.
To anybody rappin, so the cycle goes on.
I'm in your project, pissin on your bellbottoms.
Helss got 'em 20 below, in the chokehold.
\- - -, don't you tell on em, memorize your freestyle trick.
I need a new drug to help me forget you exist.
You was crooked as I and I'm fly, I might fall out the sky.
And so high, full on heron, I might just die.
Keepin it natural, pushin sheep, wine out the pisshole.
And never do a show wit'out a bottle of cisco.
Catch me, I'm mutiny.
Lookin serious writing these lyrics.
About rappers and dead bodies, I'm holdin they spirits.
Waitin on payment.

Z-Man.
Hangin the wax, relaxin is not on the agenda.
You can tell what the eat jack its on the antenna.
Not even trippin, you do a lot of squashin and squishin.
The ghost of every roach still haunts your kitchen.
Ooh shit, shoulda been on lyricist lounge.
But no, you cats is stuck in the tree afraid to get down wit' z.
Scrapin' off your makeup bro.
You don't need caffine, I'm the wakeup show.
Without the sways and the techs, I'm respected on beats.
I used to be stiff on a beat now I'm sick on a beat.
Recording at elon's, call it the 12th planet.
Moss laced the track and I'm z-dazzle god damnit.

