Zhu - Faded (Re-prod by ZAGOR) Lyrics
by The Yung Fusion.


Prom night way back in June.
My niggas we met up that late afternoon.
Hotel room with the games and the food -.
And chicks next door never played by the rules.
Be I the coolest, suite life of Fusion.
Roll through the lobby, i'm suited in Zues.
Be I the movement, we live a movie.

Party at 7 we rolled up at 9.
Sharpest of shooters we roll up with nines and knives.
Dressing to kill all these nigga.
360 scope and drop bills on this niggas.
Nah i'm just playing I'm focused on vibin'.
Came here to chill with my homies and goddess.
Goddess went missing, my homies are high.
Niggas out here be to focused on violence.
Party just started i'm feeling the music.
Doing my dance if you feeling it do it.
Bumping and grinding with girls I don't know.
All I do know is she's feeling the Fusion.
Any pretty face I grab em and go.
Run up in this ish' like a nigga loco.
You would swear everybody out here in love....
With the coco - i'm faded.

Baby, i'm wasted.
All I wanna do Is drive home to you baby.
I'm wasted.
All I wanna do Is drive home to you baby.

We had 2 proms, one night.
Rolling to the next with a bomb type.
In a sea-green dress like she's Salt Life.
Black shark sharp like I'm off white.
Young nigga party I could do this every fortnight.
Step into the venue with fork like.
You can bring your girl on a platter to the boss like.
Nigga imma a dog! even my barks bite.
Know that you know if you play you get dropped like.
Know that you know I'm the man.
I Know what you know I'm the knowledge gain.
I'm be in the block, shotgun hot cause a nigga chug shots like *Glock-Glock-.
Glock*.
I'm high off this music, DJ dealer.
Dropping that bass the ceiling can feel her.
The party shut down.
5-0 just roll up.
Looking for a nigga but my face in the photo.
Don't know how it happened but we all dipped out.
Back to hotel everybody tripped out.
Made our way to the pool, some at the beach.
I am amazed I made it to sleep.
Half of the party just doing them rounds.
But I was not there, Bruce in clouds nigga i'm faded.

Baby I'm wasted.
All I wanna do is drive home to you.
Baby I'm wasted.
All I wanna do is drive home to you.
Baby I'm faded.
All I wanna do is take you downtown.
Baby I'm wasted.
All I wanna do is drive home to you.
Baby.

