~★Throw Sum Mo★[(ReMiX)]~ Lyrics
by Yung Trae.


Ass fat yeah, I know 
You just got cash Blow, some mo 
Blow sum mo blow some mo 
The more. You spend it the fast it go. 
Bad bitches on the floor, 
It's rainin hundred's, throw sum mo 
Throw. Some mo throw some mo, throw some mo 
 
Hi. Bye hater, I flood the club with paper. 
Shorty got a ass some for now, some for later 
Somethin, like Nicki's dancin, like Maliah, 
I'm throwin. All this money, I'mma fuck around and buy her 
I, can flick the money all night til. My wrist tired, 
If, you put in work this the night you gon, retire 
You, a bad bitch. I ain't, even gon, deny her 
She told me, throw that money. I said make it worth my while 
I'm bout to empty out the ATM 
She doin tricks that make a nigga wan na spend 
Girl. You know you got me fascinated: 
Just keep on dancin''til, I'm outta paper, 
, 
Franklin's rainin on your body, 
Rainin on your body, rainin on your body, 
Won't, you do what I say start rubbin on your body. 
You like hundred's on your body girl. You need to get naughty 
Hold up hold on her eyes on me. Is that your ho 
If so I'mma get her fore. The nights over 
DJ play my shit, so I'm finna crank up off in the VIP zone. 
See the money go up and she dance on sight. 
By the end of the night she on endo 
 Lem me see you make it clap on tempo. 
 Lem me see you get low like limbo, 
 
Come in ho mistletoe. I got birdies crows 
Flip it a bit wan na jump on the dick 
I'm like bool. Let'S get it, let's get it 
I got these bitches kissin on these bitches 
I can't even count'em I fuck by the digits 
Swag terrific. I might fuck that bitch in the kitchen, 
Baby don't use dirty dishes, or else you might whip up a BURRRR 
My neck. My wrists is a BURRRR 
She wan na fuck, my dogs, I'm like woof 
Panoramic roof. I drop the coupe BOO 
Pulled up with a bitch. She look like New New 
It's. Okay. If I lie to you bitch my swag's, the truth 
Hey, she come right back, like em divers, do 
Fifty thousand off fifty niggas, no caliber 
 
Step in take everything relevant, don't care if you're benevolent 
Or, you may never land! Well, it is clear and evident 
We roll in, like the president, lock down the whole district, 
Then steal every resident and, given them democracy, 
With the Axe. That'S sharp make sure that thing is permanent 
Have to get what I have to get me. Don'T care. Everything is hard to get 
I come take and then calculate then do something: immaculate 
Look pon de wall, 
Check pon de right 
Listen to thunder 
Look at the lightn'ng 
We came here for all or nothing at all. That is the way of the viking
 
