#FFF Lyrics
by Rumor.


Fans friends and followers Fans, friends and followers, 
Fans friends and followers 
Hash tag triple-f. You know the business 
Fans friends and followers Fans, friends and followers 
Fans friends and followers Fans, friends and followers, 
Fans friends and followers Fans, friends and followers, 
Fans friends and followers Fans, friends and followers. 
 
Yeah Been a long ride. Nothing like that limousine 
So. I gave'em jams and they gave me their bread ever since 
Ow man, I'm like bro man, I'm just trying to get some sammiches 
Nobody's gon. Stop me no martin, no nemesis 
Maybe. I have to re-iterate my speech. 
Y'All just chill. Y'All should take your seats. 
I braced myself for the game. You can check my teeth, 
I, don't kiss toes. I will never taste defeat. 
My dream's, tryna elude me. I'M making sure I follow her. 
I'M gon get my Juice, not those ones who wear the yarmulke. 
Who say this is deep man I'll tell'em. This is shallower, 
I'm, hollering, hello to the fans, friends and followers. 
I am in my zone, and this is all I ever hear. 
They say: Rumor, you too hot get the hell up. Outta here 
You can keep watching the throne. While I make one out of a chair. 
I tell you. This is my time, so you can all watch me this year. 
Never followed the rules I hit below the belt 
Ironically. If you swallow your pride, you'll never be full of yourself
 
You can all follow. My steps you'll see that I'm moving in stealth 
You call life a female dog. I never once did hear her yelp 
I'm a light to the darkness. In case you didn't notice 
And. I let it shine before men, so you can see the roaches 
This is not a gimmick or some sort of hocus-pocus 
Man. I'M tryna make a difference as the end fast approaches. 
 
You are why I do it 
I do it. I do it 
I do it. I do it 
Hash tag triple-f, you know the business 
, 
Rumor, 
, 
You, know what I'm saying. 
You know we ain't playing 
Man, I put my heart in so it's not just entertainment 
I'm on the road to success. I see Y'all on the pavement. 
I'Ve been underground for so long. I feel like a cavemen 
 
