'97 Till Infinity Lyrics
by Antonym.

'97 TILL INFINITY, 
 
'97 Til Infinity 
I strive for who I intend to be 
Unlike, these other rappers they're, just Anions 
Negative Energy 
I'm, not about vibes that collide 
Kill, you, if you kill mine, see you on the other side 
Maybe by then you'll know the truth. 
You putting AK47's to the culture like its a hostage 
One, more song, bout money and pussy bitch I'da lost it 
Filled up the bathtub with the cold fosset 
And. I ain't dissing. Anybody, that's great 
Its. Just that copy pasting copy cats is something I can't relate to 
And. Meanwhile, I'm doing it, my own way got my own flow. 
My own beats my own heat, I'm making way for a new day, 
Fell in love with music, since the cassette 
It's Antonym to all ya'll. Don'T you ever forget: 
 
If, you make a million chances, are you'll make another 
In these hard times grip hard to your mother 
Cuz. You can get it all and then loose it all back! 
Since 97, I been on my attack mode 
 
97 til death til. The grave full 
Til then cut off loose ends. Don'T get tangled 
Reposition the angle of my sniper 
Kill, all these blonde bitches taking shots and being hyper 
Hipster rappers rapping of their fucking typewriters 
“I, wear super skinny jeans and my rhymes are even tighter” 
Not to many find the jewels in the ground. 
Truffle. Finding dogs? Don'T bite If I'da eaten my veggies 
And drank my soup. Imagine the height I'd be at 
I. Coulda, robbed the robbers who robed me in a fight and I'd win that 
Lookin for luck, good wheel of fortune, fuckin right. I spin that 
I win that spin spin get dizzy room with no corners 
Neighbours lookin at us, like a bunch of foreigners 
Cross the border of my mind, state thats, 51 
Smuggling illegal thoughts make it over then see me run 
 
97 Til tomorrow afternoon. 
Monkey does tricks so clap for the baboon 
Who knows if the moon gon na fall 
Keep a clip striped for the tip off in my drawls 
Draw drew sketches of my dreams, 
Robot mobs with laser beams. I keep the taser clean 
Til. The major sees me 
How. Could you not feel the beats that I produce 
How? Can you say the opposite of what you conclude 
We, so fucked up, leaning too obtuse 
From. My angle, they messed up 
Actors getting dressed up. 
Easy rappers is something we need less of 
You. Look like a compilation of best of's 
Americas home video laugh at em go ahead. While I try 
 
