'Bout It Lyrics
by Yung Joc.

{ *whispered Shhhh ... Kwame did it* } 
 
Yuh y'all know what it is: 
It's your homey Yung Joc man, 
Block Entertainment, 
Bad Boy, South 
Ay, Kwame, 
You, hear'em, fizzle boy. Let'S go 
Step up, 
 
You think you know me, but you have no idea. 
Act, like you'bout it well, let me put this in yo' ear: 
If, you really'bout it do it like a boss, like you, don't care, 
If you'bout it. I don't doubt it 
Show me that you sho' nuff'bout it ,'bout it 
 
Yung, Joc, 
I get mine off top cause a hustler. Don'T stop 
If your girl, don't chew! Then my name, ain't, Joc, 
The money. Don'T flip! Then the block ain't, hot 
If. She don't scream your name, then your game just shot 
I got ta couple reasons you can call me. The boss, 
I'll drop a couple stacks and watch your ass, get lost, 
Now Joc, a real bet, shorty best believe that 
If you ain't ride or die, bring them car keys back 
Take your foot off the brake baby gon' ride out 
If them suckers wan na hate, Put'Em in time out, 
I get that cake and you'll soon find out 
If you ever cross me you'll, get crossed out 
 
Interlude, 3LW 
I've, seen it before, and I'm runnin no more 
Come and catch up with me. Baby. Don'T stop 
Get to the floor. What'Chu waitin! For 
Cause we can ride the beat straight to the top 
You waitin too long, and now it's my time, 
To show'em, all that it's not a game 
Cause, I don't care what I'm lookin like I just got. Ta show you that 
I'm not goin, no-where, 
, 
Yung, Joc 
I'ma get rich or I'ma die. Tryin 
I ain't 50 Cent, but respect my mind 
Respect. My gangster respect my shine 
Put, your click in check. If you step outta line, 
I ain't Kanye, but I been Through the Wire 
Couple mo' albums befo', I retire 
Most of these rappers ain't nuttin, but liars 
Holla'bout. They killers when they sing in the choir 
Straight from the bottom and I'm tryin to get higher 
Too. Many strikes got too many priors 
Messin with us, like playin, with fire 
Get your wig split time to meet your messiah 
 
Interlude 
 
3LW 
Oooooh. Now I've been walkin up this road 
Tryin to find which way to go 
Frown upon my face 
Sometimes, it seems, like I don't know 
Now. I got a chance to touch what seems right to me: 
And the answer's right in front of me, 
Yeah yeah, yeah 
Yes. It is yeah~ 
, 
