0 To 100 (Remix) Lyrics
by X.

I went from zero problems to like a hundred real quick 
I went from zero haters to a like hundred. I make'em feel sick. 
I went from zero hoes to like a hundred. I got an ill. Chick 
I got a drill, dick -with aids, but i bet that she'll still lick 
That hoe knows how to make a mill quick, 
Like a bitch on the cookin' channel'n, i'm bawlin' harder than you so guess
which of us. She will pick 
But anyways, let's get into some real shit: 
 
I'm makin', a name off of'''bein' insane'n maimin', bitches, 
'n keepin', it real'''even when gainin' fame'n riches, 
 
My latent skill as an artist shows prominently. 
I have the most blatent illest'n hardest flows, dominantly 
 
Crushin'. All my competition, i'm the truest realest'n straightest M.C
breathin' today, 
Among the fewest illest'n greatest M.V.P'''s in a way 
 
The shit, i spit, is so real you'd swear. 2Pac'S ghost was writin' for me. 
The way, i mortify all these artists, which glorify fake shit, that're, trite'n
corny, 
 
I, will slaughter you 
'n by the time. I finish, it'll be a miracle. If you still got a crew, 
I saw your album's songs on itunes'n said: fuck it'n bought a few 
'n. Since i listened to the crap, i've wanted to take away everything you had
everytime i've thought of you 
 
Cause. When real motherfuckers look at me, they see a beast, but I ain't a mammal
though 
When real motherfuckers. Look at you. They see you'repussy like a
cameltoe, 
 
These, real motherfuckers feel you on zero to a hundred ratio. 
You ain't dope just cause your whack shit's gettin' played on the fuckin'
radio 
 
It's funny how you fake bitches brag about startin' at the bottom'n makin' it
to, the top in success with tons of fans cause you got'em to know. You, though, 
We all know the real motherfuckers stay underground at the bottom, below you
so, 
, 
You, think you're better than us in skill 
Cause. You got more cheddar than us'n still- 
 
Talk about the same bullshit like 
I got cars like i got shoes in a shoe box 
One for every day of the week in seperate garages with new locks, 
I'm a thug'till, i die livin' a life like 2Pac's 
My, Dick'S, so big bitches got ta jerk it off with two hands like i got, two
cocks 
 
I'ma come to your club'n. When i cum in this hoe, i don't need no permission. -
 
I, don't knock on the doors i just come through, like an emission 
I'm. The life of the party i came in this bitch to kill it 
I'ma bust in this pussy and all you bitches'gone, feel it 
 
I've been as sick as the flu, but i'm still flyin' 
You haters are gettin' mad cause. All i do is bawl and i'm still cryin' 
I've been in this game, killin' it and it's still dyin' 
If. I say i'm not the king of the jungle bitch, i'm still lion. 
 
This game's fixed like a bitch 
That's, been neutered, but she still loves dicks. Like a bitch, 
, 
Motherfuckers might ask me why i got on this song'n. Why i did it 
Well i had somethin' sick on the tip of my tongue'n. I had to try'n spit it. 
 
I just wanted to diss this faggot'n take his track- 
'n spit on it like eminem to prove. Drake is whack 
It's despicable, dawg you're, one of the fakest black- 
Artists i've ever seen, but i've heard of you, so- 
You, must be famous, but you're. Gon na regret that shit when i murder you
though 
 
And. A lot of fans of music in this society have been so deluded by music. Now
They, don't know what a true poet is 
'n. You real artists, like me, might not get noticed for your art cause of that
'n. That'S a fact'n. You know it is .
 
So i'ma spit the real shit cause you real motherfuckers relate to it'n feel
it 
I ain't gon na follow the footsteps of these fake artists just to gain fame'n
spit raps like they do, it'n kill it 
 
'n. I just wanted to get that shit off my chest. I didn't need to use some ill
bars, though i'm savin''em 
'n for these haters that wan na get somethin' off their ramen noodles i'm
microwavin''em 
 
Yeah, i'm savin''em like they're in danger, 
Real shit's extinct. Now the industry's never been stranger 
'n. All this pent up frustration i have is evokin' my anger. 
 
I have no desire to lie'n 
I'm tired of cryin' 
 
See bawlin' has a whole other meaning to me. This is how i feel when i'm too
despaired to cry 
At my own expense. I keep it real, i wouldn't dare to lie 
So to you, haters'n fake bitches. I suggest you look out for the next chapter
'n prepare to die. 
 
Yeah.. This shit was light. Seriously. Y'All are hella weak, mayn 
Oh. Well, I had fun wit it. X, out peace, 
 
0 to a 100 remixes of this ill shit, 
'n, not one of'em fuckin'. With this real shit, 
 
Remix this song, a hundreds times'n, be on the charts, toppin' 
'n. Once i get to a hundred it's too late to starts stoppin' 
Watch, all your hearts droppin' 
As soon, as your album starts, floppin' -
, 
