1 of 1 Lyrics
by Wordplay.


I'm made to get money, so that's why I'm 'bout.
it.
Underestimated, you done got a nigga.
started.
Tryna compete? You might as well just stop.
it.
Looking at my life like I'm just getting.
started.
Oooo, you looking at a 1 of 1.
Oooo, my future brighter than the sun.
Oooo, we blowing down a metric ton.
Oooo, and all this shit has just begun.

Excuse me, I had to take a smoke break.
I had to check my latest flake.
I'm talking 'bout that snowflake.
Moving white flakes all across the fucking country.
Yeah we smoking fucking tree, ain't a nigga higher than me.
All muthafucking week, and we kill a fucking beat.
Homicide on you niggas, homicide on you pussies.
What you gon do? Run up in your house, smack you.
And your whack ass crew.
You ain't fucking with little Saint Lou.
And my nigga Tone and my nigga Kimani.
All them niggas behind me.

From the 314 to the 405 to the 828 yeah I be.
live.
Smoking weed and sipping sauce and partying till like 'bout 5.
Looking for my honey and I stay up in the beehive.
Grinding from the rainy days until the cleary skies.
Me and Willy B up on the track, you can call that synergy.
Take your chick so magically, Houdini is my mini-me.
When I see my crush on campus, ionic bond like chemistry.
When you see me, you play Crooked Smile? I need dentistry.
I never bitch about shit, you'll never see and ovulation.
Money is the passion, I'm talking Jeezy's motivation.
Watching time fly, I see my transformation.
Smoking weed, but I got asthma, galaxies my destination.
I got 5's on my feet, and a 10 up in my arms.
My word play is a killer, and I got the right to bear arms.
Y'all niggas talking shit, like y'all was born in a barn.
My temper short like Leprechauns, Latina girls my lucky charms.
Let's get it!

Niggas look at me like damn, Word Play the fucking shit.
You damn right, I am the fucking shit.
For everything I'm doing I'm number 1 for like every list.
Down this Evercleafr, don't really fuck with liquid shit.
If yeen figured, I'm that North County, Ferguson, Saint Louis figure.

Don't give a fuck about a bitch or a nigga.
From dusk to dawn, my muse I spawn.
To spazz on a nigga talking 'bout that jawn.
I'm making moves, I just took your pawn.
And while you talking shit, you can watch me yawn.
Saint Louis my heart, on my momma you ain't gon tear us apart.
Imma need some top laying down if you understand me.
And verbs on the jungle gym, that's what you call word play.
Let's get it!

