1 Peter 5
by Swoope.


1 Peter 5 &amp; 8.
Be vigilant, be sober.
Not drunk with wine like slurred sentences.
Hung over, hunched over the John as you hurl.
Throwing your lunch over.
Cause it's no time to waste, please read 1 Peter 5 &amp; 8.
Feast like a cannibal on the fruit.
Be obese cause an animal looks for you, to devour.
Like a roaring lion.
Seek truth cause you're sought out by a roaring.
liar.
He seeks you, to eat you.
Please don't be fooled his goons have the tools.
To try and fix up the race.
Have you looking like a dumb bad boy.
Tryna hold a stickup with mace.
Try to glue your feet to the ground, to slow you down.
So you waste time tryna pick up the.
paste.
Resist, it's so necessary.
Yea the armor of God, it's so necessary.
We gotta live out our faith.
He can't infiltrate our brain if we tell him get out our face.
Resist, that is the message.
Listen up kids, for the children of God.
This is us kids, we ain't havin' it.
Because rabbits get, ate by snakes but his tricks are for.
kids.
Resist, steadfast in the faith.
The afflic-tion that is taking place.
It's gonna take some grace sent down from Heaven.
Be comforted, something of the same being live by your brethren.

Him.
Gotta die to flesh so we can live through Him.
Something I suggest is we depend on God.
Because the odds, of us winning by ourself.
Just fighting with flesh none is too slim, oops!
I mean it's slim to none.
Gotta let our light shine through, Him the Son.
Why be in bondage that's a waste of shine.
Just like a bad boy locked up is a waste of shine.
Church, it's time to wasting it.
Time that is, we don't have much.
I know that we are weak, but our dad's tough.
And we're His holy nation, flee fornication.
Kill your will, swallow pride, and smash lust.

1 Peter 5 &amp; 8.
Be sober, be vigilant.
Because your adversary the devil.
As a roaring lion walketh about seeking whom he may devour.
Whom resist stedfast in the faith.
Knowing that the same afflictions are accomplished in your brethren that are.
in the world.
But the God of all grace who hath called us.
Into his eternal glory by Christ Jesus.
After that ye have suffered a while.
Make you perfect, establish, strengthen, and settle you.
That's the Word!
Yes, yes, the Word of God!
Yes, yes, uh!
Let's bring it today!
Yup, yup!
But the God of all grace, who has called us.
Into His eternal glory by Jesus.
After a while when we've suffered in the heat through the streets.
Will perfect and complete you and me.
But the God of all grace, who has called us.
Into His eternal glory by Jesus.
After a while when we've suffered in the heat through the streets.
Will perfect and complete you and me.
After a while when we've suffered in the heat through the streets.
Will perfect and complete you and me.

After a while when we've suffered through the streets.
Imma need a drink, from the living well of my Father.
Holy Spirit refresh me, to go through this heat.
Let me Dwayne wade in your water.
Imma sop it up, I done smartened up.
Call me Dwayne Wayne in your water.
It's a different world you can bet.
But the Scripture still applies, still.
man.
Like a different world you can bet.
My helper's still coming from the hill man.
My glasses flipped up, so I can look up.
And catch the big picture.
Yea, my glass flipped up, so can sip of.
The water from the big pitcher.
Pour it out, like recovering alchies.
And I'll be, drunk with what the Lord's about.
Like re-recovering alchies.
Until I'm upchucking my will, out me.
A large lu-lust mcmeal without cheese.
Cause I'm stu-stuck in my will without the.
Something like neutral, stuck on the guilt.
Of things that I did in the past.
So Lord I need you to.
Buckle my belt, turn the key and give it some gas.
And we gon' vroom, straight to the throne room.
People listen up, cause time is gon' be gone soon.

