2 A.M. (Watcha Doin'?) Lyrics
by 69 Boyz.


Ugh 
Now, you can be a cute country girl from Idaho 
Thats 23, who ain't never been outside before 
Locked in the basement, without a radio or t.v. 
And still know that if you go to the embassy sweet 
At 2 0 clock in the morning, then the chance is strong. 
15 minutes later for your pants to be gone, 
Fold it up in the recliner right next to ya, shirt, 
Right next to ya bra! That'S right next to ya purse 
Right! Next to the kingsize B-E-D 
You coulda stayed at ya crib to watch B.E.T 
Cuz. If you come to see me at the M.G.M 
And ya faking, then ya, outta here, like MC Em 
Cuz before I sit around and watch you play naieve 
I rather ask you to leave so I could catch some Z's 
And. I ain't trying to be rude. 
I'M. Just busting a flow so that you know before you come through my hotel 
Door that 
 
If, it's 2 0 clock 
And! You don't wan na! Let ya panties drop 
So! I can make that booty hop, 
Then watcha doing in my hotel room 
I, don't know whats on ya, mind 
Well if it ain't that 69 
Back up by the bump and grind 
Then watcha doing in my hotel room, 
 
Enough of that 
Too much shine and recline 
Time, to bring the room more thrill than 69 
Whys you in mine, 
If, you ain't, giving it thats flat: 9 outta 10 times 
You only good on yo back 
Contradicted. What you speak. I see the tweak in yo eye 
The type of female, only freaking when she drunk or she high 
Be it not. I keep it both that ain't my way to advance 
But when you do beg yaself to get naked and dance 
If, you ain't with it. Let me know 
Don't be stopping my stroke 
Cuz you can leave. I call some more we'll continue to smoke. 
Ain'T, no lac, all my luxury unless I'm tapping ya lid 
I bought em all for 2 reasons. What you think this is 
Well it ain't. A big nigga. Tell ya straight out the mouth 
If you ain't heard of dog talk where they talk in the south, 
From outta. Nowhere make a debut uplifted my image. 
If it ain't sex get outta. My room conversation is finished, 
 
I know what you came here for 
Please, don't front on me. 
No no 
Lolly pop love is what I have in store: 
, 
Say, whats up, sweet thang 
As, you came, we finna get off the chain, 
Juss me and you after 2 playing grown up games. 
Now baby. Tell me what you came. Fo 
I hope the freak between them secrets thats exactly how this game go: 
It, ain't, gon na change, so girl you can stop fronting 
You know this time of night a playa be expecting something 
You say you tired and wan na chill. I ain't with that. 
You wants to chit chat girl. I wants to hit that 
I wan na get it on till the early morn 
I'm already bone, trying to get some loving girl. You dead wrong 
Fronting like bustling what you came to do, 
Girl out the 2 shoot busting is the thang to do 
I peep that game in ya. 
If you gon na play. You can flex 
Cuz ain't, nothing on my mind this time of night, but sex 
Getting. My rocks on 
Knock ya, socks off ya, feet, 
Trying, to act all shy, but girl. You know you a freak 
 
If, it's 2 0 clock 
And! You don't wan na! Let ya panties drop 
So! I can make that booty. Hop
 
