2 AM Lyrics
by Tyga.


It'S 2 AM in the mornin 
Pressin my alarm again 
Stressin over my mom and friends 
Sometimes. I wish I was in a coma 
 
Damn Wakin up to the cold wind 
Sometimes. I wish I was a kid again 
Sometimes I don't even wan na. Remember it 
Cause one time I remembered what I couldn't forget: 
Damn My stepdad beatin me again 
For a bad grade. He must of had A's 
The way. He was hurtin me in a bad way: 
My mom hearin the scream, but just turned away 
What the fuck. Are you people crazy? 
I was only a baby five months when they gave me 
To my grandma, who was racist 
But. I ain't give a fuck. I just faced it 
Like mace to the police. I was danger, 
Feelin, like I'm, in a manger. 
Baby. Jesus save me from the anger, 
She's tryin to get me into this closet. I vanished quickly, 
Fuck that I took 50 
From, her purse bag told her. Don'T miss me. 
I ain't comin back catch me on another path: 
I need a bubble bath. 
Someone. Take me in the plastic basket: 
Sittin on bubble, wrap, I'm abandoned, 
I need a new home that isn't damaged 
A family, whom care to be parents 
Errant. My life on the mic. 
Might wasn't raised too right, so I 
Had to decide to turn on the light. 
Do somethin right before I'm layin with the mice 
Rotten alone on my neighbor's stolen bike, 
Tryin, to think what my afterlife gon' look like: 
It got, ta, look right! ..., it got ta, look right! ..., 
, 
Back to my bad life. 
Another day in the fast life got me feelin, like I'm, on the crack pipe 
No lie just the thought. 
Of me gettin that type of high, but I'm in the dark 
Where the shadows, follow your every walk. 
And as I move, I'm feelin like a shopping, cart. 
 Gim me this gim me that son 
What'chu mean ain't. You supposed to be my mom 
Why. Don'T you ask God I worked hard for these two dimes 
I care. What it's worth just the fact that it's mine 
Check your purse. Don'T you got 
My life savings that you've been savin from birth 
Oh? I forgot you spent that 
On your own gift wrap. I ain't get shit last Christmas, 
But, a hug and a family wishlist for next year and shit 
Huh !'Round next year and shit 
I'm gon na be on shit. You can't even pronounce in English 
I got anger 
That's why? I paint these songs visually painting, 
It's awful ain't it A little in 
But. Hopefully time is the pain 
Cause. As of now I just wan na run away. ... run away, ... 
 
