2015 Lyrics
by VI Seconds.

As of late a lot of nigguhs sleeping on me.
Nigguhs hate but never try creeping on me.
So I wait nigguhs hate up but their are heats are on me.
I rate cause they think but they speak with harmy.
Nope you'll never see the day I'm fazed.
I'll let J.r get the play by play.
When I whoop that ass if you aim my way.
Cause I'm handlin' you nigguhs on a day by day.
I'm from the city of cold stares and cold steel.
I'm colder than they you killed you cats.
Whenever the cold's here.
I've been grinding to accomplish all of my missions.
Rap didn't recognition they want me to come up missing.
So I'm maintaining distance.
I might have to end up gripping when whipping.
They'll see my business chase after my winnings.
My emblems many wallets and everything that's within them.
And the major thing that kills them is I'm a symbol of wisdom.
I got food.
Nigguhs wanna take off of my plate.
And I got the biggest smile nigguhs want off of my face.
And I got fan letters nigguhs want out of my space.
But it's what a worked for boy so stay in your place.
Or.
Bite off way more than you can chew.
When contemplating coming at me target in the shoe.
Cause I've never been one TO take a threat lightly.
Get high-fie develop a bomb with the bottom of my boots boy.
I know imma lead I'll take time to address y'all.
Cause it's never been an objective to impress y'all.
But it seems like my success seems to stress y'all.
So then y'all nigguhs I might as well dress y'all.
Pissed off cause I'm buzzin' now.
Pistol with the muffled sound.
Now barking with no bite I suggest you get muzzled now.
Cause I'm not the one so take this as my word son.

Nigguhs sneak dissin' on Twitter.
I get on Facebook a hundred fifty nigguhs bitter.
Trynna X me out cause I'm trynna be a winner.
Callin' out my typos like these nigguhs are in sinners.
I set the helping hand to a couple of other fellers.
With attempt of promoting growth and making their lives better.
But at last they get in their fields and whatever is whatever.
Nigguhs get upset and choose to express their bad weather.
I call someone my homie trynna help them get some touchdowns.
He gets upset by something then his real feels come out.
I'm at a point where I just wanna be peaceful.
I ain't got the time to sit and stress about pity people.
I'm 'bout to get my foot in the door and straight end shit.
So with that being said I ain't stressing a fake friendship ever.
Now back to my fans.
Learn that sometimes you'll have to show your back to your mans.
Cause the same nigguhs who gat will be quick to call you a zero.
Though you stacking your De Niro and to someone you're a hero.
I ain't never been a Vlogger I give my life to my music.
And I motherfuckin' livin' deny the fact that I do this!
I'm over givin' everyone my trust paw.
That's just my 2015 dust fall.
But the year's looking aight I can't deny.
I got plans to execute and things I must supply.
So check if you one of my God bodies.
Ever slowing down there's something I will not acky.

The Demigod stepping up.
This year's gon' be a good one.

