22 Lyrics
by Yungen.


Yeah it's my birthday. I might get high tonight. 
She said she's single, but she wan na be mine. Tonight, 
Drinks on my table. I like them straight 
All. I want for my birthday is some cake cake cake cake, 
As long as my people with me, I'm good 
As long as my people with me, I'm good, 
 
Everybody know everybody 
Thank God. I ain't anybody 
And I'll drink to that 
In, the G-wagon with a tinted back 
When. It pulls up skrt 
Yeah. It makes them pree. 
I woke up to brain. For my breakfast like shit, it sucks to be me: 
I had a big booty hoe for New Years. I don't need her tonight 
As long as my mandem here my day ones then everything's, alright 
Yeah. He might have been here last year now me and him ain't tight 
I might beat his girl just to piss him off. She ain't even my type 
Birthday vibes catch me in the West End 
Yeah. You can come in the VIP girl, but you can't bring your dead friends 
Psst about bredrins 
Racks said: leave your money at home to everybody. It'S on him 
Drinks on drinks, bottles on bottles, 
I, don't know how I got here: 
 
Yeah, it's my birthday. I might get high tonight. 
She said she's single, but she wan na be mine. Tonight, 
Drinks on my table. I like them straight 
All. I want for my birthday is some cake cake cake cake, 
As long as my people with me, I'm good 
As long as my people with me, I'm good 
, 
Yeah 
She said what am I doing. She wan na celebrate 
I tell her come round. Put your best outfit on, don't forget the cake 
Tarted up. I just wan na penetrate 
On, my Jerimih. I'Ve got some birthday sex. I wan na demonstrate 
On. You blame the occasion 
Girl how you get a back like that and your mumma
Caucasian 
How. You learn to work like that. If you never go raving 
And how you gon na make me wait like we don't want the same thing: 
My gift, wrapped in Ann Summers, but I'm a winter baby I'm
cold 
Last year it came Victoria Secret, but I don't ever speak. What I'm
told 
I want all my people here, so it's only right that you rolled 
She said why do I even buy you shit after all the dreams that you've sold 
 
Yeah? It'S my birthday, I might get high tonight. 
She said she's single, but she wan na be mine tonight, 
Drinks on my table. I, like them straight 
All I want for my birthday - is some cake cake, cake cake, 
As long as my people with me, I'm good 
As long as my people with me, I'm good 
Yeah, it's my birthday. I might get high tonight. 
She said she's single, but she wan na be mine tonight, 
Drinks on my table. I, like them straight 
All I want for my birthday, is some cake cake, cake cake, 
As long as my people with me, I'm good 
All I want for my birthday - is some cake cake, cake, cake
, 
