3 to the Dome Lyrics
by Sway.

Big Daddy Kane 
You in the perils of the lyrical heroes, 
That rule just like the pharoahs 
Robert Dinero's got it covered. Just
Like sombreros, 
Seek shelter here comes the warpath 
Anyone who's tryin' to reign. I change the whole forecast. 
If I slip half a herd. He learned 
This murder. He earned turned his body to third-degree burns 
You're purely pathetic. I won't let it 
And once I set it. The after-party's in the paramedics 
Vultures come back when you're older 
Talkin', like you're grown. You cats is Small Soldiers, 
Enough of them as the god muscle in it's puzzlin' 
You couldn't carry weight if you was hustlin', 
Style ain't, even de-cent them not gon na squeeze. None 
Please dun, give me one rea-son 

As, I wet'em up just for the sake of obeying my thirst, 
Anytime anywhere without any fair 
I'll. Do it with any hair. What da deal ain't he there wha wha. What 
What I do will be crucially brutally 
Usually legal and rippin' stupidly ain't nothin' new to me, 
What, I spit attract felons crack, melons 
Leave, the chickenheads back swellin' 
Game, tight wit, the way I'm livin' 
I bag birds and I stuff em like Thanksgiving 
My, bad self, Get more love than tennis, 
From New York to Venice 
Black, as a Guinness here to
represent to live with the menace 
To win The Apprentice if your heart
shows stealth 
You, better watch yo' self. Before I stop yo' health 
Cause, any props here baby, you ain't, gettin', 
You, better! Recognize the true and livin' 
You played yourself fast, put two quarters in your ass 
What. I meant arcades done, went up to fifty cent 
 
Chino XL 
That lyric tarantula Chino, about to make this example of 

My first name Chino. My last name Went There: 
Leavin' rappers, curled up and dyed like Immature's, hair, 
Wit, lyrical warfare. When I spray shit, 
My style like AIDS, half a y'all got it just. None of y'all is sayin'
shit 
I, hate and spit at devils that want to posses Chi 
Jesus came in the vocal booth like Nigga you, the next me 
So test me battle and you will become a dead man. 
And there's a lot of fake Chino's like Craig Mack's. A fake Redman 
But, I'm above the surface of this rap circus, 

You a worthless waste of flesh like fat, asses on a nun, 
I'm God's bastard son that blasts and thinks bloodbaths are fun. 
I hate you with a passion, make white chicks, faint, like I'm Hanson 
Historically known for bringin' down the house, like I'm Samson 
My, damn tongue bursts in the the

I'm leavin' wack church passengers inside of a fast hearse 
Escapin the wrath of Jerse 
It's, a sad earth. When my pen, dirts 
Axe, murderer type of massacre occurs, if we match words 
I'm past blurs, I smack herbs 
Gritty-green eyes like Badu 
Leavin' minds, fucked up like Maxwell's hair-do 
And I'mma, be the sickest till I'm dead, 
The type to rent Halloween 4 eight times just to Laugh at LL's, head 
My new album is Flo-Jo's heart watch it blow up; 
You ain't, just wack you're. What wack wants to be when it grows up? 
 
Kool G Rap 
The Godfather saga, hit you dead, in
the chest like shots of Vodka, 
Funer-als crowded, like soccer while
I'm, watchin' opera 
Last, like Sinatra blast like Binaca 
Binoculars, is how I'm watchin' droppin' from the chopper 
Mafia imposter 
You're left for dead. With your face. Inside of your plate of pasta, 
 Freddy, in a hasa salute to my crew to prosper. 
You know how we do. We icepick the boulder 
You get dabbed over glasses of ice with the Bolla 
Blood on your shoulder, make costra nostra 
Keepin' the heater with the toasters 
Dough in the sofa cashmeres and gator loafers 
We bullet-proof, the Rovers pimp-
smack, you sober, 
Our, whole crew is skippin' to lieutenants And soldiers 
Flip on you, the way Montana did to Minola 
Condition vulgar holdin' on blowers, older than Yoda 
Leave bad odors. When we give cobras crystal like Yoga 
Colder than the caps, that's in the Polar bubble like soda 
Bend, these old Lola Falanas over 
Cross me cut our your momma's ovaries 
Kid. You know the steez have your wake. Smellin', like potpourri 
On, the low-key ship keys to over-seas 
My shit, gets sold quicker than groceries 
K-double-O-L-and-G. You know it's me
, 
