3
by VI Seconds.


Yo yo 
This ain't for nobody, but me 
Call me selfish 
I, don't really care 
Look, 
 
Boy! It'S funny how seven days can make a difference 
Boy, it's funny! How several hate then need assistance 
It's funny how niggas will call you'brother' 
But lacking communication 
You make it then they complain that you're keeping your distance 
Girl, it's crazy! How love will make you grown 
Girl, it's crazy! How people play like they're, your own 
It's, crazy you'll, give your heart to a bitch 
She amazes you with a pitch 
Then she'll toss. The shit like your heart was just made to be thrown 
People, saying that they love you, but really they mean it. 
Feeling, like I'm only cherished when shit is convenient. 
Like. Now that I'm getting money can't none of these niggas son me 
And. Your past woman crushes have sucked on my penis 
I'm, saying 
People change and start acting indecent 
Cause, I'm doing well now. Niggas taxing for pieces, 
It's strange cause. If I fell on my face, while out in public 
I ain't ever trusting you lames to keep it a secret 
The people, I call homies take notice of my endeavors 
But. Hardly give me a dap for the fact that I'm doing better 
Family I haven't talked to in years 
Cause. I learned that I'm shit-talking, while I'm chasing my career 
But, it's the hand. I was dealt 
Jack chasing to be a king without a 
Queen by my side cause. I trust, 
None with a ring no 
Diamond to bestow in the club hate where I stay. 
Lost, my heart to a bitch 
She ain't, give a fuck like she spayed 
Or, I'm 
Overthinking at 3 am in the morning 
Sitting alone. Drinking thinking'This is the shit. I was born with ?' 
But I'll, never forfeit 
Fitting. My for when my for fits 
You ain't with me I'll, never force it 
Just flow like faucets 
For. This is my life and the key to my fortune. 
Disrespect to my direction. This fist is made for chins see I 
Had a bit of a violent streak on these violent streets. 
You were a target. If you weren't seeing eye-to-eye with me 
But guess I get that from my brother and I give him resentment 
Cause of what his actions do to my mother 
See I'm one of two, but I made moves on the proper side. 
I say one of two cause. I don't account for my father's side: 
My father, 
Another nigga. I don't really know 
I hate him. Yet part of me really wishes that we could grow. 
Who knows I could decide to go to London next year. 
He may lack them, but it took balls for me to get here 
Got a couple questions for him, but I'll do without those letters 
And right now. I don't feel like he deserves another record 
I remember getting started on the net with a group of niggas 
Who rapped, who, I don't think I'll forget 
All aiming for success, but the friendship was just noise. 
Cause niggas grew tired and started acting like some fuccbois 
So niggas ceased communication and it was perfect timing 
That's when my shit started reaching to other nations 
And. That'S when niggas wan na show screaming fraudulence, 
But wouldn't reappear. If I didn't have an audience, 
Oh Lord, the shit that niggas do for promo 
Quit to rant on Twitter cause leeching me is a no-go 
Pitchforks in hand typing out how they mad at me. 
Even the rest saying he regrets calling me family 
Oh Lord! I guess that's just my game: 
Small wounds that build muscle. These are just my gains, 
Start whipping a little different guess. That'S just my lane! 
Fuck your promo. I ain't calling y'all by name 
So. Where does that leave me? 
I ain't, going back to college 
I'm! Staying off of that chain, like I never been into bondage, 
Staying off of the chain, like young Berg, 
Staying off of the chain like a runaway dog and it's absurd 
The hand that I was dealt was full of shit, though I don't touch turds 
I turned it Into gold - and all I needed was one word 
Music. - I got fans to the roof 
Dedicated, they got my name on tats cause. It'S true: 
I mastered the booth looking past and surpassing your truths. 
They are to me what cash is to you, 
Oh Answer to who 
Lord as I kneel and I pray 
And. I thank you for the blessings you brought these days. 
Connecting me with these people, that'll feel my pains 
And see my change, the others trying to see my stage 
 Gon na be hopping out the kitchen. The moment I get cooking 
Got a West Side vibe, but I keep my shit so Brooklyn 
Cause, I'm that one maintaining my run'til. It stops 
'Till the crown's on my head and the throne's on my block, 
Dogging head's'round America get shown out my spots 
Your running shoes at the ready. Then your soles in a box 
Give your bitches, the kiss of death, learn to grow from the locks 
Got. The key to success now show me the locks 
Went from a curly head. Now, I'm showing the'locks 
Coming at your heads. Now I'm showing the'locks 
You niggas wishing the differences we show in the lock 
But. I'M the pick like what a thief shows in the lock 
I'm. The coldest of soldiers boulders on both shoulders, 
With, a soul you'll, be hold at the moment. I pop 
Holding a Glock taking this whole era for ransom. 
It'S about to ugly, like I can't do handsome 
Red 
 
And. That'S therapy 
Take it how you want it 
Tyler that shit --, that shit --, that shit hurt my lungs 
It's real talk, though 
 
