30 Years Styling Lyrics
by Wretch 32.


Styling, styling, 30 years styling.
Styling, styling, 30 years styling.
Styling, styling, 30 years styling.
Styling, styling, 30 years styling.

I'm so happy with my gift for my B-day, you'll get a present.
Blew the candles, now I'm cutting the cake cause of my sentence.
So advanced, when I see Apple, I see Tetris.
Who knew that Back to the Future was in the present?
Ivor Novello flow every time I write.
Every time I'm on the mic is a reminder for why I'm signed.
Poverty-born child worth a million.
You cut me, I bleed feelings, I'm cold, I sneeze feelings.

Bro, I'm a fine china.
I mature with wine, I get wiser.
And they're saying my driver's got mileage.
But my brother, that's 30 years styling.

When I was flying to the heavens, they thought it was all Satan.
They called me freemason but I still forgave em.
I was dream-chasing way before Meek made it.
They won't wake you at your wake when your dream gets taken.
Should I slap you with a bag or two?
I swear gravity's my parachute, my reality ain't got a camera crew.
You care about the fame more than tryna make a change.
You get your hopes up and then the glass ceiling will shatter you.
We really had cards when you was playing solitaire.
I really had a yard when you was trapping on the stairs.
I really had a car when you was peddling through the gears.
I've been here for years and now they're here for years and years, years and.
years.

See, that moment at the BRITs kinda felt like an eclipse.
Lesson learned, take delight too long or take the piss.
When we get it back, see my brothers have been through hell and back.
Any time since too bland, we'll make it red and black.
None of us had headstarts, so we ain't heading back.
Just for me to get out the barrel, I killed hella crabs.
Now it's sea bass, sea brine, seashells and sand.
I'm giving my net for their fish, and a helping hand.
Cause in '03 I didn't even have three Os.
Checked my bank account, didn't even see three 0s.
I was there selling dark and light, Oreo.
Now it's just me, myself and I, more zeros.
More zeros, so I don't give a fuck what your lady likes.
Nah, especially when she ain't lady-like.
If you ain't a princess now, or a lady Di.
Anytime you've got the cheek, I've got the baby wipes.
Wipe the slate clean, I don't never leave it dirty.
Man, I've seen death, can't believe I've seen 30.
My cousin got life, he coming home at 2:30.
When he back man, the building I build him is two storeys, true stories.
I've got a T.I and a Hustle Gang.
I'm the type that can turn a joke into a Russell Brand.
When I wretchercise, I tread on mills and do the running, man.
I don't have to throw an overarm to get the upper hand, nah.

Break.
Girl, throw my sash belt.
My velvet blazer.
My wing-tipped shoes.
Cufflink's gold, haha.
Well, we're not gonna make the life grow over us.
We're gonna grow over life.
Dun know ?

Styling, styling, 30 years styling.
Styling, styling, 30 years styling.
Styling, styling, 30 years styling.
Styling, styling, 30 years styling.
Happy birthday to you.
Happy birthday, 32.
Happy birthday to you.
Styling, styling, happy years styling.

