36\ Chain (Inst.) Lyrics
by Run the Jewels.

Killer Mike 
Bitch, we be that shit. That'S right! 
Number two boo boo straight caca 
I smoke ganja with a dreadlocked rasta 
Move like Frank, you will die like a hassa 
Move like Jesus die like a martyr 
Hell of a choice when you riding a Lamotta 
Trynna get some hoes in the hot car 
How far. Is we away man Not far 
The greatness? They claim not all 
Are, not. We are those juggernauts. 
Me El, we hail 
Like a young Che Guevara and Fidel 
Castro cash flow car full of females, 
Bad hoes. We in the DR 
Any fuck rapper boy gettin' out of line. I pray. The preacher beat him to the
goddamn ER 
 
I spit them country rap tunes like Hee-Haw 
Cocaine flow fishscale, no re-rock 
Take, a snort for yourself shawty, see he raw ... 
, See he raw 
That's. You shawty go on snort your nose off 
Then put the news in the street Tom Brokaw 
Cause of you. Shawty met a bad stone, bitch out of Brooklyn and that Brooklyn
bitch straight got broke off 
Yeah. She called her homegirl from the BX freaky lil'Rican brought X and we
sexed 
Couple months later, brought'em down to Atlanta and let'em style on the
'bamas. That'S right, yeah, we flex 
Heard. She got a baby daddy and a nigga acting aggy runnin' round talkin''bout
yeah. He plexed 
Nigga better pray for a ho like he Tebow, though cause right now he stay losin'
like The Jets 
 
El-P 
And I walk around like I got a 36 chain 
And I walk around like I got a 36 chain, 
 
Bitch. We be that shit. That'S right: 
Light a flare put your thumbs in the air high five 
I came for the stash box. Gim me that 
I been waitin' for this. All my life 
3 AM, and I'm still not right, 
Still awake still away from fading 
Crazy, 
Psilocybin 
Why the ride. So hazy, 
Dribble this spit till the street gets wavy 
The, bliss and pure shit, magician 
Get to skipping 
Not too tall dark and handsome man 
But. I talk dark for ransoms man, 
Spend grands of those zombies, 
Folded origami 
Yes, I bag. The clams 
Anyone object to the styles, get a smile and a backwards hand. 
 
Peep that felonious face in the place of an angel 
Bringing that buckshot back to the table. 
Been, a veteran earthbound, hellion 
Try to say grace, get a face: full of staples 
Woke up and the city air smelled like maple 
If. You come straight from New York. You relate 
If, you come straight from another place, stay too 
Me and Mike got the whole map held safe, 
 
Killer, Mike 
Be, it NYC or the ATL 
From the ceilings of heaven to the gates of hell, 
We murder, death killed every stage we step 
Homicide times. Two better warn yourself: El 
, 
El-P 
Anybody. Looking for some trouble, better self med 
We could double dutch in a minefield. Hell gets 
Just. The right temperature break beat minister 
Riverdance cleats on your face for the finisher
 
