3rd Bass Theme aka Portrait of the Artist as a Hood Remix Lyrics
by 3rd Bass.

Today, I'm prepared to bring specific charges. 
Against certain members working in an industry 
That reaches into every household in the country. 
 
Hoods is up so skills is up, 
It's, a stick-up, so why'd you interrupt 
So such bust material, cerebral, 
I'm, eatin' cereal, with spoons, sippin', Cepacol, 
Daddy-O slipped me some cause my breath stank 
White gold, but no accounts in Swiss banks, 
Think tanks. Once rolled on the city streets, 
I used to meet your moms between the sheets, 

True flam flammin' words on wax discus 
So. They dismiss this as vulgarity. 
And once laughed and pointed at the university 
Some perk without skills and push a pen, 
I send surreal scenes where you never been 
Looked out gave you three strikes. You struck out 
Pop shit with the 3rd knock your fronts out. 
Blew, your blunts out you wings stuck up your ass 
Gassed. You up then slap you with my staff. 
I. Seen your skins like to go to the motels 
But. Your ass won't know to the hotels 
Cause a lip is zipped. I paint pictures 
A portrait a self far from tipsters 
My discussion of impression: ain't, ignorance, 
So, don't label the hoods on appearances, 
You, never thought that a gangster could talk sense, 
But. This artifice flipped, your beans, is spent 
Took, your papes out your pocket and just stood out. 
The focus the portrait of the artist as a hoods-up 
 
Portrait, painted back in the days 
Young strays posted at the L.Q. on Fridays, 
Waitin' for Dice to give the go ahead. 
Hawkin' 50 cent puttin' heads to bed 
For a herringbone, hear the tune of the Audio Two 
Milk was chillin' as I chilled in the back room, 
Listen to snaps cuts by Scoob and Scrap 
Union Square to tear up the KRS tracks 
Torn up by the Kent. The Clark Dark 
As, the brothers, try to spark 
We knocked boots and the boots got knocked 
Three A.M. and it was off to The Rooftop 
Hip-Hop Starski, the Masters of Ceremony, 

Five A.M. it was the S 
