3s Lyrics
by Punsy.


My name is dre, I came to say I paved a way to greater thangs
I'll change the game and break the chains and make sure nothing stays the same
The day I came in eighty eight. I knew that i'd be saving grace
I, take the cake and raised the stakes. Your music is a great disgrace
So, take a break and stay away. I'Ll, take your place and take the stage
They'll praise my name and change their faith for my lyrically great display
I change, the pace from lamer thangs like bathin', apes and 808s
These other guys are fake and gay. Your hatorade is tasting great
The ace of spades, that's sharper than the razor blade that shaves your face
I'll, take your brain and make you slaves and force you all to play. My tape
I do this. On the day to day, my database is tailor made
With music, that the nation prays would hurry up and make it's way
To shelves. They can't can't complain. My current tracks can change a state
Of mind, but I won't make em wait. so don't expect a great delay
I hate to play. The things I say can make a quake and shake the state
Relate your fate to end of this song i'll make you fade away

Listen how I structure schemes I'll hit'em with the 123
There, is no one touching me in busting these so wonderfully
Listen. How I structure schemes every rhyme will come in threes
Syllables just come with ease, so suddenly it's nothing see

The tracks. I make surpasses great. I have to lace these classic tapes
With claps and bass and raps that may collapse the stage and aggravate
All cats that hate they're, half as great I'll have them in the saddest, state
Attacking fakes i'll slash their face. Assassinate decapitate
A, tragic fate. I'M moving at a faster pace. Don'T have to wait
For cats to pay me cash to say you're, wack and gay in a massive way
The raps. I spray are acid based, don't have to rap bout crack and cane
I'm hotter than a matches flame, ... there'll be nothing after dre
I'm smashing beats so savagely. No apathy flow naturally
I laugh at these old wack emcees who's raps are below average. See
The tragedy is actually that rap is weakened. Drastically
By raggedy, young cats, who's keeping rap at the capacity
I'm mad. So please don't battle me. Cuz that'll be catastrophy
You'll practically be asking me to happily add casualties
The rabid beast that has to eat. You cats'll be a snack to me
Combat with me, get smacked with ease the master king, your majesty
 
