4 Thoze Of U Lyrics
by Twiztid.

Ya hear that 
 
We off the train tracks, homeboy outta control, 
Me and madrox rockin bitch slappin the world 
I say some shit to make the crows crow quick, 
Little bitch paint a picture like my cock, 
Some fuckin blood with a drip drop. Take a sip 
It makes me stronger than the strongest man 
And my mind takes a journey to the farthest land 
I'm the whole worlds. Kryptonite 
I got these bitches on. They knees, 
Kissing, hands, cryin beggin, for they life 
I'm, a butcher knife to the neck, got ta, go 
1, you just a ho 2. You ain't, a juggalo. 
Bitch. You watch your mouth and represent 
You. Get your head split, quick, some shit. They can't stitch 
I'm a scrub for life, don't let the hairstyle 
With a bag, a weed looking to blow it 
Those, who don't know it. I'M monoxide blaze up a smoke 
And pass that shit to your boy and give his bitch a choke. 
Biatch 
 
For. Those of you that don't know 
Never blow hydro 
Are, you afraid to go. Where I go. 
Even, though call yourself a juggalo 
Telling everybody that you down 
Chrous Backround singing. I hate everyone, 
 
For, those of you that don't know 
It's Mr. Madrox, first name's Jamie 
Can't. Nobody see me 
In my world of m-o-n-o on the m-I-c and basically 
My little brother Blaze, put it down with thug mentality. 
We represent the vicinity of the East, 
Bustin free, no love for hoes or the police. 
What, you thought is 
Was bumpin weak shit need to get some hatchet in your life. 
Cause don't perpetrate. Like we don't know 
Yesterday. You was a hater, but today you's a juggalo 
You, just a wearin and any coats. 
Tryin ta fall up in the flock. With the same hokey-dokey, 
I turn you into smoke second hand: im stayin underground, just 
Lost 100 grand so fuck a fan base. 
Show me family face 
, no matter they size shape or race. 
 
First off whoever trippin get the shot off 
1 into the back of your head. Actin, like the dead, don't play 
12 shells a day, still put it down for my g's around the way: 
 ain't, nobody tryin ta, step to 
Better watch you mouth homeboy, 
I'll powerplex, you into the mat 
Now picture that you're so skinny. Your nose is hella. Hella phat 
Fat enough to kick it wit, a gang of hood rats, 
In the back of a chicken shack, 
We relax in you jaw like a side effect: 
And fuck, you hood rat hoes in the project, 
Got a 12 guage and I'm holdin it down 
Who wan Na ride with me cause I'm headed east with bail, 
Callin D, dumpin t-w I-z, t-I-d, b-l-a-z-e 
And. We ride to till infinity 
 
