40 Cal Lyrics
by The Underachievers.


Always got the pack.
Now that's a fact.
I'm like a cholo.
You know the game we stay in tact we mafioso.
Don't hit my jack.
Let's sip on racks so I'm like Oh no.
These niggas act like they can match cook it slow though, woah woah.
Nigga's see me out that's very rare I keep it lowkey.
Gotta keep me segregated from the niggas that don't know me.
Cause these niggas hesitate and I keep ruins as my homie's.
Quick to pop a fuckin' nigga, if you disrespect the holy.
Now let me get it, ugh.
Nigga could get dead.
But I'd rather count my cheese, than move the people like a reverend.
Just know I said it, ugh, Indigo protected.
Put my life up on a line, don't disrespect my fucking message.
My niggas reppin', never halfsteppin'.
Super-duper lethal weapon, yeah I'm gone in 60 seconds.
And I'm grindin' for a check, get some new shit for the set.
If a nigga got a problem, we be coming for you next.

What you in here for?
What you in here for?
All my niggas we dismember folks, the cold december flow.
Feed you poison, we the antidote.
Them boys like they were chose, they hear the globe.
They fill their hopes, and steal your hopes.
Fo sho, fo sho, fo sho.

My niggas keep on reppin', you know the gang we built to last.
You niggas keep halfsteppin' , I see your future through the past.
I let that good smoke set in, I blow this shit down like my last.
You better use your weapon, my money like a 40 cal.
My nigga Doughey with the shits he keep that 40 on his lap.
Torch it just like a camel raise it up where niggas at.
We don't fuck around with defense keep the team inside attack.
Keep a hundred niggas with me, best believe a couple strapped.

When my instincts take control; instant transmission to the dough.
While your bitch on my guest list, you pay admission to the show.
Niggas be dissin, gonna need morticians from the flow.
I do my AK rendition and spray the clips out from the dome.
Since we hit the scene ain't hard to see we out your league.
I ain't had no pot to pee just popped the smoke and broccoli.
Gotta pay the paper, no hoe get no guap from me.
I'm just tryna elevate and orchestrate the prophecy.
AK never cop a plea I cop a the dro ain't got no seeds.
Drop my goody LSD the reason I ain't afraid to dream.
All my niggas rated G, I ride for them they ride for me.
Play your role and stay asleep while we awoke fuckin' your brain nigga.

What you in here for?
What you in here for?
All my niggas we dismember folks, the cold december flow.
Feed you poison, we the antidote.
?
?
Fo sho, fo sho, fo sho.

My niggas keep on reppin', you know the gang we built to last.
You niggas keep halfsteppin' , I see your future through the past.
I let that good smoke set in, I blow this shit down like my last.
You better use your weapon, my money like a 40 cal.

