40 Days 40 Nights Lyrics
by Yung Joey.


40 days 40 nights 
I make it rain like Jehovah nigga Jesus Christ, 
All I ever gave a fuck about was stunting 
All I ever gave a fuck about. Was stunting 
Just hit a lick. We blow it tonight, 
Make it rain, like Jehovah nigga Jesus Christ 
All. I ever gave a fuck about was stunting 
All I ever gave a fuck about was stunting 
 
All I ever gave a fuck about, was stunting 
Fucking up racks with my niggas, like it's nothing 
One thing about these bitches? Is I don't cuff'em 
Cause these hoes man? They all want something: 
Young nigga ducking racks chasing the cheddar 
These labels. Wan na sign me. They need a mill or better 
Talking dinner parties with label exec's who write checks, 
And fly on private jets, call it changing the weather, 
Some people say I changed. I say for the better 
Married to the money like we live together. 
Flock boy, ghoster make'em feel better 
Suit got that Benz. That will make you get your shit together. 
Man the doors go up on that mo'fucker 
Make you hating ass niggas, throw up in this motherfucker 
Throw your rent money like fuck in this motherfucker 
Watch. These hoes flock to me like good luck in this motherfucker 
 
All. I ever gave a fuck about stunting 
Paid in full, like Lou-lou, I be fronting 
You play with money. That'S in the discussion, 
No rice, no champagne, no nothing 
 Got ta, get it by any means. Fuck. You talking bout 
Like that crazy nigga that broke inside of Diddy's house 
I need an ounce in the Hamptons born in the south 
Greeted by champagne, bad bitches. They titties out 
Some people love the fame. I just love the money 
 that will make the pretty bitch love me 
All. My diamonds will make these pretty bitches wan na fuck me 
On, my mama, my phone ringing, I'm still serving custers 
Wait hold up toast, pour up 
My bitch, look like a bag of money. Yours looking toe up 
Your career on the decline. My shit finna' blow up. 
You got a show in your city, guess which hoes finna' show up: 
 
