4BBBz Back Again Lyrics
by 4 Broz By Broz.


4 Broz by Broz, back again.
Chase Boys - J. Rage-a - let the party begin.

Tater Chips.

The Tater is back with a salty surprise.
Strap on your goggles and protect your eyes.
From my lyrical explosion, you'll get the notion.
That your honey got preggers from the Tater Potion.
In perpetual motion, gold records each week.
The only gold that you got is from the plaque on your teeth.
Bitch, feel the heat, Oatmeal dropping the beats.
Got that funky fresh flow from Worthington Street.
I got style - so crank up the dial.
Let me spit in your club - service with a smile.
I'm the rhythm crocodile and I'm worth your while.
If you don't think I'm sexy then you're in denial.
So watch your mouth, and lower your tone.
I'll make your ma cum through the telephone.
Are you alone? It's my brother and me.
Let me put you on hold for Da Reel MC.

Da Reel MC.

You it's MC and I'm back again.
You know the broz gave me another track again.
I grabbed a pad and a pen and got back at it to win.
The best rhymes of all time will have you clapping my friend.
2Pac, Biggie.
Smalls, J, Nas and Mase.
Two, three, four, five, six one is Matt Chase.
Girl, look at your face, turn around, skip the record.
Shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake.
Shake that ass, like Michael J. Fox.
In a school bus on a bumpy road filled with rocks.
My hip hop like a clock, cause I tick til I tock.
When it comes to rhyme, they call me Mr. Spock.
Because I'm the final frontier of your rapping career.
I make you wine with a sign that says the end is near.
I write quicker with liquor but I write slicker with beer.
I just spit out a hit and make the money appear.
My ryhmes are hot, I get paid a lot.
I stack more paper than Michael Scott.
I even got more Dundies than Michael got.
Like I done these bitches, then I forgot.
I got a .45 in the.
truck of my car.
I had 45 shots last night at the bar.
I know 45 songs on electric guitar.
I killed 45 men, only got one scar.
There was only one man that I couldn't kill.
Jesus H.Q. Christ,.
tell them how you feel.

J. Rage-a.

The Journalist eternal, hailing from CLE.
Coming back out of your speakers, listen progeny.
Gotten stronger, gotten faster in my rhymes and my flow.
I'm solid like the steel setting up in the mold.
Hip hop sabbatical, radical - I know it.
Y'all don't care, cause you love the way I flow it.
My rhymes win awards from coast to coast.
All the ladies love me, I don't mean to boast.
But it's easy to see how I earned all this fame.
My hypnotic delivery is the best in this game.
Oatmeal's beats are sicker than your friend.
Who drank a bottle of Bombay, brought his night to an end.
Da Reel MC, what else can I say?
His rhymes so provocative they might turn me gay.
And Tater's delivery is all but discreet.
Who could forget when when he rapped about his meat?
4 Broz are back and we ain't taking shit.
If you don't like that, suck our motherfucking dicks!

