5 am in Toronto (Freestyle) Lyrics
by Vision.

Yeah ... 
Yeah, it's ... 
Yeah, it's ..., 
Yeah, it's ..., 
Yeah, it's Vision, 
 
Just came back from hiatus 
And. I ain't even make it. I appreciate the patience 
Now you can update your playlist 
Don't relate me with them small fries. I bake potato's 
Heard. You were flexing at your show. We throw tomatoes at Jose, Cansecos 
Play ball, but do remember it's a game. 
You get a little fame. Some fools attempt to steal your name 
But. Even if you copy we're both aware that you're not me 
Strong mind a hard drive too quick for these flimsy floppies 
My archive begins from the heartbeat 
And ends with a part 3 like ..., Lord of the rings, 
Return of a king 
But got ta, keep your Eyes on Gollum 
Smeagol, sneaking through your saga, 
What's a Smeagol to a Hobbit 
What's, a Hobbit to a goblin. What'S a goblin to a Gandalf 
Grey to white, I saved their life, create a line you can't cross 
Saved my dimes and paid my tithes will not accept a handout. 
 Got ta, take my time to make my mind and find a way to stand out. 
So. What'S the plan now To rap, like you, 
Money cars, clothes, hoes, strapped Nike, shoes, 
Snap, backs tats ass, cracks, white, coupe, 
Slash, fast cash, hashtag, I'm through 
I, don't need your help to be myself 
And. I don't need the wealth until the CD see's, the shelf 
And. I won't see the shelf until these MP3's are felt. 
Won'T sell a record till you get the message 
So you pop the molly and sweating 
You pop the molly and sweating 
I pop tamales, my block's behind me, 
We, kamikaze straight wrecking 
Got, a flock of flying helicopters. Diving 
Just shot the pilots in the cockpit riding 
Then tossed the bodies. They'Re not surviving. 
Now parts are flying straight wreckage, 
Just lost the sirens. No cop will find us 
In tropic islands got lots of mileage, 
We walking giants, but talk in private 
Get lost in silence. Don'T question 
My logic guiding not profit. Eyeing 
My flow is violent. I talk Poseidon 
A squad of pirates behind me, 
Straight wrecking ... 
 
