50 Bars Lyrics
by 50 Cent.


50 bars of pleasure 50 bars of pain, 
When I'm dead and gone niggas gon'. Remember my name: 50 
 
50 Cent. 
Black is flashy like Alpo gun happy like Pappy 
Sneaky muthafucka'mind me of nigga. That clapped me 
He ain't, the type you shoot dice with and win dog 
Unless you tryna get your ass laid out in Gilmore 
He had some soldiers ,'mind me Troy and E-Bags 
When. They came through. They hollored like What up comrade 
Grimy niggas, they loved to get gully 
Summertime still had on black gloves and skullies 
The Lex 450 pulled up that's
Cornbread 
Them niggas from Philly woulda called him an old head 
But. He a OG ,'mind me of Chaz and Bump real low key 
Sounded, like they don't know, nothin about drama 
His money sent many men through trauma. 
Switchy walked in son. This bitch had the baddest ass 
The bulletproof glass was rolled down on his S-Class 
Heard in DC. He kept mad blocks in order 
Picture this a young nigga gettin it like Rich Porter, 
Sonny came in for half a pit. He got knocked 
He on lock, still controllin the spot from Comstock 
Pop pulled up in the CL5 surprised. He came 
His man just got fucking murked by some lame 
Heard. He got it in the Range nigga Caine popped, one 
On his brain over some-thang took his
watch and his chain 

In the black 740. I sat my hat turned back 
Down down baby Nelly singin my wrist blingin. What 
I'm waiting on this nigga Wise three loaves for two pies 
Son? He smokin that shit. I can see it in his eyes. 
Comin up Wise and locs is close. 
And locs ride'round lookin for wires to toast 
Benny hopped out the Escalade with a few thorough men, 
From B-More, they sellin heroin in Maryland, 
His first batch of diesel. He killed like 4 fiends 
His popularity grew that only meant more cream 
First. It was him and his brother. Now he got a team 
Went from 5 and a half grams to livin the dream 
Seen he pulled up goddamn. You know his format: 
Bentley Azure, marble in the door, mink floor, mats, 
Hit the hazards out the stash box popped, two Glocks 
Theme song, All Eyez on Me, 2Pac 
Everybody know he a boss. He still got ta floss 
He on the same bullshit that sent Gotti up north 
That's Ty in the blue GS stuntin
like. He Nicky Barnes 
He broke, but he talk like he a Don 
Homes hoppin out the Jag. That'S Max Haitian cat 
Kill, a nigga quick, remind me of Haitian Jack 
I peeped, his style son. I know his steelo. He on the d-low 
He smile at niggas, mumblin fuck, you in Creole 
Heard war stories bout, how he maneuver with the Ruger 
Hold the iron horizontally and send shots through ya. 
Few niggas tried to merk him. Most them got found. 
Some turned away: try to run they in wheelchairs, now 
Banks hopped out bulletproof. This bulletproof that 
Bulletproof snorkel bulletproof hat 
Got out a black Hummer. He blew 90 on that 
Poppin mad shit, like he gon na bulletproof, that let's go 
 
