500 Horses Lyrics
by Yung Joc.


I walk in my garage.
I got a lot of choices.
Should I ride the Benz.
Or should I ride the Porsche.
Ima ride the slab, cause it match my Air Forces.
I need to build a stable, to hold all of my horses.

I got 455, imagine having two.
Yeah, this is how it feels ridin' 500 horses.
I can't hear the music, the pipe's too noisy.
This is how it feels ridin' 500 horses.

High speed chase twelve can't catch me.
Five hundred horses, that's a stampede.
Magic city ?
Young, rich, and thuggin' plus the whole hood ?
Pullin' off the lot lookin' like I push big block.
'69 Camaro 396 big block.
All original interior I like my shit stock.
I'm the way to MLK I gotta make a pit stop.
Pull up to the rim shop flip flop, swag it out.
Porsche truck super sport, take it to my partner's house.
Four cups of that ocean spray, lookin like a tidal wave.
No leans ? check out what the title say.
Harley Davidson truck pullin' up I got the right of way.
Perforated leather smell like ? in night or day.
Connected all over the place, 52 United States.
?, kiss my ass, ? license plate.

I walk in my garage, I got a lot of choices.
Should I ride the Benz, or should I ride the Porsche?
Ima ride the slab, cause it match my Air Forces.
I need to build a stable to hold all of my horses.
I got 455, imagine havin' two, yeah.
This is how it feels ridin' 500 horses.
I can't hear the music, the pipe's too noisy.
This is how it feels ridin' 500 horses.

I got 500 horses, the whip got me giddyup.
30 inch rims ?
Where your top go? Man I had to get rid of her.
Take your shoes off baby doll before you sit in here.
Boom, then we gone, bout 150 m-p-h.
Pullin out the old school, just so I can see 'em hate.
Runnin through the city lights, watchin' for the city cops.
Got these people breakin they neck to see my diddy bop.
Could've had the 'maro but I'm always in the Challengers.
10 stacks to race, do I have any challengers?
Wet like a ?, 500 horses, that's 500 W's, I'm rackin' up on pink slips.

You can tell them little ponies I got 500 horses.
And when it come to hoes I got like 500 choices.
Motor keyed up, beat turned up loud.
Lean in my cup, yeah the kush bag.
loud.
Ran up my check, old school back in the shop again.
Call momma candy tell 'em go back in my block again.
Ooh, look I'm peelin out, lookin' like a star.
Hit the club racked up, I might just buy the bar.
Turbo twin pipe, hit the gas I'm on that fast shit.
Money, money, money, money, all about that cash shit.
Old schools, new schools, Lambos, Porsches.
This is how it feels ridin' 500 horses.

