6th Sense Lyrics
by The Underachievers.

Produced by The Entreproducers 
 
Touch. Taste., Sight. Smell., Hearing 
These are the senses that connect us to the world. 
But. Are there more than 5 senses, 
 
Dreaming of things that two eyes can never see 
Consciousness future levels that he never did. 
Imagine fathomable, but the story only brings 
An unimaginable trinity to a king, 
Who, traded, the adversities of sin 
So. He could transcend to a gloriful place, 
He loved, the beneficial fruit, so plentiful in taste, 
And, rid superficial delusions of a human race. 
Visions of that world is what keeps the strong alive 
But I'm immortal, so my soul's never afraid to die. 
A young pharaoh walking amongst these human lives. 
Consciousness is higher 
reaching and grabbing my desires, 
The elevated saint, creating with his third eye 
Woke up out of a dream covered in gold like a wristwatch 
Now watch as I masterfully steal, the top spot 
I pop, like a killer waiting on your doorstop 
No straps cause. My heart equipped nigga for combat 
No rats finest in my clip. We reinforce that 
Boss stats. We on our way back we'bout to change rap 
Face punt, any nigga in our way, so keep back 
The, soon debated greatest spitting shit that nigga craving 
Sixth sense meditated. It all a nigga need to make it soul. Go 
Three smoke burning, sour diesel. 
We float like a fairy out a fucking fable, 
Or, a ghost all a nigga missing. Is his halo 
Same flow? Don'T you niggas think it's time to switch it up. 
Pesos keep you niggas grindin' like some lame goats, 
You, lame, goats, 
, 
Sixth, sense, nigga, why you talkin' you hopeless 
And! If you only use five, you soulless 
Me and my niggas out a scene from out your dreams: 
Showin' niggas life, never would've, seen 
 
Woke up in a cemetary full of martians 
Body carved and cut up like I was spartan 
Apart from the rays that band music Played 
Hey rain on the farm for four days, 
Caged in like a human-headed lion, 
On, the sands of Egypt, I
pledge allegiance 
To, 40 ounces, ballrooms and short blouses 
Stare in that mirror. Now watch me get aroused quick 
Low, as the mountain high as the ground is 
My. Mind is on some upside-down shit 
Irises, showing me how powerful the mind is. 
Your highness is sharin' pictures with a talking lioness .
 Please is a 
In, a planet like ours, where the liars lead us 
You came here tonight, crying to be dusk, 
Fuss grab a knife, fuck life, 
The, slut's pray, go deeper than nuns, say, 
Front row to the streets gun play, 
Who is to say one is, and One'S not 
The rock lives. The Glock gives just one shot pop 
Now you're alive, free from all the lies. 
Who knew our dreams would be the afterlife 
Grab. The rifle shootin' at stars is so delightful 
Rippin' out hearts. No one likes it like. I do 
I do whatever it takes to get the title: 
Of one we'll jack it in the sun. Son 
You, know the devil. Only when you become one 
Kush cloud now all I
need is rum, fun, 
Hot, stoves grenades and sun shades. 
My life is abstract, 
Picassos and potholes. 
Not knowin', they soul, showed through glows 
I overlap. These cons, replacin' them with pros yo.
 
