8 Mile Road (G-Unit Remix) Lyrics
by 50 Cent.

50 Cent 
Yeah.. 50 Cent, Lloyd Banks, Tony Yayo, 
G-UNIT, 
, 
Lloyd Banks, 
This rap shit, plays a major part of my life 
So. If you jeapordize it, I got the right: 
To send a mothafucka at you tonight 
G-Unit And I ain't
stoppin' to my clique, poppin' 
Swimmin' in barrels of money. 
Ma could walk around wit' a head up and challenge you dummy 
It's funny niggas rather see you sufferin' and hungry 
I'm hungry as hell skatin' with another nigga's money, 
You lyin', your ass off. You know you ain't that tough 
I'm pullin' your mask off as soon as you act up. 
You know what I came for it. Isn'T the game ball 
Artillary, that's about as long as a chainsaw 
I'm wide awake, but it still feels like I'm dreamin' 
Forty cal.. Under my pillow condom feelin', my semen 
The physical presence of a female form of a demon 
That's. Why I fuck'em and leave'em 
Get my nut while I'm breathin' 
Cause, they thought they'd catch me slippin'! Now, I'm duckin' and trippin' 
That's, a thousand dollar outfit. What the fuck is you rippin', 
You trippin' more records could get my ass in position. 
Death waits for no religion, whether Catholic or Christian 
Listen. I went through Mama bitchin' in and out the kitchen 
With probable cause Papa was in and out of prison 
You got soldiers, but you still got ta respect. Ours 
We got more four five's and nines than a deck of cards. 
 
Tony Yayo 
You can take me out the'hood, but can't take the'hood out me 
Cause, I'm ghetto, I'm ghetto 
Niggas hate. When you do good 
But. When you broke your friends and your enemies, 
They love you, they love you 
Chi Chi, get the yayo 
Picture me being crack out of town trips on the trail. 
Chi Chi get the yayo 
Picture me being crack. 
You can sift me cut me I'll turn you to a junkie 
I'm, the number one seller in the whole fuckin' country, 
Wallstreet niggas. They cop me on the low 
White boys. Don'T call me coke. They call me blow 
It's time to go on the bus, the train, the plane, 
I'll smuggle I'm nothin', but trouble 
I'll make your money double 
Cook me in baking, soda 
I'll turn your Hooprock into a new Range Rover, 
I'll pay all your bills and fill your'frigerator 
Feed. Your family turn your man to a hater 
Put me in your doorpanels or your stashbox 
Put me in your Nik's Timbs or Reeboks 
If, you, cop three and a half you hustling backwards. 
Cop, a hundred grams. You moving forwards, 
You tryin', to move more birds, 
 ... In PA all day on the corner of Third 
 
50 Cent. 
You can take me out the'hood, but can't take the'hood out me. 
Cause, I'm ghetto, I'm ghetto. 
Picture me polishin' pistols, I'm comin' to get you 
The shells hit you you screamin' 
Think, I'm playin'. I mean it 
Man I done bought all these pistols. 
Lets get it poppin'. 
Start wavin', my emboies shell cases get the droppin' 
Like. If it's down the corner, I got too much pride to hide 
I'm outside gun in my pocket, just stunnin', I'm stoppin' 
I'm dyin' to pop it I'm young and I'm restless. You know my contestants 
As. The world turns 
there's lessons to be learned. 
Count. All my blessin's clean up my weapons, 
I'm ready for war, the strong survive, the weak will parish. 
I told you before hoes. They compliment me now, like 50 nice chain, 
Belagio, twenty grand in chips at a dice game, 
Burn out can't stop got ta watch. Mtv BET. 
Nigga, you see me 
I, wonder if you mad cause, I'm doin' good 
Or cause niggas feelin' me more than you in your own'hood 
And. It hurts cause you love'em and they don't love you back 
Cause. They know you just rappin' and you don't bust. A gat, 
You, pussy, 
 
Yeah, explain it to niggas in your hood. Nigga 
They know you fuckin' frontin' nigga 
Talkin', like gangstas. On a record. I see you nigga 
Niggas know me: nigga ask around in my'hood nigga 
Read the Daily News nigga, you see them talkin' about me. Nigga 
I'm, in the middle of all kinds of shit. 
Pussy lets get it poppin' 
 
G-G-Unit, G-G-Unit, G-G-G-Unit, G-G-G-G-G-G-Unit, G-Unit, 
, 
