\Cleopatra\ Lyrics
by Rx.

Rx 
 
Love just ain't what it use to be 
Men worried'bout they women, hoping they don't get used to me - 
It's crazy. How they be choosing me 
All, they see, is dollar signs. 
These women, ain't using me, 
Typical nigga mindset bet 
But you just working too long. 
What you expect 
Mercedes pull out Range. Rover pull in 
Nigga just walked out 
Nigga'bout to walk in 
Dim lights, time right candles by the bed sheets 
Dinner on the table. They ain't even tryin', eat 
Straight to the bathroom hot water runnnin' in the sink 
Mirrors foggy shorty likes it kink 
Hands on her thighs 
Legs, getting tired, 
Rollin' back her eyes, 
Hoping for a surprise, 
She, don't even care that her man just left 
She just wan na', Feel good forget the rest, 
 
Love Love. She don't want a man, 
Love Love. She don't want a man. She just wan. Na' have fun 
Love Love. She don't want a man, 
Love Love. She don't want a man. She just wan. Na' have fun 
 
Legs up bra on 
Panties, all lace, 
Hand full of hair. She just wan na', feel great 
She feel like she deserve it. She don't feel a disgrace 
And. She just got deserted. It'S alot on her plate. 
They call her Cleopatra the leo actor 
It's. She i'm after 
She got a diary. I'M hoping i could be a chapter 
Call her a actress cause she's the master of disaster 
And. He don't even know that's crazy, but she just has to 
Kiss his face 
Lie to him. 
Tell him, it's okay, 
And everything be straight 
Like every single day, 
he on his way to work and somebody coming there 
And. He don't even know he being treated unfair 
And. She can't even tell you if it's ever gone, end 
And. He ain't got a clue. So, no time should he spend 
Supposed to be her man. When he should've been her friend 
Mercedes pull out 
Range Rover pull in 
, 
Love Love. She don't want a man. 
Love Love. She don't want a man, she just wan. Na' have fun 
Love Love. She don't want a man, 
Love Love. She don't want a man. She just wan na', have fun 
 
Bodies sweatin' for hours, 
Wake up pass out golden showers, 
Using his towel to dry. Her lover off 
And, he don't know he got ta' brush her off mm 
Then. She put one of his shirts on 
This girl is devious and he don't got ta' work long, so 
Hurry up and put them clothes on 
Blow them candles out, 
She feeling so gone. 
Kiss her face and grab them keys, 
She lay down, can't feel her knees, 
All cause. He can't feel her needs 
When. He gone. She beg and pleads 
Ten minutes'for. He come in time, gettin' thin 
time for you to go. She ain't never caught. Slip'N 
This is where the acting really be-gins 
Range Rover pull out. 
Mercedes pull in 
, 
Love Love. She don't want a man, 
Love Love. She don't want a man. She just wan na' have fun 
Love Love. She don't want a man, 
Love Love. She don't want a man she just wan. Na' have fun
 
