A Christmas Fucking Miracle Lyrics
by Run the Jewels.


That was me in BK on Atlantic 
Never, looked both ways ran in traffic, 
Pops went away, but I stayed vagrant 
Placed, where the steel and cement became nature 
Love. What you did with the place. It looks gorgeous 
Cityscape where the blood of good men courses 
And the dreamers, are bull, trapped in porcelain, 
Take, a knee to the gods and get horse shit. 
 Wan na live for the thrill. They'Ll, arrange it 
Got a bevy of imps to spit hatred. 
Shit'Ll get in your head and cause panic 
Have you desperately begging to get famous 
Get your dignity, dirty and left orphaned, 
Sanity on the fringe of distorted 
Who. Are they to just take shit and hoard it 
Who? Am I that I don't get my portion 
The most impressionable minds, get molested and informed by manipulating
forces 
Don't fret little man don't cry, they can never take the energy inside you were
born with 
Knowing that understand you could never be poor. 
You already won the war. You were born, rich 
You can only take the energy you had 
Going back to the realm or the home, where your lord is 
Whoever, whatever that lord is couldn't 
Give a fuck. If you ever made fortunes 
Fuck anyone ever trying to run that bum shit 
Send'em to the flames where the orcs live, 
Them and the lost minds, thinking they're smarter than us 
Don't understand love's importance. 
And. We can weaponize that bring'em back to the truth, 
Where the ashes and dust got formed in 
, 
The beat breaks and your teeth break 
Keep your canines embedded in my knuckles as a keepsake 
It, would seem your veneers just mere souvenirs falling out your mouth and on
to. The landscape, 
Me and El-P do the secret handshake 
Then. I pummel punch a pumpkin head punk in his pimple face 
'Till he's punch, drunk cause, he's sweet as a pound, cake, 
, Yeah, El I'll, say 
Into, the wild wildstyle ghetto child running wild 
Where, the lions and the owls stay 
The powers that be even offered up. Reprieves 
Told us they ain't, take us out. If we bow to our knees, 
But they can give that to the kings and the queens 
And, the worshipers of idols and followers of things 
Cause. I would rather be in the jungle with the savages, 
It's kill or be killed, and I'm working with the averages 
My professor emeritus 
Say. We been cursed being brought to the Amerikkkas 
How. You raise a whole human, single parent, no marriages, no sense of heritage, 
Planned Parenthood, helping plan miscarriages 
But, I'm lucky mommy, already had a narrative 
Product of a teenage love. My arrogance 
Derives from the pride in the job my parents did 
Named Mike, I was told it was godlike. 
Even danced with the devil, came out. Alright, 
OK honor y'all No way 
Still spell Amerikkka with the triple K, 
Word up to Spice 1 and O'Shea 
And. Any MC peeping what I go through: 
Real rap, my last line's, so true, 
Rest in peace to Pimp C and Camu too 
We. Do it for you
 
