A Little Fucked Up Lyrics
by Twiztid.


I know you hate it.
Butcher knife is serrated.
Ever since second grade.
I've been murder infatuated, morbidly fascinated.
So keeping me medicated is prolly the only way.
That I'm ever safe to come play with.
Hard to understand like I'm speaking another language.
To people who never wrapped up a body inside a blanket.
And heave it into a river with heavy shit.
That'll take it to the bottom.
I'm telling y'all.
Hang with the downtrodden.
And causing your town problems.
I'm feeding your broad condoms.
Full of my cum squadrons.
Come from a long column of wrong.
So please don't be surprised when you see what my chainsaws.
Addicted to getting brain from dumb broads with smart mouths.
And keep away from them bum frauds and go all out.
And I'm rap's equivalent to a chemical fallout.
And I'm only here to let the demon dogs out.

I'm a little....
I'm a little bit fucked up in the head.
I'm little... I'm a little....
I'm a little bit fucked up in the head.

Who wanna see they skulls outside of they face?
Tuck they tongue inward just to see how they souls tastes.
Fingers through they temples, touching brains as they meditate.
In a cannibalistic, pessimistic, zombie-like state.
Overcome by night and infected by the sickness.
My mind's lights out, total darkness - it brings the wicked.
Like a soul weaver, weaving in and out of consciousness.
Like a nightmare you can't contain in your sleep, so picture this.
In a room full of blood, a headless body's on the wall.
Is it your body? Where's your head?
It must be down the hall, is it tangled in intestines?
Screaming and trying to reconnect.
In hopes of reanimating a head to a severed neck.
I'm a madman, ink blots look like malice and havoc.
A couple buckles short of my straightjacket.
I'm manic depressant - in an essence, I'm fucked up.
Can't blast images that appear, and the voices never stop.
Even when I cover my ears.

I never said that I was sane.
Something inside my brain got me crazy.
Fuck, call me deranged.
Fuck, label me weird and strange.
There's a thousand voices that say.
I should take my broken mind and maybe just do away with it.
Fuck it, give me another minute.
I'll be laughing, making a casket, laying my ass in it, soooo.
Fuck it, forget it, I've already made it and laid in.
And nothing's different, my head keeps spinning and I keep grinning.

Cuz I'm a lunatic laughing.
Right from the beginning all the way to the nuthouse.
I be the opposite of winning but right now.
I'm only here to kidnap women and children.
And turn the lights out.
I'm giving a hundred degrees of insanity, please.
Go get your kids and your wife out.
It's only seconds until I go get the knives out.
And I told you I'm a couple bulbs short up in my lighthouse.

