A spider in the night Lyrics
by Twisted Insane.


Brainsick.
Yeah that, yeah now you.
Brain.
Brain, brain, brain, brain, brain, brain, brain.
Shiet.
Yeah, gather around.
Come one, come motherfuckin' all nigga.
It's like it's, it's like it's.

It's like a spider in the night, that will hit your ass with just one bite.

Now you don't wanna get affiliated with a nigga that'll run on mothafuckas.
who bust on sight.
Brainsick, run up on a semi-automatic mac 11 when I put one in ya dome.

Niggas said they runnin from the hollow tip go in body bricker breaker like a.
fat Jim Jones.
Get up out'cha seat for the brainsick song.
Black on my face for every mission.
Bustin on niggas when i'm in the zone.
Why you think half of these people is missin.
Why you think half of these niggas is dissin.
Cuz i'm putting there bodies in rags.
Then why you think half of these people is pissin.

Brain, brain, brain, brain, brain, brain, brain.

Run up on a nigga when I hit'em with a little bit of liquor when i'm.
Comin for the dough.
Ain't no stoppin this when I calligrapy cuz i'm droppin this on motha fuckas.
that'll be off I didn't blow.
You niggas really dont wanna bite out of me cuz I paddle a nigga when i be up.
in his mothafucking brain.
Hysteria with fist of fury, never never hurry.
I'ma bury it and bind a fucker with a six foot string.
Can I keep it goin can I keep it goin til the sun come up.
You run up you get done.
Take it to my ?
i smell the blood of a english man til I hit ‘em faster.
What I really wanted to do was to smoke a blunt in this month.
But I'm drinkin' it up quick with a pint this month.
Then I really gotta top it and get the nigga wanna nut.
And I really want nigga to be in public ‘fore I gotta cut her.

Get the bottle poppin' off the homie and the body rott.
Maybe you could take another bullet in the room.
Hit it with the venom when I'm livin' off of venom.
And the niggas in the building before I carry for they doom.
It's a spider in the night, fill the body with the sick 9 millimeter.
Motherfuckers better bang, bang.
Poppin' off another one and cut ‘em with the venom when I pop that.
Brain, brain, brain, brain, brain, brain, brain.

They want that.
Got some motherfucker lookin' at me like a nigga really wanna get up and sit.
up.
Put bullets in motherfuckers that wanna run up on fellas.
Put bullets in motherfuckers that's all sent up on me.
Get the bitch grippin' and poppin' up on me.
Hit a biddy bitch for until for me to come in, ay.
Nigga better check that's for Michael like you want a thing.

Brain, brain, brain, brain, brain, brain, brain.

And I don't really give a, you don't really give a.
Who don't give a fuck about a nigga that's comin' up out of poverty.

Poppin' every nigga that won't never ever bother me.
On top of the motherfuckers that be after the brain.
Cause I keep sinnin' with the 50, with the Hen.
Feed it to my stomach, start messin' with the gin.
Lurk around corner where the niggas really wanna hit the Bloody Mary.
Hold on, before the blunt goes in.

Wait, hold up nigga, hold up.
Ay, what are you doin'.
Ay, that nigga smokin' all the motherfuckin' weed.
Ay, fuck that shit nigga.

But you can't just smoke a pot of weed like that homie.
Ay, pass that shit nigga.
Yeah, it's motherfucker trip.
Yeah.
Okay.

