A Type of Limbo Lyrics
by Ty Infinite.


It's like I'm running in circles everyday.
And I can't escape despite my turning every way.
Smoke another bowl and in place I stay.
Man, an eighth a day cannot phase my crave.
For the release from this world, I'm feeling queasy, hurl.
If held in any longer it would rot and curl inside of me.
Sodomy, lots of girls on the side of me bothering.
Glocks in whirls, I'm all in.
Picking on Lebron and balling.
Islamics study these atomics I'm bombing.
I won't hold back, throw with all my arm.
And all this just to be called the bombest.
I crime, the law miss, alarming.
Who else is doing it? Super the long list.
Shooting and robbing, I'm shooting for diamonds.
And owning the gusto assuming the dimest.
I'm Gung-Ho, here I come with guns loaded.
And I'm bread for assault, I'm sus yo.
Elevated shadiness is taking away the gray in the mist.
It's black and it's back from Duane in the mix.
And playing the sticks of an Infinite.

Listen, hear it.
It's that moment when them circles turn to spirals.
Got them miles building up, it could obstruct a hundred dials.
Tired of squares taking up time while I'm full throttle.
Man I'm liable to beat you over the head with a bible.
Then go and down another bottle, bitch I'm bossing.
I'm breaking glass and feeling awesome.
Bound to beat somebody's ass, I'm drunk off a case of Boston.
Picking up girls like Koston, living it up my cause is.
No matter what the fuck the cost is.
I'm living to pass the pauses.
Now I'm just trying to be subtly personal.

Flip your mind and that's v. versa too.
So what'll you do when it's me vs you?
Fall back, better retreat bitch.
Before you end up heads up, six feet deep, bitch.
As you can see I get pissed easy, bitch.
So if you want a challange come and meet me, bitch.
I don't discriminate, I hate everyone.
Big red letters on my T, I meant the pun.
Yeah, homie know me, better believe I lie to none.
So when this done, better believe that I have won.

That's my word, twice, double over.
That's it, and I'm gone.

