Act Like Ya Don't Know Lyrics
by The Wreckshop Family.

Noke D 
Ask any one of these niggas who the realest they know, 
Who put it down on the streets and in the studio, 
Who grind everyday and work as hard as they play 
Who, making major moves and not end up in get way: hey, hey, 
, 
D-Reck, 
We so many rap dons, rap hustlers and rap kings, 
With rap things bragging bout, bling-bling, 
I ain't, gon say that I'm sitting on the throne 
Just know Reck comfortable with the seat he sitting on 
So. I don't write no mo' just recite. These flows 
I'ma lead that new, so called Freestyle. Pro'S 
Just give me the riches, give me the bitches 
Champagne bad dames and O's fools on switches, 
, 
Double D 
Man. I just love when these haters start spreading, they rumors 
And. Let me know whatever I'm doing should of done it sooner 
I ain't fucked up about em fool. I still got em 
In my hand like a bird. If you niggas ain't heard 
Yeah, I'm back now reunited how you niggas gon na act. Now 
I bet you niggas wan na come and get a track. Now. 
Me and Reck and Noke D got'em packed now 
You, better back down fool, 
, 
These, niggas tripping acting funny acting like they don't know, 
You, better respect the name before we kick in your do'. 
 
And any nigga who a thug right now 
In the club right now show love right now: ) 
, 
Tyte, Eyez, 
It's time that my presence be known. 
It was hard, but I thank God for the blessings he's shown 
And the knowledge that he gave me to maneuver through the hate, 
So many roaches, so many rats, so many fleas. So many snakes 
In the grass it make me laugh the way you fags spit your flows. 
And. If brains was dynamite, you niggas couldn't blow your nose. 
How the fuck you gon blow up, say man hold up 
Y'all, niggas ain't, freestyle, kings, y'all, offspring, so grow up. 
 
D-Gotti 
Boys know we put it down fa real 
Got, it thoed with the pen, but I hold the steel ha 
And, I'm a MC killa. I do it for my niggas 
Double D, laced the track Reck fronted the figgas 
Bops scheming, let my jokes out: nigga hot now, 
Wreckshop reloaded and we bout to drop. Now. 
Know, I'm saying you, dogs, ain't playing this year, 
I'm out the Penitentiary trying to leave these suckas in the rear; 
I fear, no man, but God 
This my motherfucking job. It'S my life for when times get hard 
Cause these fraud, mo'fuckers ain't deceiving young nigga 
Get. Your grind on get up out the gutta and see riches. You bitches 
, 
Noke D, 
Ask, any one of these niggas who the realest they know, 
Who put it down on the streets and in the studio. 
Who grind everyday and work as hard as they play. 
Who. Making major moves and not end up in get way: hey, hey
, 
