Act On It Lyrics
by Swollen Members.

Prevail 
Before I fade to black in the shaded shack 
In a box with handles, and my family in back 
I will have achieved my life in leaves of paper that kept me safer, than
hangin with theives 
I've, been in the big house, but not for long 
But. Long enough to know it's hard to make songs, 
I played my cards and kept movin along 

You. Don'T continue with circles, we generate light 
So, three hundred and sixty five days. I study and write 
I bloody, the mic and will continue to learn 
From the best in the world until the night I burn 
I fought for my turn. You can check my gloves. 
We both have inkpads covered with blood and scabs 
I love what I have, but I will progress 
And. I do every day when I take my first step, 
It's all about Breath when it's done, I'm gone. 
And death is a pawn in a game on a board of which I'm on 
I've had a sword. In my palm from the very first tracks, 
That were cut, mastered and released under battleaxe 
It's nice to know that I've been a part of something reversal, 
Camouflage to Consumption, 
 
Yo, it's funny how time flies. 
Life has lows and highs: 
And, that's no surprise. 
Come, along for the ride 
Can you handle the drive 
Act on it. Cause life can flash before your eyes. 
Time flies lows and highs, and that's no surprise. 
Come along for the ride can you handle the drive 
Act on it? Cause life can flash before your eyes. 
 
Madchild 
Before, I'm laid to rest I'mma, do my best 
Cause. The biggest death threat is too many regrets 
And. I ain't goin out like I wonder what woulda happened: 
If I'd, never given up 
Kept on rappin 
Been, so many years of blood, sweat and tears. 
Fears to overcome so I'mma give it my all 
And when it's last call 
At least there'll, be no questioning 
If, I fall I'll know it just wasn't my destiny 
Maybe. It'S not meant to be, but eventually 
I gaurantee I'll satisfy myself mentally 
I'm, sick and tired of the position acquired. 
I appreciate it, but I've seen visions in fire. 
A premonition, spiritually, awaken 
With doses and moments of magic to take in 
We'll, keep it movin' and go at it. Whole-Hearted 
Madchild works the hardest to finish what he started. 
 
 Prevail, 
 
We move with grace, 
 
Though. It feels like a race 
, 
The, strange and great 
 
From noone listening 
 
