Aesthetic  Beautiful Rise Prelude Lyrics
by Swoope.


So amazing, it's the real thing: 
Your mercy, sweet as the sunshine 
 
So, real, so bonafide, 
So, beautiful, pure and so divine 
So, authentic, so alive, 
Feel. Oh so right when I close my eyes, 
And think about how You were supposed to kill 
Your enemy, which was me, but You chose to chill 
Sent Your Son Jesus Christ to close the deal. 
This is what real life's supposed to feel like 
Ah yeah, ah yeah. Ah, 
This is what real life's supposed to feel like 
 
Take, a breath of that freshness. 
Grace exhale inhale 
Nothing less than that fresh gift 
Saved I should've been in hell 
In jail in grave 
But. I'Ve been sealed with the Spirit engraved 
Grace running through me, but it ain't in vein, 
I'm feeling, like I'm insane in the membrane 
Crazy grace covered 
Gravy, grace smothered 
It's, no other. That'S full of rain like a gutter, 
That died and suffered and feel the pain and still comforts 
The stars of the autumn. That'S the hearts of the fallen 
Yeah. Our hearts was the problem. 
But Your cross was the answer like Iverson ballin' 
The Lord chose us. The Lord shows us His love, 
With Christ, facing our fate and taking our place like foreclosures 
It's got ta be love. The Lord showed up 
With that balcony love to watch over us 
I needed You to save myself. It was urgent, 
Cuz see I couldn't save myself. Like a virgin 
But now, my past is past. Like Earvin 
Magic Merlin 
Your grace is classic Gershwin 
 
This one goes out to my homie. Do Dirt 
Got that news'bout that wreck I was too hurt. 
My prayer wasn't thankful that it wasn't me 
But grateful for grace that your fate wasn't Sully G's 
Homie hopped in the whip seat, 
With the liquor in his kidneys feeling kinda tipsy 
Got his face banged on the wheel, 
So much blood that he thought he got banged By the steel 
Car wrapped around the pole, 
But, the Lord had His arms wrapped around his soul, 
 
This one goes out to my mother 
Hated to see you like that. Even though I love ya 
Felt, like you hit a hammer to my chest, 
When you told me it was cancer in your breast 
But. You took it like a G, though 
Doctor's constantly taking your blood like mosquito for chemo 
Pill after pill, no placebo 
Pain from 1 to 10 was a 3-0 
Hair short as DeVito and ego bald 
I'll show you what grace'll do 
The Lord gave you just enough strength To make it through 
We outchea, though your head ain't got, the latest do 
Without hair girl cancer couldn't phase you 
 
This. One goes out to my wife and child 
Just, one cuz at the time'phia wasn't'round 
For, the Lord's grace the night. We was duckin' down 
Duckin' rounds from that busted sound 
Ra, ra bullets from a 22 
Cuz, some youngin' pulled his gun to shoot. 
We got one in the house two through the window, pane 
But three in one was in the house. We ain't feel no pain, 
 
