Ahh few bars Lyrics
by ZManic.

Me i got the llamas in tahh slaughter goons boom boom boom, given homonyms to
autotunes Im like ight fool, I get
you with them techs yeah. I said techs 
No effects rifles like them, rednecks 
Imma. Let that lead wreck that knife will let ya headrest 
Jaw up an ya head. Pezed exposed
neck got ta. Let that dez press ya pecs an out the backs. 
Eatin up these pussies, like ahh lez about tahh, wax Ill, be bout. The tracks 
Puffin Loud packs, an stuffin racks, no tax 
If, you bout dat, then watch ya backs for ya bout. Tahh lack 
My, one nigga, lovin licks in gloves an shit trigga pull enough. Tahh click jus
tahh get that stuff that stick 
Bodies where the tarp fit doin murders like ahh champ, do 
Take the knife insert er hit the carpet wit, the shampoo 
Burn ahh nigga in the worst degree murder in the first for me, 
We leaving pieces diced takin lifes, Like the pops ahh jesus christ 
If, you tryna imitate me an ya artificial, ill straight, eliminate G's, an then
ill start, ahh vigil candle light 
Grippin pistols, an the handles tight, slippin missiles, flannel height
, 
Seein, more toes than ya. Sandals. Might all tags no Childs play body bags in piles, lay bout ahh miles way: 
An ill stay ahh soldier wit my gear, tucked an I always got: ahh handy tool, 
Tears slip in ya, tear duct snitchin like that Sammy bull, get ya rear fucked wit. No pity, like P Diddy, in
his kilt 
Snitchin, never fit me nitty gritty. How I'm built faggot niggas are the saddest
my jacket inhabit madness, an havoc 
If ya got it. I got ahh. Have it dippin quick interest in murder, avid rippin
clips, im, lookin rabid lean? We sippin trip an tip fuckin satisfied, ahh rat has
died. Now I got ahh, add ahh, lick ya, resist ill, be pissed hit ahh nigga, wit, ahh
slab ahh, brick 
Out quicker, then ahh rabbit, shit
ya girl, sick. So she hurl, I got ahh have her quick, 
My shit click turn ahh bitch to ahh cadaver wit, my mad hatter shit money, tall
so tall niggas need ahh ladder, wit 
Gun, em, all pullin, triggas evidence, tahh tatter with hide shit, an scatter shit 
If. You got it. Let ya hip blast. Bitch ass ill leave ya, where the crips pass an
dip fast 
An, if not ill. Let them bloods know flood hoes, wit. Blood flow out. Both you an
ya buds nose. 
Given niggas ought ohs placed in the same hole, ya. Slut goes never apart.
 Headshots set in clever tahh
start 
An, the bitch got lead in tahh sever her heart. I ain't, no powerful, lawyer
funerals, full ahh flowers them Royers 
An. I ain't no judge when niggas ain't budgin jus a few shots hit that nigga
his brother sister mother, her mister, an cousin, 
Dreamin ahh cheddar in stacks, an my fingers, lookin orange, while im getting better with macs an kickin niggas
doors in 
Ahh couple. I wish death to brains, paint the walls. Any nigga they breathe
breath to gonn need some gauze 
Cuz. You no sleep on me, no matter what ya do best place to see for you will be
ICU 
Yeah nigga ICU. Do you see me? I stay true, kill you an flee 
That's, how it do an how it be thorough, an quick you ain't even know it. 
The borough be pissed cuz, we growin an blowin, 
Talkin, more shit, Hope ya war, fit bullets in orbit, get da door hit, go through
an, get ya core bit, 
Nigga forfeit. I take the strap from where I store it out. Ahh my pocket notice
my Glock fit fixin tahh mount ahh eye, socket 
So, I cock it, an rock it nigga halt you ain't gone far: triggas pull get ya
caught in the lumbar 
An ahh few in the clavicle bet. Ya. Never knew that this rappin bull even had
ahh tool. 
So, I hope that lead it taste fine hit the head. An waistline 
An leave em shittin brown like the middies fire hittin down in the kidneys 
Mittens. An the alleys in the town hid thee, fake niggas, I rid thee, so basically ya dead or ya. Wit me 
Ain't stressin, on shit. I do me an let Wesson do hits while my mind sprints 
If, yall, confessin, no hints ill find Clints an shove it in ya belly, I glove it. An ya smelly, wit, the
violence 
Choppahs, like ya gov, get an the heli bringin silence 
In. My dreams got an O to keep me opposite from low on the finest weeds we blow
an plant, the finest seeds tahh grow, 
Crib, tricked out the finest killas say ya. Highness wit. Coke up in the sinus
ain't shit out there like mine, is 
5 piece, an nuggets, micky D murder rates crease in the slug fit trick, wit, me
ya sure tahh fade 
Take, ya, arms turn em, while we tussle quick, hits turn ya sternum to ahh puzzle
 gun like vicks Pits jus burnin
through the muzzle 
Catchin bites right, tahh left, so we keep in sight ahh heft 
Id like to dap this nigga up, pull him close, an unload, then cap, this nigga up
an heavy dose, the elbows 
Drag em down the fuckin block, still unloading the clip crush His dome wit ahh
fuckin rock, make his head explode an jus dip 
Picked the wrong day to fuckin talk, cuz, im, exposin ya, shit, an if ya jaw, wanna
fuckin knock it'll hang low, like ahh clip 
Motherfuckin extendo controlling niggas in shit like they stuck in Nintendo
 
Ill, soak Ahh joke ahh wit his hocus pocus round his neck ahh rope is nigga ya
hopeless im. What ahh loc is 
Your. What ahh joke is I toke the mocha an get back to focus on where the coke is im in this dope
biz 
That coca cola, no relation tahh soda. I roll ahh O up lookin asian. Well, no duhh 
We, stroll wit. No quota can't fix or limit the profit licks come wit. It none
off it 
Pounds an bricks in pockets, hope wit da six. It all fits get the cough shit, an
some, chocolate, 
Leavin niggas on lock an thirsty seein coco like we mockin Hershey, fuck around
ahh. No, no on ya block the hearse be 
Was, never askin for a lot god. He never listens. Jus ahh task, an get ahh shot
its odd! I blast an miss it like the past is on the dot an even if i hit the
shit the mask is what i got an the moneys lookin like ahh dream, run. Wit me son
gun wit me. We, like ahh team, its much needed support for when it seems ahh
couple phenes in court an if we caught im takin life, the snitch be taught your
shakin knifes. Now shortys back hurts throwin partys in the black shirts black
pants fit the body an ya mommy in ahh black skirt paper thick, yet the stack
hurt fuck, the tricks nigga match that shit wit ahh black hearse. We know the
streets an give. No tips ya know that my nigga throw the beats like clips an
call. It throwback, deploy deep shit, an call it slow rap, keep em pleased, leave
ahh nigga, no cap trigga creep release. We know traps licks an cheese
brainmatter hit ya ho lap. It dont matter, watch ahh, ho nap, hollow mix, ya. Knees
Automatic follows hailin tips, switchin clips till the click, an seaze stingin
niggas on the grips as if they throwin sticks at bees. No eatin, jus, straw, to
the lips, all in ahh sip. If ya trick wit me imma, fuckin, magician all the tricks
jus stick. Tahh me, ahh lick will be new. Kicks 23's no trickery, ahh prick will
be lit like ahh bic or smoked like hickory im, sick leave, ya shit, nicked, an
split, bustin strings to the fakes like pics hit. The shit an this is why that
death is rest. I squint the eye. Tahh dress the chest wit hollow tips, tahh mess
the, rest, I follow hits my dez confess cops, follow shit so that dez one less
ditch it. While I run from em, if ahh nigga wit shit, imma ride wit, em get ya lid
hit, then hide wit em, once the cops, an the opps clear, imma, stop it right, here
get my guap, an ill cop beer, 40 oz, tahh, get my mind clear rollin with my Homies
So, I won't find fear. My niggas know my niggas blow them. Triggas go an get, cha
wit ya! Ho we ruthless. The truth is we beat ya with the pistol till ya, ass is
toothless? If ya wan na blast, we jus pass too quick, wit, those two fists uppercut
till. We gas ya, ass cuz. We do this Im, mindless wit. No road, no whip, the kindest
get ahh ho tahh strip hit ya, take ya soul, an dip, an dine as this new o is lit
you got ahh goal. Well, mine is hit this dro an spit. Now most you niggas think
you push all cuz of the link, an kush. You niggas eat the pink, an tush fuckin
wit, the stink, an bush alls I fucks wit, is one bitch. She ride or die an tuck
shit while ya run snitch an duck hits cuz. You done bitch. Only fit wit, that
fuck shit, I stay fit cuz im, stuck wit, ahh, big chopper, that make me proper she
 wan na spit an I can't stop er, so I stay top her an load. Her up. I spray pop er
an hold em up like bitches, where that cash be, if ya, tryna catch me ill. Be
Happy tahh put ya ass where that trash be then go home like im, lassie, Tired, of
this, struggling Im chillin at the crib got the iron an we cuddlin waitin for a
lick. Then we fire an we double in our stacks. Quick bitches want the dick cuz
im trouble an. I wax slick but im loyal an I mean that I keep ahh 38, an ah tre
where, the neen at niggas wan na hate, while they lay where the scene at
hit ya in the spleen splat weight up where the lean at I turnt the murder rate
up cuz. I always been ahh mean cat Shit is deep right before it hits it creeps
its funny with the hints no leaps wantin money like the mints, no leafs, so ya
packin clints walkin streets, your minds without ahh tint an talks while your
back in sleep in vision, deep within ahh Mac, ann g's, ain't, no micky d's, i ain't
sayin mac, an cheese, nigga mac, an g's, sticky, g's packin. These leave ahh black
nina, tease an spray cats like ahh fat, nigga, sneeze bullets, piercin rapid, on
the sprees. I could pull it fierce. An that'd get ya. Eased cap released buckshot
got niggas takin naps in trees, an what not halt nigga my gats been gettin
pleased. If ya got ta strap yep bet that shit gettin siezed trappin, like ahh
rats, been gettin squeezed rappin, spittin caps, an gettin cheese while they
talkin shit in need ahh crest. I stalk an hit ya need ahh, vest in the coffin
sits ahh bleedin chest of ahh soft, an lit pleadin mess straight exterminate, we
don't need ahh, pest niggas, masturbate sure tahh hate quicker than my laughter
rate bullets. Givin head aches, an the medics come in after late kill, ya. Mother
An ya, father, so we fuckin wit, ahh bastards fate got heat like we, southern yet
we gunners in ahh blastin state Go retarded on ahh ho, like an autistic kid
smoke, an get low. An you know. The biscuit hid, pull up an hit ya lid. I fucks wit
no kids cuz. I gots ahh hit list an shit haha that was just ahh kid, send drones
to ya home im Obama. I miss the kids only difference. My llama touches, my wrist
tahh grip. You, a bitch ass hittin children, wit missles, bitch, im poor, an your
rich. Yet that door to my 20's in mids money won't mean shit, cuz, no nigga will
be grumy wit, my kids talkin that shit, this world's out wit targets that hit
receive no remorse I roll it. I spark it I hit an. I need now no more with no
smoke Im. Not me can't function, won't, listen! I roll smoke. Im cocky will not be
ahh Christian myself, my religion, this world she's my bitch, an im, shovin my
fist in fuck, all them bros dissin talk shit, an ill, listen, fuck up! Your
Condition young bulls on some dumb shit, talkin an walkin as if they on some
drum shit, long clip spill clips bong hits an thrill trips as if you all tough
some of ya cool but ya, bitches all bluff. I love my bros love. My fam shout out
keep. It all! Tucked niggas creep wit, dumb luck, count it leaches enough to suck
all yall blood. Im tryna stay real, yet theese niggas is mud dirt, an jus bull
shit runnin, the mouth pump to the mouth, reach the brains, an leave, em all out
im insane, ahh believer ahh. Doubt never listen! Jus envision those higher in
position droppin towers, scarin christians, bunch, ahh, liars, an bitches war is
red for the blood, yet green seems to reach to theese liars up above wan na call
them niggas thugs. Yet you, the ones placin bugs bitch, please they sellin dubs
tryna grub cuz. This system isn't with em it jus whips em if they lippin
acknowledges the pain within yet kicks em, while they limpin. So now they rob
the system dump the clip an im. 40 sippin hit the spot, pull the hot. If the
shorty trippin pull the pot bong rippin, so im truely, trippin, lil nigga, now im
surely dippin, i like cheese, an nike ease.. If i sight jeez., i light jeez. i
cough an i sneeze, while i puff on my cheese. green cheese, green crack, ayy kay.
cherry, pie 8k. On top one rack jus a tip., yet i drop one stack rims 26 wit the
shits iraq. bitches wan na lip, like i slack., come talk shit to my track. one
hit seein, black no nigga, but i clap. as soon as i burn straps. lean back an
spray macs. I spit facts wit, trey laps. of iron, while im firing so stay back.
Well, it seems money is control. dead. Presidents, the role. of a nigga lose his
soul.. Then he rob you from ahh hole.. At the end, I see no purpose. We just
failed as we begun another stupid, fuckin creature, didn't know what we had done
to come into. This fuckin show of weakness. We have run see as me, im done, chill
pull the fuckin dutch ain't, no rush for dyin ain't, no loss of touch. My vision
an my mind is the god I trust, while grippin on the iron, while it fuckin rust
out here in the rain, smiling while I bust for crust an get the bread stay. True
To your vocabulary before these niggas get ahh clue of all the trash ya burry
stickin like some glue to you that past you carry bitches. You had em but the
game that bitch that you had to marry keeps you locked in ahh room with all
that shit that ya carry im, thinkin ahh gats, that vary iphone, main shit trap
with the blackyberry. I guess ima dumb, fuckin kid cuz. I idolize thugs cuz the
thugs up above get none ahh, my love fuck. The system takes guns, an runs: drugs
through doctors, yet nugs ain't proper to love, fuck, all the buzz im higher than
fuck kill niggas like myers. Dumb luck, an some plyers buck shots for torture, an
murder leave snitches an lyers tahh rot.. I paint wit ya blood, the portrait the
burner carves out in the mud, the one nigga high off the bud other nigga wit
the wire, an slug. I give this fire ahh tug bitch. You ahh scrub trust me nigga
im higher above This world is as simple as love. Learn it an know it my nigga
we all get along but see its bout that paper niggas wantin pussy they don't
ask before they take her, in other words, fucked up people, an their makers. Like
Jesus he, the savior bitch fuck that shit. You know its fake come an suck this
dick like its flavored wit. This dro, I bake papers an listen to these
politicians. I used to never give ahh fuck, but now shit jus be in my visions
like niggas runnin, no gun police. Never missin the spot where the badge is mark
where. The bitch is RIP to the youngins lost out there flippin. I never lived it
jus mentally visit through lines when ya spit shit, Money, trees, Im croppin
crystals on the leafs 
Murder is a trend and my spits ahh disease. 23. Hightops, an theese pistols up, my
sleeves Buckshots spread infectious cuttin niggas like c sections. Smokein dank
ill demonstrate what the pen does an teach lessons. My friends all keep wessons
38 revolvin smoke like cheech'd, be present id, say, pray for me yet belief. It
Ain'T present I nut up on opinions like ahh tranny nigga, nut up on some linen
light, the bud up, guess: im sinnin cuz the devil he my nigga, an his level is my
minion Fuck, nahh, im jus kiddin. The fuck is ahh religion, its ahh fuckin up
decision hit up lens crafters nigga cuz. They fuckin up ya vision shortly. Then
After triggas got ya duckin in ya kitchen, all up in the fridge when shots hit
ya bitch, then im rich from what your missin Went from highschool with the back
pack to smokin cats, bein ahh high bull smokin, the lack pack, never fuckin wit
crack, yet one hit thats jus. It ain't got shit back in track, yet savage shit
hype lit like ahh crack head been known. Tahh crack heads like studderin
produces spit call it mac lead new clip straight hits till the tracks dead, im
sane cuz. I rap lead, while the pigs, an the strapped feds. For no reason: keep
leavin theese, blacks, dead
 
