Ahhh Lyrics
by Run-D.M.C..

Chris Davis 
Uh-huh yeah what Yo yo 
Aiyyo, I seen Run with the chrome, spinnin 
Watchin, the Knicks in the back of the 6 
Pulled up on the side like Who's winnin 
Nigga, said Me since eighty-three get it right, 
Politely flashed his Roley then dipped to the light. 
Next night seen him on stage with some platinum shells: 
With baguettes on the side that spelled Raising Hell 
I said, Run the crowd yell. Like you, paid'em well 
Then. He said to ask Bert Padell who the hell 
Oh. Well, I thought I was done. Bein impressed 
Until. My man called me up and told me: listen to Flex 
 { Yo, yo yo turn on Flex }. I ain't know what to do. 
It was like Run was sunnin everybody, but then again the shit was true. 
Mc'S must want him gone hoppin on chrome 
Sayin. They the kings, please you kept the seat warm 
Ain't, nobody better than this twenty year, veteran 
Even as a Reverend hotter than you ever been 
It, don't really matter who the hell? You are 
The, fakest of all cats or the biggest of stars 
Tryin. To doubt these three, you breakin the law 
They the kings, LEAVIN Y'ALL IN AWE THAT'S REAL PAW, 
, 
Like, ahhh Dunn done. Did it again, 
Ahhh pad done hit the pen 
Ahhh man, they droppin gems, 
Ahhh, the kid's bout stackin, the ends, 
 
Run 
Yo Rev. Run run the block swerve, the Dat' 
Flow is hot, don't need no gun to cock 
I'm sick of Vidal. Your brother tried to get me to fall, 
I'm kickin it raw, even in the thick of it all 
Run laps around wack cats. I hate DAT's 
Since way back made great tracks. I lace raps 
Yo, face that before you catch aluminum, bats, 
From, numerous cats with Run-D.M.C. on they hats, 
You, ain't, gettin, no show'til, your album out 
The label. Don'T wan na spend money yo. What'S THAT about 
No clout had to settle for a fake amount 
While. My catalogue, bigger than your bank, account 
No doubt I'm the greatest all time: fo' sho' 
Rev. Run comin through and leavin niggas in awe. 
 
CD Yo Run. Remember that night. At the light in the back of the 6 
Run Yeah, I was mad. The Knicks lost. I got a new whip, 
CD Yeah. I see the Bentley Arnage with the four doors 
CD. What is that for more horse? 
Run Nah son for more tours 
Run? I see you've been peepin me for quite some time: 
CD Yo, my bad 
Run Ain't, a thing nigga. I noticed you rhyme 
CD Yo, what a nigga got ta do to be more. Like you, 
CD A nigga. Like me, ain't got a clue, 
Run First things. First, I DJ Run all the rappers 
Run Actors. They want status 
CD, But they can't have this 
CD. Since Krush Groove, you been makin them papes 
CD A lot of rap movies been made since, but most of them fake 
Run. Thanks for the compliment kid now jump BACK in your car 
Run, It's the Reverend leavin niggas in awe. That'S real paw, like 
 
