Aim 4 the Head Lyrics
by Ruff Ryders.


Aim for the head, when you see him, go get him nigga 
Aim for the head. When you see him go, get him nigga 
Aim for the head. When you see him go, get him nigga 
*Watch'em! Now watch'em now* 
Aim for the head! When you see him go get him nigga 
Aim for the head. When you see him go, get him nigga 
Aim for the head. When you see him go, get him nigga! 
Let them! Lames! Know you ain't playin, with'em, 
, 
Cassidy, 
Shit real. I know how baggin a whole brick feel 
Big deal hit the garage and switch wheels, 
My chicks, real with the menage and tip drills. 
Give me a massage, then show me how them lips feel 
I'm shinin cause I'm clinin on the strip still 
And. I grip steel. Still keep the clip steel 
Everything, I spit real everything I spit ill 
Everything spit sick for real 
When shit, switch ain't, shit, changed 
Like, Rick James, I'm rich bitch, 
Get change, big chain and wrist gliss 
I'm with game I'mma. Make cake like this quick 
My album went gold in a month that was a quick, flip. 
Don'T, say shit bitch cause niggas with the lip bit 
Ain't one in the gun; ,'till it go. Click click 
Then, I'm gon'switch clips and squeeze like toothpaste, 
Palm over my forearm. So I could shoot straight 
 
Aim for the head. When you see him go, get him nigga 
Aim for the head. When you see him go, get him nigga 
Aim for the head. When you see him go, get him nigga! 
Let them! Lames know you ain't playin! With'Em 
 
Jin 
My objective is to live lavish rip. Mad kids 
Jin stand out like Swiss ad libs 
Compared. To me, your shit's average, no matter how you come, 
Should've been spit on volume. One tell your corner. It'S time 
Throw in the towel. You done 
Call up Jimmy Kevin Lyles, whoever you want 
It's a wrap. Your career cannot be saved, 
Fuck makin, a comeback. You ain't, Flavor, Flav 
Before, my album dropped. I rocked show for G's 
Blowin trees, while I'm

Flew to PR won a quick, fifty G's 
And, I'm still poppin up on Smack DVD's 
Ain't got no platinum plaques for records sold 
But. If eatin rappers was sales, I'm seven times gold 
Bout to blow get set for detonation 
Speakin on behalf of the next generation 
 
Aim for the head, when you see him go get him nigga 
Aim for the head. When you see him, go get him nigga 
Aim! For the head, when you see him go get him nigga, 
Let them lames, know you ain't, playin, with'em, 
, 
J-Hood, 
No matter what they spit. I still ain't convinced 
Not at all your brains over the window. Make it look like you got red, tints 
Hope. Your GT got a bulletproof F-R-O-N-T 
Pop with them slugs and give a fuck about your Bentley 
You, a punk and I'm a boss, boy, 
It's, the? U Cheeks, and I ain't talkin bout that nigga from the Lost Boys 
The barrel was too big. You had to see the fall. 
You had to see that havin, it all was just a casualty of war. 
I got keys like a cord when I'm swingin a sword. 
I could bring you, the law got them things on the fog 
We the best, and I ain't got to spit a punchline 
Cause. I do situps all over the track when it's crunchtime 
Fuck this rap shit, I've been realer, you got thin. Scrilla 
I'll put this machette through the side of your chin. Chilla 
Black hoodie with the matchin fitted 
Don't, come up short lil' man. We even clappin midgets 
 
Aim for the head. When you see him go get him nigga 
Aim for the head. When you see him go get him nigga 
Aim for the head. When you see him go, get him nigga, 
Let them! Lames know you ain't playin, with'em, 
, 
