Ain't No Thang Lyrics
by Twisted Minds.


Jamaican girls are the finest things.
We the kings of Kingston so you gotta sing.
But you know it ain't no thang but a chicken wang.

Ain't no thang but a chicken wang.
We the kings of Kingston so you gotta sing.
But you know it ain't no thang but a chicken wang.

Flow's ever heaven sent, rapping for the hell of it.
Making these rappers look irrelevant.
Don't mix the colors with the whites no they delicate.
And all these rappers delegate but no I'm president.
Somebody tell me what's priorities.
Cause I got school but day dream in sororities.
Yeah, and babylon as my authorities.
Come to I &amp; I and wah pressure me like rice and peas.
Far from the regular putting a hit on senators.
They wanna go late night I ain't Letterman.
Let ‘em in, I'm coming for all the veterans.
How could I cop these flows when I invited them?
Spitting over instruments hoping of being limitless.
They playing catch up they must heard we living it.
We crossing boarders like an immigrant.
Hold up, hold up, now who you say is as sick as this?

I killed the beat call the coroner.
Get away with murder like I'm living out in Florida.
My raps deliver like a courier.
The way that I be rapping people ask if I'm a foreigner.
Nah I live in JA give thanks but I'm trying to get in Bel Air just to I fill.
up banks.
My flow's hot that's what your girl keep telling me.
Hot like the pictures that your girl keep sending me.
Different day, same enemies.
Man they love is hate, nah, I guess they really couldn't take the jealousy.
We out here flossing cause to us it is exciting.
You only flossing because your dentist advised it.
My name's Dash but you could just call me Hyphen.

It ain't no thang but a chicken wang boy.
But how much for that chicken wang boy?

Dash D &amp; KinDah.
Dash they say this rap thing can't work.
Like white girls in the club, boy they can't twerk.
So rich, so thick, Mrs. Butterworth.
We all about delivery like giving birth.
Boy, I gotcha.
Raps so sick, flow ill, need a doctor.
They going back and forth, uhmm, like I'm playing tennis.
I flow like Venice on this beat I'm a menace no Dennis.
Rap mean and I ain't telling no one sorry.
Cause these boys popping molly while girls pop it like Miley.
Hol' up, Ain't it obvi? these rappers stuck in the lobby.
We go on beats so retarded and school boys like khaki.
Not even Flow been this progressive and I'm coming to accept it.
These rappers gotta death wish but anyway.

From born sinners to good kids in mad cities.
From Protoje's, Kabaka P's and Keznamdi's.
Hot raps ‘cause we living in the West Indies.
On my grind and hustle 'til nothings left in me.
Mean, I mean I gotta live my dream.
Couple teens and we plotting up a scheme.
Showed up on the scene but it ain't what it seems.
This song is my theme so you know I gotta sing homie.

Ain't no thang, Ain't no thang homie.
We on the scene, what?
We getting big homie.
Ain't no thang, Ain't no thang homie.
We on the scene, what?
We getting big homie.

