Ain't On Nuttin' Lyrics
by Yungen.


You see tonight, I'm on a one-night stand. 
Big anaconda in my pants 
I know her and I know she got a man 
Man a take a man's gyal and bang bang, bang 
Oh shit, niggas ain't really on nuttin' 
When. They see me man, they don't say: nuttin', 
Hella vex, no talk, no
discussion 
Back it out, clap it out, make him start body. Poppin' 
I'm bussin' told my nigga Kizzle. Why I love him. 
See the police. I dodge em 
Big back Russian, tell a little nigga, get it poppin', 
Little niggas, really tryna off em bitch. I ain't been signed, 
But, I'm getting, shows every night 
Bricky boy booked in Dubai. I'Ve been up all night 
Rich! That'S how I'm gon na die. 
I ain't tryna die like you broke, guys, 
Fuck them all. Please get rid of them all. 
Pull up in the whip, don't stall, 
Private call Fuck that private call 
If. I don't answer to that. No more 
I'll be in the X6, with my wet
chick. She, the bestest 
Hitting fuckrie bruddas, see me on the guest list. 
Pretty little thing: nothing like Alexis, 
But she's, my man's gyal, so I had to sex it 
 
Yeah. You say you're on this and on that 
But you ain't on nuttin' 
Said. She take it from the back man that was all chat 
Yeah. She ain't on nuttin', 
_My, nigga, how you mean _ 
Nah. They ain't on nuttin' nah. They ain't on nuttin', 
_My, nigga, how you mean _ 
Nah. They ain't on nuttin' nah. They ain't on nuttin' 
, 
You, see tonight man's on that old school shit, 
Circle round in an old school whip. 
No venting like this cannon's got ta clip 
You better run, get your olders. If man's on your strip, 
No games, you're, just a prick, 
Your kid's broke. How you talking'bout sticks, 
You, know nuttin' how you talking'bout snitch 
I've, been about from Bloodset days. Ask Grips like 
Who's real Man's real 
'05 man was out in the field 
Grown up now I pay my mum's bills. 
You fake trap. Stars. Don'T give your mum a penny. Man chill chill chill 
Talking'bout. You runs this strip 
Like. This lighty didn't fuck. His bitch 
Met her in July, flew her out in August, 
She gon na tell you that she loved this shit. 
Whipping chains like a nigga, been Django 
Cutting through. I see Wilf in
the Lambo 
I used to link Ruby. I think her man know 
Try letting Ruby con me and watch her man go 
Don't, say a word: pussy you're, a nerd 
My boy'Toine's home, but still tryna dodge the bird 
New Benz coming and it's gon na. Be my third man 
And. I ain't even seen my 23rd 
 
Yeah. You say you're on this and on that 
But you ain't on nuttin' 
Said. She take it from the back man that was all chat 
Yeah. She ain't on nuttin', 
_My nigga, how you mean _ 
Nah. They ain't on nuttin' nah. They ain't on nuttin', 
_My, nigga, how you mean _ 
Nah. They ain't on nuttin' nah. They ain't on nuttin'
, 
