Ain't On Nuttin' (Remix Part 2) Lyrics
by Yungen.


Yeah you say you're on this and on that 
But you ain't on nuttin' 
Said. She take it from the back nah. That was all chat 
Yeah. She ain't on nuttin', 
_My nigga, how you mean _ 
Nah. They ain't on nuttin' nah. They ain't on nuttin', 
_My nigga. How you mean _ 
Nah, they ain't on nuttin' nah, they ain't on nuttin', 
, 
You, see tonight, I'm on a one-night stand. 
Big anaconda in my pants 
I know her and I know she got a man 
Man a take a man's gyal and bang bang. Bang 
Oh shit, niggas ain't really on nuttin' 
When. They see me man, they don't say: nuttin' 
Hella vex, no talk, no discussion, 
Back it out, clap it out, make him start body. Poppin', 
, 
Who's, real Man's real 
'05 man was out in the field 
Grown up now. I pay my mum's bills: 
You fake trap. Stars. Don'T give your mum a penny, man chill chill chill
 
Talking'bout. You runs this strip 
Like. This lighty didn't fuck. His bitch 
Met her in July, flew her out in August. 
She gon na tell you that she loved this shit. 
 
You, see tonight. Everybody wants the last laugh 
Nobody ain't laughing when the star bucks 
Nobody ain't laughing. When the car starts 
Big black Ghana man light up your rasclart 
Bang, I might kill another rapper 
Real calm. I ain't into all the passa 
2015 man, I'm pissing on the scene, 
Everybody tek time, I'm just filling up. My bladder 
Oh shit got me like fuck. These pricks 
Pull up in my whip, don't slip swerve and dip 
I, don't say a word'bout. The clips 
But these niggas still know what it is. 
Yeah the tint's too dark - and you know my niggas don't talk. 
Ask Flipz know my niggas, don't bark 
Grinding for days man. I might light up a rave 
Little nigga, better mind what you say: little fuckboi 
 
Yo them. Man are fronters, 
They ain't hood them. Man are jumpers 
Jump from one man's dick to another, 
They're worse than the girls bunch of cock-suckers 
You know them. Bruddas ain't on nuttin' 
Ain't got shit. Just got bare babymothers wan na chat about me 

Très très bien. I speak that French, with ease 
You're at the Chinese shop with your bredrins acting grease 
I'm in a Hong Kong restaurant eating, Cantanese 
I, don't beg it ..., please 
I'll, be on my face before man's on my knees. 
Rags to riches is the mantra. 
Haters wan na know what I carry in my bag, but 
Don't think about it too much you little Samphas 
You man are rats, I'm rats spelt backwards, 
You and your pals I'll give you pals spelt backwards. 
You man are backwards, so I give it to you backwards. 
Words than louder speak actions. 
 
I make myself buss pussy, I'm a wanker 
I achieve dem man are chiefs. 
Eyebrowing me fleek 
FA Cup flow 
Might be on the same pitch, but we ain't in the same league, 
 
Yeah. You say you're on this and on that 
But you ain't on nuttin' 
Said. She take it from the back nah. That was all chat 
Yeah. She ain't on nuttin', 
_My nigga, how you mean _ 
Nah. They ain't on nuttin' nah. They ain't on nuttin', 
_My, nigga, how you mean _ 
Nah. They ain't on nuttin' nah. They ain't on nuttin', 
 
She said she couldn't wait to beat, took her out to eat. 
She said she gon' ride me like a freak, but she weren't on nuttin' 
Niggas, see me in the street 
Thought. It was about to get peak, but they ain't on 
Ni ni ni na na na. Tell me why you fronting 
Oh, my god, someone please tell me why they fronting 
Who has the keys for your yard. You ain't, saying nothing: 
Me and Sneak running shit and my nigga Yungen 
 
I'm forever telling em 
If it ain't about money. It'S irrelevant 
Benny! I'M all about the Benjamins 
Rappers say they're harder than who, Where the evidence 
This is my house, you a resident 
And. If I swallow my pride I'mma bury it 
Ain't a single fucking thing about me: elegant 
A, real don who do his dirt and didn't mention it. 
They'Re, hoping I give up under pressure, but never 
So, I told em, don't be bitter, be better instead of 
I'm on whatever, whatever the weather fall and get up 
Kept my head up through that rainy weather, without no umbrella, 
Don't hate the player hate, the game. 
I'M. All about the money give a fuck about the fame 
Everybody know my name put a rapper in his place. 
I put it on my motherfucking granny grave 
 
Where. Should I begin 
Little niggas playing postcode wars, 
Well, I'm too old to give a fuck whose area we're in 
I just wan na triple? What'S already in the bank 
And, I remember being little machete in my hand, 
With certain man I grew with now I can barely look at em 
I. Don'T look down on nobody, but Benjamin Button, 
My nigga ain't growing up 
How. Can you hate when you witnessed me, suffer 
They said that you would, I said, nah, that's my brudda 
You beat a girl bareback and gave me the rubber 
Stop talking my name like a bitch in the borough. 
Fuckboi you ain't on nuttin' 
And. You gon' get what you got comin' 
As for these rappers. They say they're going hard in the lab 
Well. I can't believe that until they drop something 
 
Yeah, you say you're on this and on that 
But you ain't on nuttin' 
Said. She take it from the back nah that was all chat 
Yeah. She ain't on nuttin', 
, 
You, fake trappers. Please show these lines that you're trapping on 
Your line still only does a queue you're, obviously, trapping wrong. 
You non-ambitious bitches twerking every day to crappy songs, 
Turning up and don't know how to put a baby nappy on nah 
You ain't on nada 
If. You don't like me, suck your mother 
Straight straight. If you don't like 
Me mate suck your mother, 
Before Twitter man, I set trends. 
Don'T borrow money, never make friends 
Letters getting thrown around in my ends. 
Some a catch Ps, some a catch, Ms again, 
Tell em. I don't fear none of them 
As long as they bleed. I don't fear, none of them 
Yeah. You know me C-C-Cash, 
The C in my name stands for creme de la creme holla at me.
 
