Ain't For None Lyrics
by 600Breezy.


Breezo yea what's up nigga.
Correct the only way you better come nigga.
I'm from the slums and I ain't never gave a fuck nigga.
I'm from Six 0 we ain't for none nigga.
We ain't for none nigga.
Extorting fuck boys out they funds nigga.
And everywhere we go we got them drums nigga.
We straight wilding gang banging shootin guns nigga.

Bitch it's Breezo from Six I'm prolly wit yo bitch and.
If a nigga think it's that then we can get it poppin bitch Everyday I'm in the.
hood I be on some sparkin shit.
And niggas beefin over twitter they be on they bloggin shit but I should have.
been a plumber I come through and clog your shit.
It's big Breezo from Six 0 I'm the trending topic bitch.
Thirty thousand on my neck hoe you know I got that check.
Come through sliding in that Vette.
Put these burners to the test Dutchie with me squeezing tecs.
And I let ? do the rest these slugs will eat a nigga chest.
Niggas hating on a kid cause they know that I'm up next.
Different shootouts everyday but I will never crack a sweat nigga.

Pockets stupid from these knots lean so thick it look like snot.
Bitch I came from selling rocks and throwing hands and taking blocks.
Nigga can i get my props I learned the game just like my pops.
Tryna free my nigga Hoodo hate to see him in that box.
LA gang baby bitch I'm.
D-block.
Come through 59th my niggas got they heats cocked.
And you can come light but I'm spit that heat rock.
Bag it up then re-rock.
Bitch I'm high like a tree top I need a fan bitch I'm so hot.
I'm just saying bitch I'm getting gwap.
I'm the man and you are not bag it up then set up shop.
Bitch I'm swimming in that pussy you can call me Breezo Phelps.
Goin crazy need some help throw in the flag go get the ref nigga.

Breezo yea what's up nigga.
Correct the only way you better come nigga.
I'm from the slums and I ain't never gave a fuck nigga.
I'm from Six 0 we ain't for none nigga.
We ain't for none.
Extorting fuck boys out they funds nigga and.
Everywhere we go we got them drums nigga.
We straight wilding gang banging shootin guns nigga.

