Ain't a Damn Thang Changed Lyrics
by Twiztid.

Well, there's got ta be a time when the bullshit stops 
Ain't a damn. Thang changed still far from cops, 
It's been a long time comin' and believe we came. 
If fans only knew that ain't, a damn thang changed, 
Hey yo, fuck, moneybacks, cadillacs, 
Nice clothes, studios, hot wax, fine hoes, 
Freestyles drug sales, competition videos and Duck Tales. Fresh 
As, fuck means of consignment 
All about realignment to the game. 
Hometown, hero was treated like a zero 
Hate me more than ever cause. Now I got dinero 
In my enemies eyes. I stand alone 
Blowin' in the wind just me, and my microphone 
I'm like a Jedi Knight, bringin' the force and the light 
Mean muggin' muthafuckas, like I'm Andre, the Giant 
Type of shit. That start a riot, but I just begun: 
Explosion. C4. 3. 2. I'M 1 
Heads are bound to get cracked 
Beefs kickin' out equivalent to get whiplash 
Add a dash of ridalin. Just to keep me sane 
But. The problem goes deeper than the cells in my brain 
Maintain. For the simple fact I stack my wealth 
Because. I can't help nobody till I help myself 
 
Well, there's got ta be a time when the bullshit stops 
Ain't a damn. Thang changed still far from cops, 
It's been a long time comin' and believe we came. 
If fans only knew that ain't, a damn thang changed. 
 
Monoxide Child, hey wicked, wild 
Nicotine and THC, be my style 
Profile of a serial killa. That'S who I be 
The T W. I Z T I D 
I'm comin' with the shit to make your head explode, 
Cock the hammer in my mouth and let my tongue unload 
Road to riches taggin' bitches 
Fuck around I'll. Have you sleepin' with the fishes 
Fuck? Is you in stitches? 
You can hate me and my no good friends, 
But thinkin', this shit gon na end is all pretend 
Now lend me an ear and I'ma scream it loud and clear. 
It ain't safe for you to hang around here, 
7 Mile in the hood East side, chinese eyes. When we ride 
Shit ain't even close to changed around this 
You, the one actin' like a lil', bitch 
I, don't know what you heard or what you thought 
Or, who you with or who you brought 
Bitch niggas, get tossed whut, 
That's right ain't, a damn, thang changed, But day to night 
And you ain't on the mic 
Like to recite my shit. Kindly to your bitch 
So. Both of y'all can suck a dick 
 
Well. There'S got ta be a time when the bullshit stops 
Ain't a damn. Thang changed still far from cops. 
It'S been a long time comin' and believe we came. 
If fans only knew that ain't, a damn thang changed 
Well there's got ta, be a time when the bullshit stops 
Ain't a damn. Thang changed still far from cops, 
It's been a long time comin' and believe we came. 
If fans only knew that ain't, a damn thang changed 
Well there's got ta be a time when the bullshit stops 
Ain't a damn. Thang changed still far from cops. 
It'S been a long time comin' and believe we came. 
If fans only knew that ain't, a damn thang changed 
Well there's got ta, be a time when the bullshit stops 
Ain't a damn. Thang changed still far from cops, 
It's been a long time comin' and believe we came. 
If fans only knew that ain't, a damn, thang changed, 
Changed and ain't. A damn. Thang changed, 
Nobody, nobody, nobody, nobody, nobody 
Nobody, nobody! Nobody! Nobody changed, 
Nobody, nobody, nobody! Nobody! Nobody! 
Nobody! Nobody, nobody, nobody changed, 
Nobody, nobody, nobody, nobody, nobody 
Nobody, nobody! Nobody! Nobody changed! 
Yeah! Nobody changed! Bitch, 
Twiztid, juggalos! That'S how we do it on the East side, 
Crank that shit 
And, we out bitch and we out bitch, and we out bitch 
Yo Monoxide, crank that shit
 
