Ain't On Nuttin' (Remix Part 1) Lyrics
by Yungen.


Yeah, you say you're on this and on that 
But you ain't on nuttin' 
Said. She take it from the back man that was all chat 
Yeah. She ain't on nuttin', 
_My, nigga, how you mean _ 
Nah. They ain't on nuttin' nah. They ain't on nuttin', 
_My nigga. How you mean _ 
Nah, they ain't on nuttin' nah. They ain't on nuttin', 
That's, right, 
, 
You, see tonight, I'm on a one-night stand. 
Big anaconda in my pants 
I know her and I know she got a man 
Man a take a man's gyal and bang bang. Bang 
Oh shit, niggas ain't really on nuttin' 
When. They see me man, they don't say: nuttin' 
Hella vex, no talk, no discussion, 
Back it out, clap it out, make him start body. Poppin', 
, 
Who's, real Man's real 
'05 man was out in the field 
Grown up now. I pay my mum's bills, 
You fake trap. Stars. Don'T give your mum a penny, man chill chill chill 
Talking'bout. You runs this strip 
Like. This lighty didn't fuck. His bitch 
Met her in July, flew her out in August. 
She gon na tell you that she loved this shit, 
 
I'm with a bad bitch in my coupé 
Spent 25 on a new tray 
I've been on the grind. Since Tuesday 
A nigga violate Snap Capone, Doomsday 
If, I'm grabbing my something you niggas are running 
Keep. It 100 got shells in abundance, 
Niggas ain't on nothing; love lost Joe Budden 
It's more than concussion when the semi's bussing 
 
Touch, my bruddas I'll touch him 
And. That was on my mother's in a German with a Russian 
And. That was for my bruddas 
And gyal ain't fucking, like the bruddas said she would, but she ain't done it. 
Couple bills that ain't nuttin' 
Moved some films for the money, Dee don't smoke, but he's buzzing 
Put your hands on my cousin 
I'm doing something boom. 
 
Toast in the club cause a nigga like clubbing 
Rolled, with the tugs cause a nigga been tugging. 
Bang bang boom fast cars, zim zoom 
When. That nigga saw the goose he was ducking. 
I was in the trap. Manny had me back dubbing 
I be superbad. When I give that MAC-loving 
I was with the bros when that show got shutting ain't, nuttin' 
And a brother. Stick with a Russian cause. I ain't on mushrooms, 
 
Yeah. You say you're on this and on that 
But you ain't on nuttin' 
Said. She take it from the back man that was all chat 
Yeah. She ain't on nuttin', 
_My, nigga, how you mean _ 
Nah. They ain't on nuttin' nah. They ain't on nuttin', 
_My, nigga, how you mean _ 
Nah. They ain't on nuttin' nah. They ain't on nuttin', 
, 
They ain't on nuttin'. They just actors, 
Tell them, don't suck a dick suck. A cactus 
45 bruk bruk bruk bones: leave fractures. 
And leave one in your dome, that's a fact: cuz 
Then! Let me run in your home with a Mack truck 
When I say go then my yute will let the MAC off 
Told dem, gyal, dey fi. Just back off 
Yeah you're cute, but you haven't, got no back off 
 
 ain't on nuttin' 
Doing it with Sneakbo Play Dirty. Yungen 
I was seeing kilos. You was seeing onions, 
This, green giant start fee-fo-fumming like wait. 
Serve it to the kitty. Cats need a break. 
Fuck food I've got this money on my plate, 
White House. I'Ve got them waiting on the tape. 
I ain't even got ta, say: fuck, nigga, 
 
Yeah. You say you're on this and on that 
But you ain't on nuttin' 
Said. She take it from the back man that was all chat 
Yeah. She ain't on nuttin', 
_My, nigga, how you mean _ 
Nah. They ain't on nuttin' nah. They ain't on nuttin', 
_My, nigga, how you mean _ 
Nah. They ain't on nuttin' nah. They ain't on nuttin'
, 
