Ain't shit (midnight augusto) Lyrics
by The Underachievers.

You know it's your boy, Issa, Gold, Sar Ayu reppin' for them, Indigos going wild
and all that., I'm out, here., Ya'll niggas know I don't fuck with none of these
niggas man. I don't fuck with none of ya'll rap niggas, man., Ya'll, niggas, ain't
about shit, None of ya'll nigga, man., Fuck outa. Here man, Nigga ain't, really
bout shit Lets, go 
, 
Team, full of kings, rolling, dank spliffs 
Free your mind. One hit elevate, your shit, 
Young god steady, plotting. One angel chick 
Motivated by the niggas that be getting the weed hold up. 
Niggas ain't, really bout, shit, nah, 
Niggas, ain't, really, bout, shit, nah, 
Niggas, ain't, really, bout; shit, nah, 
Niggas, ain't, really bout; shit, 
Uhh! When you look up UA in the sky, like a plane, pick a book up, 

I'm all up in her guts, but I ain't paying 
Motherfucker. Do i look like the type to be a lame 
Rhetorical? Damn 
I answer: no man, 
I conquer my soul, the lord of my land, 
Counter weak flows like Dan or Liu Kang, 
I, rep, beast coast, the most elite clan 
Damn, what it be like, nigga, 
Rolling up that Sour D, my nigga 
Here to free the people 
Cuz Their souls of evil 
Better find yourself before the priest deceive you, lord 
I'm, rolling up that potent 
What you trying do. 
My music, save the world nigga, who the fuck is you 
 
X2 
Pop, another tab of the LS-Shit 
Take another hit on my indo. Stick 
Pulled up on your chick 
Told, her get in the whip. 
She looked at a nigga and said you, the shit, 
Niggas ain't, really bout, shit, nah, 
Niggas, ain't, really bout shit. I said: 
Niggas ain't, really bout, shit, nah, 
Niggas, ain't, really bout, shit, 
 
You, know my soul, indigo 
Guard, your girl, I'll take your ho 
She might hit the shrooms she might hit the weed 
Now we trippy nigga, you know, lets go 
Niggas ain't, really bout shit! 
Me and my niggas get dough of the shrimp 
My money, not taxed nigga fuck, that shit 
Breaking down the work watch the motherfucker flip 
A, nigga fucked up 
Yeah, I smoke and I drank 
Repping the life, my nigga, what you think 
Stare at the stars, as I Puff on my dank 
Beast Coast, we up and theses niggas. They sank, 
Uhh. What you talking about nigga 
See me in the front with circle of the winners. 
Show me my opponent watch me: motherfuckin, kill him 
Third eye precision; ain't; no way that we gon' miss him. 
Trapped inside the crib keep the works out the kitchen 
Guiding by the light, but you niggas never listen. 
A blast from the past. This king ever laugh 
I'm smoking on hash to live. First, you last 
But niggas ain't, really bout shit, 
Ya'll, know motherfucker conscious, 
But get off. My dick 
Let me talk. My shit, 
 
X2
 
