Al Capone Lyrics
by The Underachievers.


Trippy niggas getting all the hoes, well, I suppose.
When I pull up they be marching slow, walk, no Amber Rose.
And my niggas keep it locked and cocked.
Still rep that indigo.
Told my nigga AK drop the top, I'm steaming, fuck the law.
Niggas sippin with my cogniac, I'm in the party smack.
Run the team just like a quarterback.
AK that Warren Sapp.
Flatbush, we evolving rap.
And now we tour the map.
Came a long way, that's a fact.
Look at where we started at.
Now let's get lit x9.
Fuck whoever run this bitch.
I'ma still spark up my shit.
Don't drink liquor with you niggas, only drink that shit with hoes.
My clique sicka, skinny nigga, but you know I bring the noise.
The young tripper can't hit which you.
Nigga picky with his dough.
The big dipper fuck you niggas.
Hope in jail you drop the soap.
Now that's fucked up x9.
I told shorty come in close, I can't see you through the smoke.
Now my spliff look like a cigar, take a picture Al Capone.
This at least an ounce inside my shit, you niggas need some more.

Only thing I blow is dope.
I see through ya, you can't fool us.
Ain't no way that you the boss.

Ain't no way, oh nah.
Ain't no way that you the boss x3.
We got much more for that cause.
Pick your poison, serve that raw.
Roll it then light it don't know what the time is.
But I've been whipping while your soul was reclining.
Every mission had to know where to find it.
But it was written so I always was fine.
Niggas be backwards, got clips for you actors.
Got dick for your bitch but no rent for the pastor.
Roll with a set and we cold like Alaska.
Breath holding like asthma.
Don't let the rolls catch you.
Focus, I'm faster, much older now.
It's a new chapter my page turning over.
Check out my status cause shit automatic.
Look like a chalice the spliff had me balanced, you know it.
While they be talking about passion I show it.
Had to free my mind of attachments and grow up.
Couldn't be defined by some shit I ain't born with.
Had to read the sign and take heed to the omens.
Oh man, should have told her I don't do the lowens.
I just poke her face like Lady Gaga slowin'.
Now she scratch my back like her first name is Logan.
Hit her with a dab and I'm gone like I'm stolen.
Got to bust a bag of that dank every mornin'.
Put a nigga pain in the beat for a moment.
The reefer we blowin' bring me paranoia.
But with paranoia I'm still shittin' on you.
With paranoia I'm still shittin' on you.
Reefer we blowin' bring me paranoia.
But with paranoia I'm still shittin' on you.
With paranoia I'm still shitting on you.
Reefer we blowin' bring me paranoia.
But with paranoia I'm still shitting on ya.
It was grade A, she done got a diploma.
Got steak on my plate, to be honest still starvin'.
Like where is my porridge, I burn up a forest.
I sticky like Horus.
My plug is a florist.
Won't stop until my pockets thicker than Norbit.
Won't stop until my closet filled with that foreign.
Fuck the coppers, don't protect, they destroy us.
So keep that chopper by your side like an organ.

