All My Thuggz Lyrics
by 50/50 Twin.


50/50 Yung Ro Mista Madd 
Bringing, you some mo' thug ish 
Yeah, all about this green cheese 
This for my thugs feel me on this 
No feel us on this ay 
, 
50/50 Twin 
50/50 got grind cause. He was born with it 
I. Thank God all the time that I was born, fitty 
I, don't call pshycic lines or get palm reading. 
I put a rain coat on my spine. When I see the storm reaching 
Um briefly, I must describe a hustler with heart 
From, his greens, cheese to God struggled apart 
Dump his main squeeze. You know why she bugging him a lot 
Over petty things like why we never go chill at the park. 
If. It'S cash, he get it five dollars and up 
He, don't flash but really got Impalas and trucks. 
The stash gon fill it ten thousand dollars and up 
Sleep fast enough chilling. Now it's time to get bucks 
Roll one deep. That way, he don't have to split nicks. 
Roll one sweet that way he can stash it really quick 
Clothes come cheap. That way he ain't attractive to chicks, 
Four hundred G's, practically he having them bricks, 
 
All, my thugs bust, your guns, 
Represent your shit, throw up your hood, you from 
Fire up the hydro. If you holding some 
Grind and get your million that you're focused on 
Soon as you get some bread here, the roaches come 
If, they have they hand out give em no response. 
Matter fact watch the hoes cause those the ones 
Try not to spend shit even fold. Your ones 
 
Yung, Ro, 
You niggas, got me fucked up bucked down and sideways 
Pain In Full starving artists, and I ain't ate in my five days. 
I got five ways to get do'. I'Ma give you three 
Pimping hustling and rapping on beats 
I'm grinding in these streets, Boogie D, a crack cutter, 
A B, county headbuster serving them crack suckers 
We got crack for crackheads that'll crack your head. 
Pregnant smokers take a puff and crack they eggs 
And. If they late paying us Cat'll crack your legs 
We, so deep in this shit, we got ta tap. The FEDs 
You, never know what niggas wearing. So I aim for the head. 
And always check my clientele in case they came with the FEDs 
I'ma, slowly, torture, you until you tell me who hired you 
Put a bullet in your head. If I feel they wired, you 
Where my thugs at grinding surran, brick wrapping 
I'm at cross relationships, trying not to quit. Rapping 
 
Mista, Madd, 
I ain't gon, say they saved the best. For last. It was out of respect 
A bunch of killers on my payroll. So you don't wan na flex, 
I never do dirt. I got dirty cats that get dirty 
And. They already know. I got a ton of attorneys 
Paid In Full, is the streets but call me the Don 
Y'all little tricks in the game. I done this for way too long. 
I use to be Mista Madd cause local rappers made me pissy 
Now, you niggas wan na sign you niggas use to diss me. 
Twin. Call me the mob boss, but Marcus calls me pa 
That there. That'S the um B. I just bought 
Don't hate me little daddy cause. I love myself 
Sometimes. I wan na jump back and kiss myself 
This little broad on my brain. She gon kiss myself. 
I do em two at a time uh-uh. I don't need no help. 
See, I'm heavy in the game moving weight but not weight. 
These c.d.'s I serve the cookie cutters mad. So I bake 
Giving five orders. Shake Paid In Full is my faith. 
The million dollar deal turned down it's what I already made 
See you jumped on the first deal. Your label would offer 
That's why your label's, like the legend of that boy, Jimmy Hoffa 
No, one, can find ya. Man tell me where you are 
All you saw. Was the stars and you ain't even a star 
Hey, look at that dude there in that color changing car 
Admit it it's hard, but Mista Madd just went hard, 
 
