All Lyrics
by Ty Dolla $ign.


I'Ve been sitting on all this weed might as well smoke it all. 
I'Ve been meeting lots of pretty bitches might as well fuck'em all 
And. I'Ve been making lots of money might as well spend it all 
Who. The fuck is all these new niggas. They ain't. My friends at all 
 
She bad, but she drive a buggie. I fucked and told her _Go_ 
My ex bitch tryna, get back together. 
_Hi_ I fucked and told her _No_ 
My name getting bigger. My price is going up, 
I, don't even know bitches that come through and ain't tryna fuck 
We did it. We done it now. Who can we blame 
Now, I'm just tryna get used to the fame 
I had a b-day party for my lil' daughter 
See. Two of my bitches try not to get caught up. Oh yeah, 
These hoes ain't got morals, 
Tryna get wet after she fucked us on the tour bus 
She think my real name is Dolla $ ign. 
She got it tatted on her upper thigh. 
 
I've been sitting on all this weed might as well smoke it all 
I've been meeting lots of pretty bitches might as well fuck'em all 
And. I'Ve been making lots of money might as well spend it all 
Who. The fuck is all these new niggas. They ain't. My friends at all 
 
I, just love the drank dipped in wax girl. I ain't a pimp, I'm a Mack 
Love is blind, so I hit it from the back 
Now. She don't know how to act. 
I'Ll be fucking'till day time with the blinds open. 
I'Ll be diving in face. First, with my eyes: open 
What, they hating on us for 
We. Take the weed wherever we go 
And all we do is sex and drugs. 
She, say _When. I hit it slow, it feel like making love_ 
She bought me some shoes. I got her earrings 
First class first time on an airplane, 
Your man. Ain'T ever did nothing like that. For you, 
You love, him won't leave him, but you ain't, loyal, 
You ain't, my friend at all, 
You, the type of bitch that make a nigga spend it all. 
Yeah 
 
I've been sitting on all this weed might as well smoke it all 
I've been meeting lots of pretty bitches might as well fuck'em all 
And. I'Ve been making lots of money might as well spend it all 
Who. The fuck is all these new niggas. They ain't my friends at all: 
 
_West bro. This shit goes straight to voicemail, 
Must be on Airplane mode or somethin'. 
I was tryna holla at you. Now I can 
They went all up to the other yard. 
Esé'S gon' towards the Woods. 
It was like 120 Mexicans. It was like 7 white boys 
Like 20 on each one 
A game. A game of soccer like 
They was just stompin' and fuckin' them boys, man, 
That shit, was crazy. 
Plus police started shootin' and all that 
Layed them all down. 
A bullet just jumped up out of no, where 
Got back crankin' again 
Even when it over he got 
They stayed down tho'. That shit was just Loc'd out. 
Niggas could've died out there, tho' 
Get a nigga up outta here, bro 
Shit, crazy 
I hit you tho'. When I can 
I got some beefy ass songs, 
Prison, Break 2, 20 songs, 
I love you tho', 
Salaam, Aleikum_
, 
