All I Want For Christmas Lyrics
by RuPaul.

Alright kids. are you ready for me?
I know i look good. but theres always room for improvement.

All i want for christmas is my liposuction.
I want some lipo honey.
I want you to put it all over my body.
All i want for christmas is my cheek implants.
And my chin implant.
And lets see, my butt should be risen.

Some parts are fake, some parts are plastic.
Some even say that im a phony.
But ive dipped into the fountain of youth and that ain't no bologna! HAHAH.

Soooooo all i want for christmas is my nose fixed up.
Hey, i want a nose job: RHINOPLASTY.
All i want for christmas is my teeth capped.
I want my teeth capped, and throw in an eye job while your at it.

Mm mm mm.
Oh yeah honey.
You know this is a day of shame. look at these thighs.
Honey, gravity is a bitch.
Tell me about it.
But baby, i got my secret weapon.
And whats that girl?
Park avenue plastic surgeon.
OOOOOOOOOOOOHHH!

All i want for christmas is my ribs removed.
I want my ribs removed, i want...
I DONT NEED EM NO MORE!!!
All i want for christmas is my cheek implants.
Throw in a derma peel while your at it.

Doctor, doctor, hurry please.
Your needed here on the double.
All the other queens, there jealous of me.
And there mens gonna be in trouble! HAHAAH.

All i want for christmas is my face lifted.
I want my face lifted, i want my face SNATCHED.
All i want for christmas is my face SNATCHED, so i can be ohh so marvelous.

Ohhhh honey, i could use it all over my body, heheh.
Nahhh, i ain't got nothin against it.
Honey ive been sucked, plucked, sinched, pinched, pulled, snatched, baby i.
have had every procedure done.
And as long as theres a doctor on park avenue, i'll be lookin good.
Ohhhh yeah honey, im lookin good.
Hun let me tell you somethin.
Miss pauls gon be fresh. fresh as a daisy.

Some parts are fake, some parts are plastic.
Some even say that im a phony.
But ive dipped into the fountain of youth and that ain't no bologna! HAHHAAAH.

All i want for christmas is my breast implants.
I want my breast implants, baby i WANT my breast implants!
All i want for christmas is my tummy tucked, so i can look real purrrty!

Ok so michelle. do you remember your first chrismas at home?
Ohhh yahhh.
Oh really? what what, what toys did you get? do you remember?
Well a lot of, um, toys with batteries.
Uh huh.
And um, i remember taking them into the back of the car, and playing with them.
for hours and my mom come knockin on the door and said WHATS ALL THAT.
BUZZIN?!
Hahhhahahah. hahahaah.

