All We Know Lyrics
by Virtuoso.


Utilizing all we know 
True to life and 
Ten-Four. I read you 
You're see through 
I, don't believe you 
It ain't, what your skin hides! That'S inside 
 
Sliding in key locks locked in the detox, 
Amazing escape and evasion, plots 
Black stone, chiropractor crack you backbone 
Spectacular. When I rap to ya it's on 
And after I masquerade this mic massacre, 
Last of the B-Boy master spell casters 
High-roller lash the beat 
Fantastically and put em' fast, asleep. 
Don'T discuss this travesty. With his majesty 
My styles, make bullies, look bashful, 
Y'all heard of casual. I get any advised 
I rhyme in every minute to be miniaturized 
Squeeze, the chalice till my hands get calices 
Challengers get they ass, kicked into spastic paralysis, 
I place pillows in cigarillos, 
Stuff them bitches to their thickest, dildos 
A nigga. Will, though, marinate till I mildew 
Off a brute dub-sack then, and I peel too 

You skeez' us, please us and I leaves ya 
Lamping with your tramp in the Hamptons 
Amped' bout' to run throught they camp. Then I'm vamping 
Like a champion having fun. When I run this 
 
Utilizing, 
, 
True to life and 
Ten-Four, I read you 
You're see-through 
I, don't believe you 
It ain't! What your skin hides that inside 
 
This is the source so know that we hitting you off 
I'm forward progress increased with centrifugal force 
And, as I listen. I think who did the mixing on your weak? Sound 
That lacks essential punches, like the presidential recount 
Deep down. Address the state of my being 
And break in museums to take back our freedom from snakes and demons, 
We end off when that cat rap, it's Ten-Four, 
You're see-through. I read you, they speak your memoirs, 
Flash ridiculous flows, master physicist 
They be like yo. That'S the hypnotist. The way I get with chicks, 
Sick of this pre-imposed regiment, we disclose evidence 
Of the societal foes decadence 
The righteous. We gaining advantage. We banish sharks of Satan, 
Battle, the biggest star fuck it bring on a constellation 
Watch how I kill and fray the Milky Way. The silky spray, 
Filthy gray clouds to send them to Earth to slay crowds, 
In, evil, assemblages, walk straight mind, control of cerebral appendages, 
So it'll lead to your hemorrhages 
Quite likely cuz'. You spread rumours. Your might fight me 
But neglectly, to write nightly thinking. My hype might be 
Overblown, but I'm the most powerful of Jehovah's clones 
Poison will thought they said. Poison milk from the Cobra's pulm 
Figure is Virtuoso slay hard 
In, a rave squad with brave guards and layed them in the graveyard 
 
Deep. Within we begin through the grass and moss 
Spent, a wife from the plantation planned grand larsany, 
My state's malnutrition, a low adjustment. What'S this 
Identify then decide 
Virtuoso was hopeful, Cas was aggrivated, 
I knew he had to make it any task. Taken 
Sink or swim die young or live in wrinkled, skin 
Only, look again, cuz' homies think cuz' thinkin' in 
The same civilization. My pen is inkin', it 
Of the wise they a minus cuz' wise is a mindset. 
Dumb, deaf blind and no time reminding 
Your ass stays. Greedy needy, while I fast 
And, I'm a start. There leave em' marked there 
That every thought's, clear and concise 
They say they lived twice, 
And, try and do me like Christ with spice 
Dancing with Manson, but I ain't that type. Alright 
A fly Cas-wise crack survival tactics, 
Relax and meditate and apply
 
