All Around Feeling Lyrics
by Quentin Miller.


I'M, making short term goals when the weather froze 
To, put away the leather and put ices on the gold 
Uh cause. I been in the peace state 
Still rocking Pineapple, but I'm from the peach state 
Pete sake. For that reason, I'm giving'em hell 
I'm in my prime. I'M living it well, 
Not at all, the more that these niggas stall, I get better 
These threats of leaving me stranded. My reply is whatever 
That's y'all loss, I'm out of town with the doors off 
Jeepers, I'm eating good, like a mob boss, 
Chicken fingers for my dinner turn from dreamer to a winner. 
I can teach'em that's a splinter. Uh 
Money is the motivation I got ta make it 
That's an over-statement 
To over-stand me from my niggas and my family 
I told myself. I would make it from the bottom to the Grammy's 
I hope I get to make it'fore the program gets fucked up completely 
Damn and I hope that last statement doesn't fuck me up before you get to see
me 
Here I go 
 
I feel it all I'm'bout to Say 
Your love just comes up all day, 
I feel as though I'm up against this struggle and 
It's brighter. Then the things you did and when your back 
 
Uh and I seen it all before it came - 
I - knew it before the fame 
I would reach it and knew that I would never be the same. 
It would be the best and the worst time bittersweet 
'til. You be asking the Lord to deliver me 
Aw Marty. Every time I call 
You be thinking ha, do you have fun at all 
We mixing these records. I changed a little though 
Reminiscing over Andy Warhol means B-I-G-P-O-P-P-A 
When opportunity calls. Usually it's not three-way 
I asked God to help me out with this. Just look what he did in three days. 
So tell me: do you go with what you know all your life 
Or, throw it all away for who you feeling for 
Cause? Basically, the choices that you making will eventually hurt you down. The
Road 
Here I go 
 
I, feel it all I'm'bout to say: 
Your love. Just comes up all day, 
I feel as though I'm up against this struggle and 
It's brighter. Then the things you did and when your back
 
