Alligator Lyrics
by The Uncluded.

Kimya Dawson.
Orchestrated chamber pots.
Soap dish shaped like an alligator.
Tit for tat you nail my twat.
Pitter pat to the smell ya later.
For a lack of evidently skater chaser tater tot.
Mail the rebate in then wait.
But for how long?
I forgot.
24 or 25 or 26 man I don't know.
Either way and alligator helped me to feel less alone.
Through sophomoric awkwardness.
Broken Mirror.
Damaged Goods.
The eternal question's wood eye.
Wood eye?
Oh fuck yea I would.
Woulda coulda shoulda done it.
Almost did but was too scared.
Critically conditioning the tits and ass and hips and hair.
Piece together rooty tooty cuties poo the tiny one.
Inner baggage carry's on external manifestation.
All your friends are drinking beer.
All your friends are making out.
All your friends are smoking shit, and fingering, and going down.
T-shirt says I'm High on Life.
Climb and climb the tallest tree.
Christopher and Sir Topham Hatt.
help you conduct your symphony.
For sympathetic chocodiles and empathetic Fudgy whales.
Genetically telepathic Reading Rainbow nerf ball for sale.
Change your shoes and pick a lane.
Take aim with three in the holes.
Spare the line on the approach.
Last chair wins the tidy bowl.

Aesop Rock.
The tuning in of Tokyo in lien of Basic Channeling.
Had students of the Bosom study woman through the scrambling 1980 cable box.

A gateway drug for horny lads.
Who later found the joy of sex and hidden stash of porno mags.
Holy god damn fucking shit.
Massive hooters everywhere.
Pointing toward celestial defenders of the hemisphere.
So many vagina types.
This one is naked lamb.
This one is a violant slice.
This one is like raver pants.
Someone that you know is hiding hustlers in the local woods.
Inside there is something that will alter how you know this world.
You may want to fuck some tits.
You may want to hide your face.
You will always find some time to fuck your fucking time away.
We had found a mystery VHS tape in a secret drawer.
When our parents left for work we fed it to the VCR.
Specimens of hair and sweat intended for a private eye.
Humping like a pair of dogs.
Showcasing a primal drive.
Nothing seamed the same again.
Judgement is a petty joke.
Nobody can say a word.
They worship the same centerfold.
Aliens of horrid Mars.
Seeking life on boring Earth.
Dropping quarters on the floor.
Peaking up the shortest skirts.

