Analog Lyrics
by Tyler.


I can grab the fireworks the soda all the cookies. We can eat 
Make you nauseous, but be cautious. This is not _Dawson's. Creek_ 
We could sneak away fuck it. You could bring an eighth 
I'm, not gon' smoke, but I'm just asking baby сould. You meet me by the lake
 
Said, bring a towel. Well, baby
meet me by the lake 
Bathing suit. It'S going down shit just meet me by the lake 
We could count the shooting stars. Well. Could you meet me by the lake
 
Summer never has to end with me. 
 
I'm give it to her. She wants that summer time, 
I'm give it like no other cause. She knows, I'm hers, 
Damn right, she's mine. We both
know it 
So when we separate everything, fine, her phone ringin' in her purse, 
Damn right. It'S me: I'm her nigga nigga 
Come for mines. In summer time, I'mma bust that trigger nigga 
Catch, us Venice, beachin', she
 wan na go shopping 
Sun down after club cause she like to get it popping 
Sangria on my freedmind cause
she likes to get it popping 
No ecstasy. For her, but she wan na get it popping 
Drop topping. I measure her pleasure, 
Then drop in when she get out
of place. I quantinize 
She is my concubine. I am her
porcupine 
I poke her face her throat for
taste, give me head like I'm
on her mind. 
I know her analyzation, so when she try to fake 
Summer time in the boat of love, meet me by the lake 
 
I can grab the fireworks the soda all the cookies. We can eat 
Make you nauseous, but be cautious. This is not _Dawson's. Creek_ 
We could sneak away fuck it. You could bring an eighth 
I'm, not gon' smoke, but I'm just asking baby сould you meet me by the lake
 
Said bring a towel. Well, baby
meet me by the lake 
Bathing suit. It'S going down. Shit just meet me by the lake 
We could count the shooting stars. Well. Could you meet me by the lake
 
Summer never has to end with me. 
 
I packed a couple. Sandwiches inside that basket. 
And brought some extra towels. If anyone was asking, 
We should take a dip in that lake, quick and then split 
Then. Do something that's beyond what we both can imagine 
 
Watch the sunset we can watch the sunset grab a drink, 
Watch, the sunset. We can watch the sunset look in the sky, 
Watch the sunset. We can watch the sunset. We never have to leave. 
Watch the sunset 
Watch, the sunset. We can watch the sunset 
Watch, the sunset. We can watch the sunset 
Watch, the sunset. We can watch the sunset, Incomprehensible, 
Watch, the sunset 
Watch, the sunset. We can watch the sunset 
Watch, the sunset. We can watch the sunset 
Watch, the sunset. We can watch the sunset 
Incomprehensible 
Watch, the sunset 
 
We're. Here all night school is in session 
Look. You know the water's pretty deep: let's go to sleep
 
