Android Julian Lyrics
by Rustlah.

Skin thin plastic, a poor excuse for flesh.
Steel enforced skeleton, bound beneath the mesh.
Working class trash with a flask.
Could pass for Clark Kent when he upload the mask.
Words hardly dent Harvey Dent, already spent.
His last dime on modified insides.
Yeah, the kids got heart, exhausted car parts.
Nano-techno-exo plus he stream exponential.
Wiring got his nervous system twisted like a pretzel.
Implants in his hands, air typist trance.
MC oil pants, hopeless human hybrid, who keep asking.
Why we living like this?
Still gets every implant allowed, and he's proud.
Alone in the crowd, and he's loud.
Trying to figure out, how much can you stream before you scream and you drown.
The world in his pocket, iGOD 6.
Micro processed progress, documents the dogs.
As they govern the godless.
A careful clock maker, judged on how he watches.

A car in every driveway, a beer in every car.
Police see him sideways, leaving from every bar.
Satellite phones, TVs in every home.
Look at all these updates, you'll never be alone.
A car in every driveway, a beer in every car.
Police see him sideways, leaving from every bar.
Satellite phones, TVs in every home.
Tear out all these wires and you're only flesh and bone.

Mr. Roboto, android Jesus.
Walking to the corner store his core driver freezes.
Standing in the silhouette of death, he clutch the port on his neck.
Just to check and it's wet but still streaming.
Hop onto the met to the shop for some cleaning.
The nurse greets him, plug in to power up.
Face looks like he chewing on sour stuff.
At this interlude wire tentacles entered Jooj.
Drones appeared out of fear, the condition shouldn't have.
Happened for years, but its near.
Singularity approached him.
His eyes shut closed then burst open.
Now I've known men who have scrolled the nets.
Couldn't speak, but in abbreviated text, and what happened next.
Was critical. He stopped being human and became a sentinel.
No emotions left could be seen in facial features.
A logical creature had climbed out of the ether.
A casualty to technology, follow me?
All the remained of his soul shimmered when the AC shivered.

A car in every driveway, a beer in every car.
Police see him sideways, leaving from every bar.
Satellite phones, TVs in every home.
Look at all these updates, you'll never be alone.
A car in every driveway, a beer in every car.
Police see him sideways, leaving from every bar.
Satellite phones, TVs in every home.
Tear out all these wires and you're only flesh and bone.

