Angel of Death Lyrics
by Swollen Members.


Nothing can hurt us now.
What we have can't be destroyed.
That's our victory, our victory over the dark.

Been bombin' before, Andromeda's core.
Islamic's at war, blood red on the floor.
I'm in my own lane, ten game hitter.
Friends get bitter, someone that they won't get rid of.
We had the dopest litter, bunch of Bowe, Riddicks.
Rappers with pro fitteds, we had no critics.
I fuckin' flow with it, my soul is so acidic.
A style that you won't mimic cause this is no gimmick.
I'm fuckin' Madchild, bastard, I'm my own man.
Now I'm a grown man followin' a program.
I'm tryin' to get myself security like Homeland.
Health, wealth, family, and definitely romance.
Colder than a snowman.
We are 'bout to blow, man.
Steady like a slow jam.
Heavy like a cro-mag.
Verifying that I'm terrifying with every entry.
Rapper of the month? We are rappers of the century.
Your shit is elementary.
Time we hit the gates we'll be rappers of the century.

Petty loads of chemicals brother.
I'm a black shark in dark water.
Crashin' through your boat and your rudder.
They won't discover you motherfucker, you're lost as sea.
Twenty tentacles wrap around you like the roots of a tree.

From the incubator straight to incinerator.
Open up the steel gates, a modern day liberator.
Grey matter data ate a rapper for lunchtime.
I want my revenge like I came from a mummy's mind.
I ain't scare of no ambulance, magic spells and sunshine.
Energy points, portals, ports, and landlines.
Great minds alike think, strike down the weaklings.
Light tower, watchtower, watch how the beacon blink.
Deeper drink down potion, poison earth, ocean water.
Barbara is so filled with 'plistic, mask of Phantom of the Opera.
Watch out for chandeliers crashin' through the floor, Joyce.
Poor choice of words, never hear my voice say those.
Yeah, you underneath the heavy waves, color of colbalt.
Salt stick float box, tempature so cold.
Big drops of freezin' rain, born to reign upon this plane.
You call it reality, I call it a pawn in game.
Kill the king, capture flag, drag the bag to vulture valley.
If that's just to far to drive, leave it in the back of alleys.
Steal the ring, capture flag, drag the bones to harbor's bend.
If that shit to far to swim then leave em in the garbage bin.

