Animated Intro Lyrics
by VI Seconds.


Brooklyn New York has given birth to multiple legendary artists, 
But. None like this 
No one could've expected such a timid but friendly child 
To evolve into a beast. With such power. 
He'S been beaten and broken by society as a child. 
Now he's returned with a vengeance. As a man, 
And he's taking no prisoners, 
VI has been awakened. 
The world has to face what they've created over the years. 
Things are about to change and VI is taking control. 
 
VI Seconds 
Yeah welcome to Animated 
Get a hard copy and laminate it 
Beyond sick. If I'm coughing, I'm in a casket laying 
I've surpassed the greatest, you can take this as my affidavit 
It's common knowledge, I'm ill like I don't have to say it. 
Fuck. The cats who savin' I'm the MVP 
These MP3's forcing'em to envy me 
See, lock me in a room and I'll be spittin''til. The walls are glazed 
Leave'em. All amazed, ,'til, I'm a star on the Walk of Fame 
You got bars for days. I got lyrics for eternity 
Burning herbs to the third degree for thinking they can murder me 
Rubbin' my success in the face of those that deserted me 
Consistently, giving shivers to everyone. That'S heard of me 
Grindin' putting that work to my wallet 
Got, a bigger bulge than a Gucci Mane shirt 
In the front by your stomach, bringing shit you couldn't stomach 
With, a girdle as I rise and I'm causing your plummet. Uh 
Coming out outta, my city, alarge 
Showing, no love these niggas, my sons, 
Guess. It makes me a deadbeat cause. I made these niggas on veggies 
Now pay. You any mind, mind I'ma grip, many time, 
I'ma, just swirm my mind. ,'Til the deaths beats 
I, don't even got ta say I'm quite a display. 
I can make a hetero out a lesbian 
In. This bitch, like she decided to keep the baby 
I straighten minds out. Niggas, don't think, I'm speaking crazy, 
Fight to fight I fight to kill with two different animals, 
I'm slick on my feet. I can catch my own Lateral, 
Passes, some real nigga. I say no need for G-passes 
Middle fingers to masses. I say that shit with a passion, 
My abyss, don't step on my toes 
Best watch where you are dancing 
And, I'm too hard-bodied for you, some muscle, relaxants 
Bitch. What'S a snow storm to a blizzard 
Meteor I step and the ground suffers fissure 
I'm singeing everything from your crown till your gizzards 
Passing fates out boy. I travel town with my clippers 
The sound of this nigga, Nothing less than ill as shit 
The sound of y'all niggas straight skittles and licorices 
So. Miss me with your'who's the best lyricist ?' gibberish 
Stapping, the turds. That'S on me when you really be killing shit. 
Dig top tier, but I was hidden in the shadows: 
Now, I'm dethroning your pharaoh and splitting through all his marrow 
The difference. You should value from these niggas to me is my value but y'all 
You're, giving me my reason to breathe 
Now, let's get Animated 
Ah-ah-ah. Now, let's get Animated 
Ah-ah-ah; now, let's get Animated 
Ah-ah-ah. Now, let's get Animated 
One more time. 
Ah-Ah-Ah! Now, let's get Animated
 
