Anniversary (Fall In Love) Lyrics
by Wretch 32.


It's funny how we shared those laughs, and a year goes fast.
I can't wait till another years goes past.
Grinding, tryna make your ear lobes glass.
Diamonds, I'll put you in a Pharoh's arms.
Lets raise those glasses, nobody claimed that we lost it.
We just overcame all the crosses.
Everyone staring at your frame when your passing.
Used to get me jealous.
I ain't changed im a bastard.
Only thing changed now im car sick.
Why? cause you're driving me crazy.
We just went half's on a baby.
When I have half on a scalies.
One day we will have a bunch like bradies.
Right now we just gotta wait no creating.
Im tryin to stay on my feet cos im lazy.
Now u can never leave or replace love.
Cos if we make one it will break us.

We should make a toast, cos we just went from one year to another.
And I never thought that we'd be this close, we gotta vibe when we ride your like a brother.
But your my lover, so lets make a toast, cos we just went from one year to.
another.
And I never thought that we'd be this close, we gotta vibe when we ride your.
like a brother.
But your my lover.

Baby, take my hand, you're my everything.
Well, we made it through the storm again.
You're my heart and you're my head, they.
Said we wouldn't last but.
Every year that passes.
We fall in love we fall in love we fall in love again.

Look, sometimes I feel like you mirror me, cos you remind me of myself when we.
dissagree.
Arguements, always seemed verbal, literally, then we'd get hotter than an.
inferno physically.
Yeh and I never acted spiritually, untill I saw mini me looking like a.
different me.
And, this is weird, isnt me, and this is Lauryn Hill 'softly killing.
me'.
Stung like I was hit with a wasp and a killer bee for the first time like I.
lost my virginity.
My head gone no guillitine, I still get my game on, dont finish me.
Yeah, and let me spring through the winter time, there ain't a season on.
earth where we didn't shine.
They never thought that we'd make it to the finish line.
Now were on our victory lap on the winning line.

And we share those laughs and a year goes fast, but can't wait till another.
year goes past.
We share those laughs and a year goes fast, but can't wait till another year.
goes past.
We share those laughs and a year goes fast, but can't wait till another year.
goes past.
We share those laughs and a year goes fast, but can't wait till another year.
goes past.

