Another Song Lyrics
by Z-Ro.

Talking 
Hold up, let me hit my Hypnotic 
Aight. You rollin 
I'd, just like to take a minute to apolgize, to my listeners, 
I just wan na say I'm sorry for not havin any songs about happiness, 
Or, bein in peace and shit like that 
See. I can only display my personal feelings and experinces 
And so far. I ain't felt what happiness feels like 
And experinced anything but hard times and heartache 
So. I apoligize for not makin you dance 
I apologize for not havin any sarcastical. Songs. 
You know that good feeling, with e'm 
That, put a smile on your face. 
I ain't had nothin to offer accept for frown 
So. For that. I'M sorry, I promise if I can sing another song 
 
Seems like everytime. I do a good deed, good deeds, never return. To'Ro 
I gave up my last, so somebody could have a start 
Then. Somebody got me locked behind bars, 
What a way to show ya, love back-homie, you a friend for life, 
For your crime, I'm doin time in the Penn tonight, 
It's bad enough. I lost a family. My luck, ain't live, 
Mama died when I was 6 and Daddy ain't have enough time. 
To kick it with me-like. I wanted him to kick it with me, 
Now that I'm incarcarated you wan na come and visit with me 
But. I ain't holdin, no grudges Daddy. I love you that's my word 
Even though you had me sleeping on a curb .... I wish I had another song. 
 
These are the days 
We cherish them because soon they'll be gone away, 
On to another place, 
Pretty soon I'll be gone. 
Twenty-Summod years of calling God on this mobile phone 
If, it wasn't for my life style, I'd sing, another song, 
 
I, wish that I was ridin around in a Bentley 
But, maybe Z-Ro living lavish. Just ain't meant to be 
Cause. I'M the type of fella that'll give a bum a hundred dollars. 
I'D rather help out my people instead of poppin my collar 
I, wish that I could get a million copies sold. 
If I'm broke, I'd rather die. I don't want no more poverty-'Ro and oh 
Sometimes. I wish that I was somebody else 
Cause. I can't even pay bills, even though my CD's want stay on the shelf 
Strugglin and I'm strivin, and just barely strivin 
Bobbin and weavin-my last breathe time after time. 
And it seems that I want ever get no rest. I'M exhausted 
Tryna make it-compare the price and pain is what the cost is 
Maybe. If I was evil I'd be rolling in bread, 
Until somebody with a pistol come and opened my head 
But. My mission is keepin ambition, 
I'm trying so hard, even though my soul is scarred-oh. Lord ... 
I wish I had another song. 
 
These are the days 
We cherish them because soon they'll be gone away. 
On to another place, 
Pretty soon I'll be gone. 
Twenty-Summod years of calling God on this mobile phone 
If, it wasn't for my life style, I'd sing, another song, 
 
I, wish that I could sing another song 
But. My rhythm is too much pain. 
Sunshine is the level that I think I'm own. So tell me why it's so much rain 
Day to day it's a struggle in my lifetime, 
To keep from creepin, I be stayin in the G 
No crimes. Commited. So tell me why I'm doin time 
And want nobody come and sit with me for free 
Sometimes. At night I smoke a cig and sit back 
And wonder why the whole world hate me 
So much ambition. I just got ta pull my wig back. 
Wishing murder would come on and take me 
I wish that I could sing another song 
I'm, tired of sleeping in rivers of tears all night long 
No point in wonderin. Why my people use to do me wrong 
Stuck in this reality. Until my life is over and gone, 
 
These are the days 
We cherish them because soon they'll be gone away. 
On to another place, 
Pretty soon I'll be gone. 
Twenty-Summod years of calling God on this mobile phone 
If, it wasn't for my life style, I'd sing, another song
 
