Another Bitch (Street Version) Lyrics
by U.N.L.V..


I got a trick for all these hoes thats out here. Sucking dick 
 
I'ma talk some more shit about another bitch 
Cause I'ma talk some more shit about another bitch, 
 
I, say: biiiiitch, stop talkin' that shit 
You sucked a nigga dick for an outfit 
So, won't ya! Do that dance, ya! Shakin'! That thing 
I'ma buy that hoe. Some onion rings 
Biiiiitch stop talkin' that shit 
Ya sucked a nigga dick for some K-Swiss 
And. If i bust four nuts I'ma put ya in shop, 
And ya, ain't, gettin', no Reeboks, 
6, plus 6 pick up the sticks, 
I'ma get the hoe hair fixed 
And. If I think the hoe love me, 
Thinkin' of me, 
I'ma buy the hoe a polo rug-be 
And. If ya shirt dont fit, it might be too small 
I'ma. Let that bitch suck between my balls, 
So biiiiiitch lets have sex 
I'ma, give ya 20 dollars out. My next pay check. 
I pull a pussy nigga caaaaaard 
Cause I'ma gangsta ass nigga from the 3rd ward. 
You see i pull a pussy nigga caaaaard 
Cause I'ma gangsta ass nigga from the 3rd ward, 
So won't ya, run and get the gat for me. 
Cause I'ma, gangsta, ass nigga at 18 
I said a run and get the gat fa me. 
Cause I'ma gangsta, ass nigga. At 18 
You see, i met this hoe about a month ago. 
Her rap was so low. She had the high pro glow 
And when I asked her name and she did. The same. 
I took her to the Roshambo and entertain 
Now. This bitch that i met 
Her name was Yevette 
I hit her from the back and made the pussy hoe, wet 
That, pussy started FARTIN' and makin' noise. 
I said ya, bend down when ya finish. Won'T ya! Fuck, my boy 
She fucked, my boy Tec, cause he made the bitch scury 
Tec when ya finish, won't ya, toss her to Geary 
Geary when ya finish, dont bring her to me. 
Jus drag that bitch to my nigga T 
T. When ya finish: dont, you go slow. 
Just toss that bitch to my boy, Lil Moe 
Moe when ya finish, dont trick Mc Donalds 
Just pass that bitch to my nigga Lil Ronald 
Ronald, when ya finish, dont put on ya sirene 
Just pass that bitch to my nigga Tyrelle 
Tyrelle. When you finish, you know what to do: 
Drag that bitch to my nigga Slew 
Slew, when ya finish. Dont, you go. Take a piss, 
Cause I'ma talk some more shit about another bitch 
 
Talk, some more shit about another bitch 
Talk, some more shit about another bitch 
Cause I'ma talk some more shit about another bitch 
And I'ma talk some more shit about another bitch 
 
The next hoe. I met had gold that shine, 
Her name was Sabrina, she was short and big. Fine 
I met her one sunday hangin' out at night, 
I said: bitch, won't ya, come and ride. My dick, like a bike 
She got in my car and tried to play that role. 
Thats when i hit it down Ellen's and i hit the sugar boat 
Now, we in the hotel about a quarter to 6 
I'm layin' on my back and she's ridin'. My dick 
She started rollin' hard, so i said: get up. 
And bitch put it in ya mouth! So i could bust me a nut 
I busted in her mouth and my cum went far. 
The bitch went to sleep and then i jetted in my car 
Now Sabrina is a dog ya, see 
2 weeks later that bitch fucked, my boy Geary 
I'ma, gangsta, ass nigga and I'm not a trick. 
So I'ma talk some more shit about another bitch 
 
Talk. Some more shit about another bitch 
Talk, some more shit about another bitch 
Cause I'ma talk some more shit about another bitch 
And I'ma talk some more shit about another biiiiiiitch 
 
Lil Ya in the house, 
I'm bout to pass this mic to my motherfucking boy, Tec-9 
Cause, Bitch put UNLV on the motherfucking map: Ya. Hord me 
, ... I'ma. Let my boy Tec-9 show ya what we got. 
 
I got alot a dog bitches on my list: 
Who be fuckin', fa, outfits and undercover suckin', dicks 
I. Think about this hoes. All the time. 
So I'ma take them off my mind and put them hoes in my fuckin' rhyme 
Its time to kick it about this bitch named Sharlene 
She was short and real ugly, but the pussy was clean. 
And I'ma talk about her dog ass, bad 
And. If ya dont like what I'm sayin', you can lick my ass 
Its time to kick it about this bitch named Roshawn 
She was a sweet red girl 
But. She had no mind. 
I met her in school. Just before lunch time, 
I told her that I love her and the pussy was mine. 
Dont get mad. If ya in my rhyme 
Alot a people talk about you so its not the first time 
 
So, biiiitch dont, you be mad. 
I put you in my song. So you should be glad 
Biiiiitch dont, you be mad. 
I put you in my song, so you should be glad 
You ain't nuttin', but a 3rd ward clown 
Ya played hard to get. But now I'm dickin' ya down 
You ain't nuttin', but a 3rd ward clown 
Ya played hard to get, but now I'm dickin' ya down. 
 
While, my nigga Lil Fat is talkin' shit about another bitch 
I'ma. Tell you bout this hoe who sucked my dick 
Her name was Denise. She had real big hips 
So. I took her to my house, so she can work them lips. 
We did it on the bed and then we moved to the floor. 
And. Then she sucked my dick, like a specialized pro 
So, biiitch, dont scream and shout 
If. My dick is too big, put it back in ya, mouth 
Biiiitch, dont scream and shout 
If. My dick is too big, put it back in ya: mouth 
You, ain't nuttin', but a stupid, ass, bitch 
You used to stay to yourself, but now you suckin them. Dicks 
You ain't nuttin', but a stupid, ass, bitch 
You used to stay to yourself, but now you suckin them. Dicks, 
, 
Bounce, bounce fa, UNLV 
Shake, shake that ass fa. My nigga T 
Bounce bounce fa, UNLV 
Pop pop that pussy fa. My boy lil Geary, 
Bounce bounce fa, UNLV 
Twerk, twerk that ass for the M-o-e 
Bounce bounce fa, UNLV 
Pop pop that pussy fa, the F-a-t 
 
Lemmie. Kick it bout, this hoe that everybody should know, 
She never had her hair fixed and always wear the same clothes 
Her name was Tira. I dont know whats up 
Alot a niggas talk about her, but the bitch can fuck 
So biiitch come and ride. My dick, like a bike, 
And I'ma, buy you a 5th next sunday night, 
Biiitch come and ride. My dick, like a bike. 
And I'ma buy you a 5th next sunday night, 
, 
You, ain't nuttin', but a trick. Fa clothes 
You had caps in ya mouth and you thought they was real. Golds 
You ain't nuttin', but a trick fa clothes 
You had caps in ya mouth and you thought they was real. Golds 
 
Lemmie tell you bout this time. I fucked this bitch named Dionne. 
The pussy was so good. I almost lost my mind. 
Now Dionne has a cousin who moves real, fast 
So. I played her to the left, so I can hit that ass. 
I got to kick it bout, this nasty, bitch, 
I'm not'gon, say her real name, but I call her Trish 
Trish is a girl that i used to like 
'Till. She dropped on he knees and sucked my dick one night, 
She sucked my dick p'till. I caught me a nut 
And. Then I took it out her mouth and put it straight in her butt 
 
Bounce bounce fa, UNLV 
Shake shake that ass fa, my nigga T 
Bounce boucne fa, UNLV 
Pop pop that pussy fa, my boy, lil Geary, 
Bounce, bounce fa, UNLV 
Twerk twerk that ass for The M-o-e 
Bounce bounce fa, UNLV 
Shake shake that ass fa, the F-a-t 
 
All, the bitches in the back. If ya, down with Tec 
Drop down to your knees and put your lips in affect 
All the fellas in the house, if ya have not heard, 
My name is Tec-9 and I'm from that 3rd 
So, I'm kickin it for them. Hoes 
Them dog, ass, hoes, 
Kickin, it-kickin, it-Kickin it-kickin, it fa them dog, ass, hoes, 
Kickin, it-kickin, it fa them. Hoes, 
Them dog, ass, hoes, 
Kickin, it-kickin, it-Kickin, it-kickin, it fa them dog, ass, hoes, 
KIckin, it-Kickin, it fa them. Hoes 
Them dog, ass, hoes, 
Kickin it-Kick-kick-kick-kickin, it fa them dog, ass, hoes, 
Kickin, it-kickin, it fa them. Hoes, 
Them dog, ass, hoes, 
Kickin, it-kickin, it-Kickin it-kickin, it fa them dog, ass, hoes, 
, 
, {, Tec-9, Talking ) 
The. U is for Uptown, 
The N is fa. Niggas 
The L is for Livin, 
The V is for Violent, 
 
The. U is for Uptown, 
The N is fa. Niggas 
The L is for Livin. 
The V is for Violent, 
 
Lil Ya in the House, 
Tec-9 in the house, 
Put UNLV on the map. Ya heard me: 
Yeah ya, right
 
