Answers Lyrics
by Quasimoto.

Madlib 
This nigga take it back like blacksploitation flicks, 
And afros, where niggas trying to catch this shit 
I was uhh three years ago. 
If, you didn't know that we keep it fresh, like douche 
If, you didn't know, y'all need that extra push, 
We're rushing through with raw delight, 
We're, dropping that shit, while y'all niggas bite, 
Speaking'bout, ya, copycats, 
Ya, weak beats and ya. Sloppy raps 
We come though spreading light. 
While ya, weak lyrics, spread negative hype, 
We kicking true forms of music sketches of sound increase. 
Niggas try to stop the force 
Thinking that they have the source, 
 
Wild, Child 
Hey man. I'Ve got a question for you 
Can. You feel me Speaking on you wack MC's, 
Ya, saying Not really that's cause. I cut ya hands off 
Time to set the story straight brothers. Looking for their fate, 
You was that nerd fake cat who went to school at Lamda Lamda 
Trying not to recite the rhymes. So you bite the poems 
I slap, your lip, so you talk sideways. Like Sly, Stallone, 
Face the truth, my fists are guided to knock your left tooth 
Lyrically ya, moms rhymes, better than you and she's deaf mute 
Step two times to the left, throw up ya, fists. 
Direct'Em towards those wack MC's, please, as I reminisce 
You, might have more dollars than you have common sense. 
The LP's stand ground like Hercules. 
Let'S. Take that fake cat break back and make black 
People around the world realize they trying to play us like 8-track 
I, formulate rhymes to educate all those who's killing 
Music, be the only way to express how I'm feeling 
Ya conniving like Clinton with more nerve than Judge Judy 
You'd be a good ass, looking girl because ya rhymes sound booty, 
 
Madlib 
But on that subject on talking bout ya, wack MC's, 
Ya comin', like counterfeit 
But back in the days y'all wasn't no killas gambinos or gangsta G's 
Y'all up on some other shit, 
 
Yo we waiting for the Mothership 
But most of y'all niggas is the reason that half of us brothers have split 
 
You know, I'm kicking true to the game. 
You know I am to keep it real 
Like, my nigga Kaz, I'm letting off battle drills, 
I'm your replacement, 
Madlib up in the basement, 
 
Wild Child 
Now. On that subject: talking'bout ya, wack, 
MC's 
We drop a soundpiece. We keep it, we keep it. We keep it real 
Not, like them, fake, gangsta, G's, 
I rock the mic and strike while dictating light. 
I'M peaking you keep weakening like Kryptonite 
Yo. What I'm tired of absence of the High Above 
Niggas riot up and then blame it on the blaze. They'Ve fired up. 
So, I'm bringing back something that was never lost 
Cause. You know we can't just forget about them. Peeps who's, strictly conscious, 
The, 8-0-5 niggas got soul. Like Kato 
When, you swing I'll block blows rock roll, the cradle 
So ay yo on beats, I'm like the Tazmanian Tornado. 
Wild Child live from the 5 that be 8-0 
 
