Anything (Old Skool Mix) Lyrics
by SWV.


I'Ll, give you anything A like that y'all a like that ya, like 
I'll, give you anything baby A like that y'all a like that, like that 
I'll give you anything A like that, y'all a like that ya, like 
A, like that y'all a like that, like that 
I'Ll, give you anything A like that y'all a like that check it out. 
I'Ll, give you anything baby, A like that y'all a check it out check it out, 
SWV 
Anticipation of what's to come, 
I'm so happy that I'm the lucky one 
So long! I'Ve waited. But it's never too late. 
For love… 
It feels so right baby that it can't be wrong 
Where. I am weak baby. You make me strong, 
I'm down for you and whatever you want 
To do…. It'S all up to you, because 
 
Anything, you want baby Gon na. Try to 
I am gon na try to do It's. Alright, 
I'm gon na try to do 
Pleasure every way You can ride 
Just to get with you. If you want to 
To… 
SWV 
Whatever method used is alright with me. 
As long as you get to where you need to be 
This is the vision made for both of our eyes. 
To see… 
It feels so right. It can't be wrong 
Where, I am weak ba-by. You make me strong 
I'm down for you and whatever you want me, 
To do…. It'S all up to you, because 
 
Ol Dirty Bastard, 
Dirty Bas style cuts like glass 
 Got ta got ta, keep it high power to the mass 
Yo Gods. Another like platinum, hit. 
Party people all around be sayin, that's the shit 
Method Man, 
Kaboom, Guess who stepped in the room 
Tical hailing from the Shaolin Isle 
It. Be me the killer bee on the M-I-C 
With, the S-S-double-double-U to the V-V 
Me me goin downtown. Let me see 
If we all and together now make it mo' better. Now 
Listen I ain't sweatin, no competition, 
Flow goin mad low, like I'm dissin 
U-God 
Another chapter from the Wu-Tang group, 
Take, a look or a peak killer bees. Never sleep! 
Nonstop put you on the choppin block, 
Unorthodox attitude to melting pot. 
Method Man 
I'll do anything I'm so into you 
Right. Here I win downtown with the Wu 
Kaboom Guess who stepped in the room: 
The S-S-double-double-U to the V-V 
 
