Anything Lyrics
by Twisted Insane.


I never thought a nigga would have fame.
Now i do this shit to make bank.
Bitches on my dick up at these shows.
She said she wanna meet insane.
I took her to the bar and got her faded.
Had a stupid ass conversation.
Bitch wanted me to ride with her.
She let me drive her shit to the gas station.
I'm so fucking totaled I'm damaged.
So high probably on another planet.
She steady poppin' out her titties like Janet.
The only difference is this bitch can't manage.
Now I know you probably think I took advantage.
Truthfully I shoulda hit this shit and vanished.
But the bitch let me see her debit card.
I went to burger king to get a chicken sandwich, nigga.
Hoes do anything for money.
Even if they gotta do a little sinnin'.
She tryna fuck me and get to the big homie.
I'm bout to max her card out to the limit.
I ain't got a big house like.
I ain't dropped a big album like.
I ain't been around the world like.
I'm lookin' at her like this bitch got me  - fuck it.
Hopped out the whip with my dick in my hands.
Didn't wait for the dumb bitch to zip up my pants.
Still got the condom on its still in my hands.
This is how ISO gets rid of his fans.
When you meet me do not let me get in your van.
This psycho shit's in me I'm schizo not playin'.
So watch what you say when you visit the cap.
I called up big homie like this is the plan.

These bitches do anything to be Brainsick x4.
These hoes do anything to be Brainsick x4.

The homie here he told me that he had one.
I told him won't you bring the ho to Yockaville.
This nigga talkin' bout this bitch is bad son!
What the fuck you waitin' for we gots to cheer.
I stuck it in she started speakin' Spanish.
Now I don't even know if she can handle.
I pulled it out she gave it in like damn it.
Bitches talkin' bout the dick is big as the Titanic… yocka!
He said he had a bitch who wanna fuck me.
I played it off and made her feel so lucky.
Got the credit card up out the bitch's front seat.
I had the pussy quackin' like it was a rubber ducky.
He told me that he got the pussy cause he knew me.
How come you didn't bring her home so she could do me?
He was too busy kissin' rubbin' on the booty.
I was in the bedroom on a mission for the jewelry.
Winnin' I don't got nice kicks like.
I needa get a side bitch like.
Come on suck up on my dick like you do.
I hate it when these bitches wanna call me  - fuck it.
Call me but you want to just give me the head.
She passed out I hit purse to get me some bread.
She told me don't want to fuck me instead.
She want to fuck Dikulz and Z in the bed.
These bitches they do anything for cock now a days.
She said she want C. Ray he like The Rock now a days.
Pokin' up or Bokin' like he Dr. Inbrate.
Man I needa really gotta get my cock on the blade.
Ride slow in the pussy.
Whenever it's my time to go man I really hope I die slow in the pussy.
Hey blood tell em about that one bitch.
I creep up in ya window for ya shit when I soak in the pussy - Brain!

Yeah nigga.
She says she don't wanna fuck with me alone.
She says she wanna get DP'd by Dikulz and Z.

sea.
When I walked in the room, she says she wants to get Brained.
She says she want C.Ray to dress up like the Incredible Hulk and smash it raw.
Redro put the eyepatch on and direct the shit like he's Nick Fury and shit.
Bitch says she wants ISO to dress up like Blade and suck the life out the.
bitch.
Shit, Brain!
Brainsick.

