Aristocratic Parties with Pianos Lyrics
by Antonym.

ARISTOCRATIC PARTIES WITH PIANOS:.

They wasn't sleepin' on me homie I rap good enough to put'em in a coma.
When I die barry me inside the MOMA.
Oklahoma tornado flow, way to go Antonym.
You made a beat that got the geek a girl to dance with him.
I'm making up my own flow.

Single, shiny bells with no jingle.
Your girl's breath stinks tell her lay off the pringles.
Sorry I had to spit some bars about that cliché.
That whole I got your girl in my pocket thing is on replay.
And too many people tell me I try not to be mainstream.
But your girls been around me and you I guess we're on the same team.
Don't blame me she's just following her heart.
Just like when she's with her girlfriends filling up that shopping cart.
Meanwhile I'm in here thinking like a modern Descartes.
Girls and I have one thing in common, the room just stays dark.
Thats that studio life, beats start popin.
Music out of Paris I like it here I'm raps Chopin.
Y'all don't get the picture Apple K like you croppin'.
No question about stoping.

Ya'll gotta let go let the kite go to heaven.
I been doing this shit since 1997.
Ever since day one cooking raps up in my apron.
Dealing with hot appliances, I'm in hell with satan!
I'm bout to pull the sword out the stone.
Cook these Brits a couple scones for their bones.
Make'em go crazy ignore their calls of the phones.
Put my world around the globe throwing bread crumbs out the.
Drones, the bread from the bakery.
My parents told me stick to school, rapping isn't safe for me.
Might as well get the noose, hang it off my bunk bed.
Might as well listen to nothing but what the drunk said.
Who the fuck said that? Touchy subjects.
Yeah I touch those like I'm giving this awkwardness some lovely dread dap.
This is such fun rap yeah I love it I love it.
And it's rap over everything, nothing above it.
Nothing at all its on top on the numerator.
I decide for that to last forever I'm the doomsdater.
Tell the news to the hater man.
Imma cut up his interior like crocodile aligator.

