Army Lyrics
by Russ.

Produced by Russ.

Who's this dude who's rappin' crazy?
Makin beats and singin' too.
Labels sendin invites to the man.
Betta bring the loot.
Mama told me act polite.
Act like that you've seen some money.
My dad taught me watch them eyes.
Bitches out here actin' funny.
You live like you grabbed the money.
I live like I have the money.
Imma' put my family on.
Get my shit and pass the money.
Buy my mom an island.
It's Tuesday, were in Bora Bora.
Drop some shit out for the fans.
Continue on my dora-dora.
Pass the gin', I poura-poura.
Lables need some more-a more-a.
Cause a couple ends ain't gonna make me move up out my corner.
Fuckin' up yo country.
USA girls treat me like I'm foreign.
Givin' out this free food.
Hope that you enjoyed your portion.
My shits for the masses.
You rappin' for yo neighborhood.
Got some money in my mattress.
That could fuck up yo whole neighborhood.
Deep breaths for the shallow mind.
I said deep breaths for the shallow mind.
Ignite a fire, we could all shine.

I got two middle fingers up if you don't care for me.
I got to be there for my fans cause they was there for me.
Left, Right, Left, come and march for me.
Got a fuckin' army round the world on call for me.
I got two middle fingers up if you don't care for me.
I got to be there for my fans cause they was there for me.
Left, Right, Left, come and march for me.
Got a fuckin' army round the world on call for me.

Guns up to the cashier.
Cause its cash here.
Yeah, I was polishin' my shit.
That was last year.
Yeah, now I'm smoother than a criminal.
And I'm movin' like a general.
Fuck that shit that all of y'all is talkin' bout.
I'm makin' myself hot.
Ain't shit yall can tell me.
This is like 50 mixed with EM.
Mixed with Machiavelli.
Got the tele in New York.
Labels tuggin' on my arms.
Sicily in my blood, I'm a boss.
They recognize the don.
Gettin' on while you foulin' up.
But it's never really been about you.
Cause mutha' fukkas' been makin' moves.
With or without you.
And I'm smoother than a criminal.
But I'm movin' like a general.

I got two middle fingers up if you don't care for me.
I got to be there for my fans cause they was there for me.
Left, Right, Left, come and march for me.
Got a fuckin' army round the world on call for me.
I got two middle fingers up if you don't care for me.
I got to be there for my fans cause they was there for me.
Left, Right, Left, come and march for me.
Got a fuckin' army round the world on call for me.

