Aromatherapy Lyrics
by Uno Hype.


Hype here.
Yeah hold up yeah.

Let me start by sayin shout out to the greatness.
And everybody here thank god that we made it.
Cover your hands I can see the cards you playin.
I'm just sayin don't reveal em to the other side otherwise.
Another lie how I be so fly.
But really I'm down to earth; I'm not your typical guy.
I'm not tryna put in work them other niggas is jerks.
Relax for the moment and let that pussy get murked tonight.
I don't take em shoppin these hoes ain't even worth the flight.
I was never the flirtin type but is it worth a try.
Take her back to the crib so I can work them thighs.
She was seeing a young nigga just work his eyes.
Lookin for a real dude baby you gon search and find.
I'm here for the night and yall niggas got perfect timing.
Them just hatin niggas baby please don't mind them.
My moms trippin out I done broke the recliner.

And I know that you ain't used to this.
I got you out here in yo newest shit.
But I got something we can do tonight.
The candles lit as if the mood is right.
Only if the mood is right 3x.
I got something we can do to night.

Oh I think she like me.
5-foot pices oh I think she wifey.
But she got a man he wanna fight me.

But fuck that, Here's my number.
you should write me.
I think our chances of being together is quite likely.
I said we should go out on a date she said surprise me.
Well I'm 16 now I should soon be driving.
We can head out to the islands fine dinin.
It's the end of the month I get paid for the rhyming.
Its all about the timing don't rush it lets get poured up.
Post up in the cut and do the grown up.
Said I can take you high if you a smoker.
Solar my style so vulgar.
So baby is you down or what.
It's the smokers club you should get down with us.

Is the mood right, tell me is the mood right.
Sip a glass of merlot while we watch the moonlight.
I could talk about me but that's irrelevant.
Your makin me horny though you are heaven sent.
I'm just kiddin boo I'm just tryna get wit you.
Yeah you a dime but I'm tryna smoke a nick with you.
Take you to the smokers club.
baby you could smoke with us.
I could be your therapist if you open up.
Open up when I'm knockin.
We could go to lazy town cuz I want the noggin.
Ain't the cheatin type so please don't go Lorena Bobbitt.
Your man my challenger well I guess I'll have to dodge him.
Get two milk shakes at Baskin Robbins.
Wanna hear ya voice your girl you killin me with the silence.
Think she slick when she missin I.
She could never miss a flight cuz I made her Mrs. Fly, man.

