Art Money Lyrics
by Swazi Jive Entertainment.


Out here making this art money little art, money, 
Everybody trynna, get a part money, so we got ta. Thank the lord money, 
Lots of people. Let you talk money, but they got no money. 
So. I never worry about our money. We all good. We all money 
Take a look at the thing that I do ooh. I do 
 and not you ... 
, I'm a 90's nice to meet you 
See. These amantombazane, with the futures will be hotter than the Sunniest of
seasons 
What happened when you stacking all your money to the ceiling 
Yes. I want it and I need it 
All these dollars and these nairas and these kwachas and madibas 

Now. We eatin' all my momma and my villages. 
Sl-Age kill-age pillage sky's the limit 
I'd rather be a pigeon than a chicken 
But. I'D rather be an Eagle than a pigeon yeah 
Either hunted or your hunting either stunted or your stunting 
Either unfed or your feasting 
Yes. I want it and I need it: uh 
 for the whole team, 
Either we all eat or we don't eat 
Swazi Jive DMTA. We took a break 
We heard your music for seven days then realized it's all weak 
So. We made Art Money, everybody played, they part money, 
It's gon', but us on the chart money - and this is just the start. Money 
I usually don't talk money, but I really need more money. 
This isn't buy the mall money. This is for my mom money: 
 
Art, Money, Art Money, 
Art, Money, Art, Money, 
Art, Money, Art Money, 
Art Money, Young 
, 
I was talking to my last girl. It was pretty recent 
She said all my music pretty decent and that's pretty wrong. 
But, you pretty sexy. So I let it slide 
Cause. Then we work it out like an exercise 
If, you ain't stepping up better step aside 
And. Ever since we hit you with that, Hipnotik you've been hypnotized
, 
You know that we kill it right. 
Nothing gets left alive cause. The flow is on hayibo 

No, false idols, 
 Got ta, show the kids that you can make it without singing on Idols. 
Now, I'm going tribal 
Used to be shy. Just to say I was a rapper uh 
Then. I realized we ain't on the same page, so I turned a new chapter: uh 
Now, I'm getting overbooked, 
Young short nigga, but I'm never getting over-looked 
Everytime, I'm over beats. You know them things: over-cooked 
Cause, I'm with the fire 
Sauce on the stove, siya'jiva 
Young, Swazi Jive, and we taking you higher 
You would think it's Swazi Gold, but it's Art Money, 
Yah, we making money from the art and we just started. Ah .
 
