Ataraxia Lyrics
by Sweetness.


Young Jacob, wake up.
Your friend passed away, did you see the news?
What? Where? When? Who? Wait let me grab my shoes.
The demons knocking on the door to my mind I had to refuse.
Looking back on it, I think his soul passed over mine and might have fused.
I was on the way in, Hey Kid, Welcome to the Jungle.
He was on the way out like Joe Namath headin to the tunnel.
With his hand high, to the game he bid adieu.
To inherit the legacy of the legends, I say yea “I Do”.
It's like every time I get a chance to appreciate life, I lose someone new.
My band of brothers, withstanding the tests of time we stand hand in hand.
How humbling is it to feel the whispers of the fallen from the land.
Just a street corner but my life intersection.
Sometimes the best decisions are made with indiscretion.
Sometimes they may lead to a life filled with misdirection.
My angels descended from above to provide reflection.
Gave me the gift of the truth, told me it was my weapon to wield.
Gave me the gift of music, told me it was my indestructible shield.
The modern day Odysseus, took me 20 years to find my place back on top the.
throne.
And even though in and out of life things are always comin and goin.
The struggle of trying to become great is something I've always known.
Like the Old Man and the Sea.
But it's the young Man and his degree.
If seeing is believing, then the truth is only as far as the eye can see.
Family members passing away told me to be all that I can be.
Soldiers killing for revolution told me that freedom is never free.
Narrow minded individuals; I've been living to free my mind.
From the shackles that have been cuffing our people since before our time.
Everytime they open their mouth they're spitting acid.
Like the Cola that they are ingesting to make themselves feel valid.
Politicians blowing your taxes.
Girls that need carfaxes.
Lies being broadcasted to the masses.
A society that needs drugs to get themselves goin.
But I just sip the finest drinks, Inject the music, feel the Epinephrine.
flowing.
My heart beating faster with each and every rhyme.
Expel away the stress, and get to closing my eyes.
Float off to the field of my dreams.
Because nothing in reality is never as it seems.
Instead of doing good, the objective is to violate prohibitives.
Many gangs of colors, why you so primitive?
Like Blue Jays and Cardinals or Owls for that matter.
Nowadays you gotta be connected to be able to climb the ladder.
And to whoever gets the most girls, or cash, I'm not flattered.
Grease the palm, and ironically that greases the hinges for doors to open up.
It's not what you know, but who you know, the world will always be corrupt.
But amongst the chaos, all I see is beauty.
The last shimmer of hope in a forge of vices, to our virtues we are called to.
duty.
Always remember that nothing given to you in this world is a curse, it's a.
gift.
And to all of you grinding gears in your old lifestyle, it's time to shift.
But even though the chapters change, it's still the same story.
When the time comes to look back, it's you the author that deserves the glory.
Imagination is more important than knowledge.
I put that on my application and they almost didn't let me into college.
The lifelong pursuit of money, power and love.
And even though things change, I'll always be the same boy looking to the sky.
above.
Let your imagination soar, you won't believe all the things the mind can.
conceive of.
Always pushing my mind to the limits of what I can dream of.
And amongst the shining light.
Who is there that calls my name.
St Paul, or Myron Cope, the golden voice, it's all the same.
They ask, to the Pittsburgh Kid living for the fame.
What you have you accomplished on earth, what do you proclaim?
My initials are JC, a son of mankind on a mission that was heaven sent.
If I ever go away, may these songs be my last testament.
The 5 people I'll meet in heaven.
I already know two of ‘em.
One day I will die, and I'm at peace with that.
One day the earth will die, and I'm fine with that.

But that's what makes life so amazing, and I take pride in that.
It's time we all start enjoying the miracles of life.
This is my freedom from ongoing stress and worry, Ataraxia.

