Atropos Lyrics
by Bodi.


Never will fall, never will fly.
Never be able to make it alive.
Never will know when it's my time to go.
But until that day shows I will open my eyes.
Never will crawl, never will dive.
Never be able to see my demise.
Ending is up to the fates to decide.
And I leave no regrets in the shadow behind.

This is life.
Rage against the dying of the light.
Balance on a tight-rope, threads, slowly sliced with a knife.
Find a way to navigate the mines and find happiness.
Defined as cutting ties with fear and.
living where our passion is.
Here, now, the moment's quickly passin'.
And no matter what we do our life is held ransom.
Asking what the meaning is, but we're the one whose questioned.
Lessons learned and finding answers, pass em on is our redemption.
Never restin, when moments test our poise.
Try to knock us down with suffering we can't avoid.
We make our choice, bow or keep our eyes up.
Give in, give up, and wave the flag or make our tragedy a triumph.
It's rarely easy, but truth is that we're all in need of the grind.
To give it purpose, what's freedom if we never know the bind?
And there's no shackle, til sound of the.
gallows and gavel go strike.
Except what we give power to.
Nothing holds us from our flight.
Unless we let it.

This is beautiful - even when it isn't.
And my limits make me stronger when I choose to fight against em.
No longer, and honor truth that I wander.
along the route.
On my own and I water roots when I'm.
showin how to lace boots.
And keep going, never slowing down, holding on until I've found.
What I live and what I fight for, what I'd gladly give my life for.
When I find my why I can handle any how.
I can sacrifice blood and sweat from the brow.
Freedom's the acceptance that the work is always endless.
And don't let this second guess the seconds spent until the day I exit.
Left or stage right - no time for stage fright.
No lines to memorize, just do my best to improvise.
In disguise I reside if I wear a mask of lies.
To try to hide my frightened eyes.
Blinded by the stars I idolize.
And try to be like.
Rewrite this foolish path to roam.
A sleep walking dead zombie living in the.
catacombs.
Destiny is only shown to those who've got the strength to face.
Their demons straight and see em break.
Beneath the weight of love we make.
Em free, and let go of waiting for the.
crystal ball.
Back against the wall will conquer nothing if you think you're small.
You are, but legends mark their own tarot.
cards.
Count the blessings till the endings dripping bone marrow hard.
It will be, again and again, but everything, everyone, everywhere passes.
And dreams are made awake, not waiting on a mattress.
Until we catch our train, moment-to-moment we capture and master this.
No Lazarus, there's no ever after after.
this.

