Attak Lyrics
by Rustie.

Produced by Rustie 
 
We laughing at ya, talkin' bout doing this and that and 
We know you be hustlin' backwards. Electric Slide on rewind 
My pockets is looking like rerun 
I've begun to dethrone you sippin' on that Seagram's 
Talkin' bout you gone, kill, somethin' 
Nigga must think they real or somethin' 
Go on ahead and pop a pill or somethin' 
You ain't fuckn' with me might as well. Od 
So after that one take ten times three 
Danny Brown and that boy Rustie 
Got the game on lock like we changed the key 
Can't get in it, whore her out, treat
that mouth, like police, wearhouse, 
Bust all up in it, nuts, all in it, 
Brand new tenant, Moved all up in it 
Cash no lease this ain't rented 
Came back now. It'S O G cynic, 
Who, the fuck y'all think ya'll is 
I'm a grown ass man. I don't play with no kids 
Back in 2003, used to post up and roll up bag of pounds of the meat 
Used to trap O.T. with the D on the
Greyhound bus, one pair of jeans, 
Sat down in the city, 
Like nigga. What a fiend 
But! I do. The same thing now it's just 16s 
Get money, my nigga like ya'sposed to 
if. I don't, then I might go postal 
Back, a nigga down like Howard, tryna post, you 
If you play around a nigga might smoke. You 
Beware what you say in the vocals 
Hood star, everybody going loco 
Ghetto put a pussy nigga in a chokehold 
No joke. That'S the code of survival, 
Battle Royale, everybody, your rival, 
In, the ghetto everybody going; psycho 
 
I'm, a maniac brainiac when I'm aiming at 
Knock. Your brain out, your hat when I cock that 
You can't block that it's just brain out, hat 
Stop that you ain't'bout that 
Send my lil' niggas, where ya house at 
Couple stacks and a couple packs put your dollar bill. Fingers in a mouse trap. 
Off that cause. We on one 
Can't come back like you stole somethin' 
Nigga might as well. Let me hold somethin' 
Before. I take that and your ho for frontin' 
Pull up like smoke, somethin' 
Zip of OG might roast somethin' 
Pop a bottle. Might toast somethin' 
Nigga keep hatin' I'mma, toast somethin' 
Whipping out that Black and Decker 
Putting lean in my Dr. Pepper, 
Chess shit and you playing checkers 
Hit ya, chest yell for help ya desperate 
Nigga talkin' that ho shit might ruck around get your throat split 
If! You don't know, shit better know this 
Fuck around hocus-pocus 
You, a focus, I'm a lotus, see the big
picture stay. Focused 
Your ho look atrocious! My bitches look ferocious 
Breakin' shit. You can't coast this 
You niggas talkin' about practice 
Roll around with that acid. If you don't know, start askin' 
Middle man be taxin' made a couple hundred kept stackin' 
Know it sound like I'm braggin', but a nigga do get them racks in 
I ain't got ta, say shit. Tell your bitch to suck my dick 
I ain't got. Ta, say shit. Tell your bitch
to suck my dick
 
