Attractin' Attention Lyrics
by Two Thirds Tan.


Put us together.
It's like Vodka &amp; Milk.
Put us together.
It's like mixing Vodka &amp; Milk.

I apply pressure like a post game.
So many fakes and fouls it's like a post game.
I feel like Kevin Ware.
My options are getting loose around here.
Just his buddy acting like it's weird.
Niggas know my name before I drop a LP.
But once it start drop they call you Josh Selby.
And I'm not trying to win the lottery.
Rich music boys club jeans fitting real wealthy.
The creole miss me.
Eli out here.
Everybody tryna catch me.
Match me.
Like they had less than I did.
Now I'm king of the hill.
Cause everybody else been flat-lined, kid.
Shit.
Changed my last name into eighty-five.
On the interstate so much I need a brake line.
I guess you heard about some wine through the grape vine.
Ain't mind span I been malignant ya'll can stay benign.
So how could it be ours.
I been in the car for ten minutes hopped in right after the shower.
For lunch I had money, respect, and power.
It goes good with some whiskey sour.
And some powder.
This for the people who heat seek not seek heat.
They vegetarian but only when it come to beef.
They been holding their breath like they staring at a coral reef.
And when they speak their peace.
All we get is a little piece.

All life's about is work man.
So everybody dropping out.
Stupid bitches bicker but they don't know what they be talking 'bout.
I ain't 'bout that drama that you bring about.
My homies got the word and they told me you got caught up south.
I'll murk you on wax and all your goons hold they mouth.
Cause I'm attractin' attention.
So on the bird get a mention.
I want some keys to a Bentley.
I'm loaded up like a semi.
So give me more like I'm Demi.
Please.
You got some beats you can send me.
I murder them conservative.
I get the flipping cause my burger's done.
How many times I tell you turds to run.
I'm waiting on my surge to come.
I'm chewy like some bubble gum.
I'm not smart you're just hella dumb.
If you got one you know I got seven of them.
So kid, keep bringing them beats.
Because you know I love them.

