Autumn Air Lyrics
by Voli.

These are the bad times, what happened to the good times.
What happened to the sunset that you said would rise again.
What happened to the promises we made to try again.
I guess we had our fingers crossed.

Its hard to let a good girl go.
But baby it would be foolish for me to think that this situation.
Is something that I could control.
I know I cheated.
Woman I know, I see it in your eyes I could read 'em.
And they readin' like the epilogue after the Last Chapter.
But you couldn't find the right way to say it like bad grammar.
Arguing over dishes, laundry and other business.
Ballin over those tissues, we glossin' over the issue baby.
Thought I could be what you needed when you said you forgave me.
Give you that picket fence, the ring, the kids, the Mercedes.
Thats what you wanted ain't it, stop walkin now face me.
We not talkin its crazy, don't ignore me I hate it.
At least if your angry at me I know you still care.
Why am I reaching for something as if its still there.
I wasn't faithful but how long should I be paying for it.
Forgiveness is on the menu and I be waiting on it.

No more Sunshine, No more summer breeze.
Before the cold, the Autumn is when she leaves.
When she leaves, we inevitably fall.
That Autumn Air makes her love me no more, she loves me no more.

Look, is it easier just to walk away and demonize me.
Honey you see my eyes, the reason we keep alive is written on my face.
Remember college, second semester finals.
Quizzing each other while we stripping each other for hours.
Freshman year was ours.
We were each others sugar but somewhere it went sour.
It broke my heart that you thought it was something that you did.
You weren't good enough, baby that's just stupid.
I don't know maybe it was the pressure.
Maybe I couldn't meet the expectations of your sister.
Mother, uncles, and aunts asking when we getting married.
Maybe I never felt I was good enough for your daddy.
Barely making good salary, how could we make a family.
Then reality sunk in, then the doubt in me snuck in.
Then that led to the night of me going out when I'm drunken.
Something was grindin on me then I don't remember nothing.

I can't believe I let a good girl go.
But once a good girl goes, she's gone forever.
Picture perfect we were drawn together.
Somehow, even though I saw the signs we were lost together.
But lets be honest you never really forgave me.
But I understand baby the jealousy made you crazy.
And then you just shut off, I couldn't find the on button.
I tried everything, I nearly lost my mind from it.
Man, you don't shit like that, you don't forgive me for my sins.
And take that shit right back.
You don't give me another chance as if this shit might last.
8 years behind us and we end just like that.
Damn, and now the winters so cold.
I wander like the man that could never go home.
Living in the memories of something we had.
Baby tell me, will the summer ever be back.

