Awesome Lyrics
by Ruse.

My name's Wyatt Chipman and I'm frickin awesome.
And yeah, I got a vision to be livin awesome.
I'll write a couple songs that are frickin awesome.
Maybe then, I could get a little buzz off em.

Say what? You're a balla? Like Sonjay Dutt?
You're all but, like Kim K. so keep up.
Your ball game just ain't workin out. The wait's up.
Time to make hits, home runs, like Babe was.
I'm not even in my prime. Kid, don't kill my vibe.
I wouldn't even be bad if I was villainized.
What's to say that hasn't been said? A million lines.
Lined up in my head. It's time for ill to be redefined.
And all I gotta do is fill this sheet of mine. Disagree?
You're like a blind driver, you just cannot see the signs.
Piledrive ya till your spine's redesigned cause ya said I lied.
When I said I'll make the cut, even if I cut it fine.
You bust a nut while I bust a rhyme.
Both only take a couple minutes. We're.
muggin time.
I'm sublime, how could ya hate this when.
Yall give rap as bad a name as Kanye did his kid, beast.

I'll leave em fallen like the leaves in Autumn.
They're speechless. Prolly in awe cause I'm freakin awesome.
Proceed with caution. If you're speakin out, better not be talkin down.
Cause I leave a beat slaughtered, playin possum in a coffin.
Uh! I'm dope, duh!
So much so, I leave straight edge kids doped up!
I'm gonna go nuts! The music on the radio sucks.
The flow is good but the lyrical substance is f***ed.
Ugh! I'll choke em with two chains.
I hope I invade their brains like Kuwait with Hussein.
And get under their skin like blue veins cause I rock.
Yall can get cold cocked. You're too vain.
Man, I don't even gotta try.
To please the masses cause I'm naturally talented. I.
Can outrap these faggots without battin an eye.
This isn't a track, it's a battle cry in disguise, beast.

I'm awesome. Out of this world, call me a martian.
Here to redeem rap, hip hop John Marston.
Shootin down those who take shots like marksmen.
I'm comin after em like a chaser, tell em.
Cartman.
Hella serious.
Yall act like to rap, somehow, I'm deleterious.
And that's delirious. If you think that at all.
How would you like to suck my balls?
I'm awesome. That's me.
This sickness'll spread way too fast for a vaccine.
Rapping to me is like caffiene.
Cause it makes me wanna get up and scream, man, I'm an MC!
Yall condemn me for, what, bein different?
You wouldn't know skill if I showed you the definition.
Wyatt Chipman, don't ya frickin knock him.
And I'm an open door if you got a f***in problem, beast.

