Back 2 Basics Lyrics
by Sway UK.


Let's bring it back to the basics.
Niggas better step it up, this is straight piff.
It's so immaculate, ain't it?
Niggas know it's more than rap, we've got Sway here.
Let's bring it back to the basics.
Niggas better step it up, this is straight piff.
It's so immaculate, ain't it?
Niggas know it's more than rap, we've got Sway here.

Back with Hollowman, this is the sequel.
It's your boy Sway, did you miss me, people?
They aimed, they sprayed, they missed me, people.
It's the oh-so-talented Mr Ripley, people.
It's still DCY, that's mine so.
They could never pimp me, people.
Thunder clouds, London town.
Welcome back to my city, people.
And we run this ting.
Forever, whenever, brudda, I'm on this ting.
Full of shenanigans, I'm pompous and arrogant.
Check out my stats, I accomplish things.
And I rep for the north, head for the north.
I'm not hard to find on a compass ting.
Geez, fellas, how we gonna fund this thing?
Put them on the corner like it's a Londis ting.
You ain't ready for me or them.
Or any other one of my accomplices.
Don't force my hand, might force my gang.
Ride in full-force and bump this ting.
We'll be coming at you looking like Monsters Inc.
Public, stand by and watch in sync.
I'm with bad guys that wash in sinks.
DJs no choice but to run this ting.
The black rap Simon Cowell.
What I mean by that? My time is now.
I'm a G, got the team I don't need.
I could already see my back, man, I'm an owl.
Rivals get rifles.
And writers like I get ?
This is for any rapper that's sitting on their high horse.
If you don't wanna fall, better start climbing down.

Let's bring it back to the basics.
Niggas better step it up, this is straight piff.
It's so immaculate, ain't it?
Niggas know it's more than rap, we've got Sway here.
Let's bring it back to the basics.
Niggas better step it up, this is straight piff.
It's so immaculate, ain't it?
Niggas know it's more than rap, we've got Sway here.

You ain't heard of me but you've never seen I?
That must mean you ain't never seen Sky.
That must mean you ain't got a TV.
I've got the atlas screaming for another CD.
I've got the rappers screaming they don't wanna see me.
Come back in the game and drop another EP.
Mixtape or album, compilation or single.
Just a jingle and they're forgotten, easy.
They don't want me to drop.
But the radio loves me, they want me for drops.
On the stage, people love me, they want me to drop.
Into the crowd, but they don't want me to drop.
HMV say they want me drop.
MCs don't cause they don't want to be dropped.
Ain't on my level? Better go and get a job.
? I hope you've got a CV.

