Back Up Off Me Lyrics
by U.N.L.V..


Shoot you in yo head makin' sure your dead 
Everybody's talkin' about the way that you bled 
But ain't, no rats around because the? U is in the clear 
So watch yo back mutherfucker cuz, I'm creepin' up on ya from the rear, 
 
 {, Tec-9, }, 
, 
I'm, sick of them mutherfuckers with that ho shit, 
Make, yo self known and stop talkin' from an distance. 
I. Remember back to this round 1992 
Some niggas called me up. Sayin' we startin' a group 
Yeah. I gave it a try, but I was in it to win it. 
Them niggas started somethin'. They could not finish 
Now. I got to move on so I signed with Cash Money 
Now. I got some niggas who want to look at me funny 
But yo, I ain't even gon na. Let them niggas step 
If. They start to rep, I'm gon na rep mutherfucker 

But. I ain't got nothin' to say since ya. Pissed me off 
It's best to get yo monkey ass out of my fuckin' way. 
A lot of people dislike me, but they don't understand 
They the one's who really made me. You can hate me forever: 
I'm makin' money from yo head. You can take this bounce 
To. Another level. Cash Money is in effect. If ya got a probelm 
Mutherfucker, it's yo self. You got to check. 
I represent that fuckin' uptown 
Through the circumstances and the difficulties in the rap game 
Niggas be comin' with ho shit, makin' it harder for next man, 
I'm takin', a stand. Mutherfuck the next nigga 
Because ya got a plan with no heart 
I'm, only down with them. Niggas, who was down with me from the 
Very start ya sayin' this ya sayin' that 
The actual fact ya only lookin' for a way out, 
So back up off me, 
 
Shoot, you in yo, head makin', sure your dead 
Everybody's talkin' about the way that you bled 
But ain't no rats around because Tec-9 is in the clear 
So watch: yo back mutherfucker cuz, I'm creepin' up on ya from the rear, 
 
, {, Lil', Ya, }, 
 
Damn, why they fuckin' with an nigga 
Ya, not on the map but yet makin' yo name, Bigger 
You and that ho shit, you know you don't mean it 
But if ya want some drama, won't ya, step to Ya, bitch, 
Ya, talkin', bad about a nigga bitch, get yo, mind right, 
Put, down yo guns and let's begin to fight 
Cuz, I'm a gangster and Ya know I'm true to the game 
Test, my nuts anyway, to see if I'm lame, 
I got muscle, comin', strong, gee 
Tellin', this o'l mark ass, gangstas 
To back up off me, 
 
Shoot, you in yo, head makin', sure your dead 
Everybody's talkin' about the way that You bled 
But ain't, no rats around, because Lil' Ya is in the clear 
So watch: yo back nigga cuz, I'm creepin' up on ya from the rear, 
 
, {, Yella Boy, }, 
 
Now a days I'm comin' round. But it's cool ya, see 
Still a ho ass mutherfuker, better act, ya, like ya, know, fool 
Ya, better step correct, because I'm gon na put yo ass in check. 
Comin' stompin' out the third. You, the? U is in effect 
Nigga. I still thought niggas livin' violent kimo by by my side, 
If ya ever slip. My pass that mean yo ass want to die. 
I'M tellin' you like this cuz yall, niggas makin' me pissed, 
Ya fuckin', with the Cash Money ya gon na get yo. Damn head split. 
Jealous bitches here boo-koo jealous bitches, there 
My nigga Lil' Slim, say shake yo ass up in a minute 
Bitch. I started off strong. I bet ten, that's how finish 
What kind of nigga try'na go for his bitches, be try'na. Stop me 
All upset. They need to find them some dick 
But, I'm gon na. Let the fuckin' pressure grow. 
Suckin' makin' me strong slippin'. With that ho shit, 
Don't ya know. I got pussy c'mon to me bitches on my 
Dick, and that is that B-32 and Suga Fingers keepin' things tight. 
That'S an fact I got the six and b mob by my side. 
So watch yo back here come an mutherfuckin' drive by 
Loadin' the gat's. We got to be strapped packin'. The gat's 
Can't get trapped, steppin' hoes checkin' a nigga with my bozack 
Why. I got to keep on tellin' you not to battle me. 
When ya, know one thing that you can never pay me back. 
So bitch get off me: 
 
Shoot, you in yo, head makin', sure your dead 
Everybody's talkin' about the way that you bled 
But ain't. No rats around because Yella boy is in the clear 
So watch: yo back mutherfucker cuz, I'm creepin' up on ya from the rear, 
 
Shoot you in yo, head makin', sure your dead 
Everybody's talkin' about the way that you bled 
But ain't, no rats around because the? U is in the clear 
So watch yo back mutherfucker cuz, I'm creepin' up on ya from the rear, 
 
The. U is for Uptown Uptown 
The N is for Niggas Niggas 
The L is For Livin' Livin' 
The V is for Violent, still fuckin' Violent 
 
The. U is for Uptown Uptown 
The N is for Niggas Niggas 
The L is For Livin' Livin' 
The V is for Violent, still fuckin' Violent
 
