Ball Lyrics
by Z-Mane.


Ok we fresh up in this thang flexin' in this thang 
Polo down to our feet, dressed to impress up in this thang 
Ballin' outta control. Nigga, we on a roll 
 Wan na come chill wit us shawty, You gots to pay the toll. 
Now lil mama's booty got ta nigga like wow 
She, shakin' it so fast. All I'm able to do is smile, 
Shawty be gettin down. Man I just might have to pound 
Yeah. She already know. What'S going down in D-Town, 
Now lil mama said that she down to cut 
Me and my niggas is too so. If you down whassup 
See, I'm a young balla and he's a young balla 
You put us both together. It'S gon' be on and poppin' 
 
This club. So packed these hoes, so drunk
 
I got ta model got ta bottle, got ta party 
and, we bout to ball, 
Ball 
I got ta model, got ta bottle, got ta party and we bout to ball. 
 
Girl! You look good. Won'T you back that thang up 
Cause! A nigga like Z, wan na smack that thang up 
Do it for OKC doin' it for the D 
Do it for the Royalty, and I do it for me 
Ok now, ballin' is a hobby. These niggas can't stop me. 
We military minded just ask Mr. Trotman 
Watch me every single summer, man, I drop heat 
If. You don't know what time it is just look where the clock be 
Ok. It'S Royalty Gang'til, I'm dead and gone 
You. Other niggas sit back and eat your kettle: corn 
Yeah. We ball till we fall nigga. We so raw 
Shawty act right. You might take one to the jaw, 
 
Armyboy Talking, 
Yeah, Z, 
We ball, or what 
Let me tell them about it. Real quick, 
 
Hold up hold up my flow ain't. Generic 
Hold up hold up. I see them all. Starin' 
Hold up hold up. They know I'm so rare 
And. If that girl got ta problem, I'm a solve her like Erin 
Yeah. We in it, though, in it, though 
Army is a criminal 
I'm, killing all these beats, and then I tell yo girl get physical 
She with it, though I'm all in Royal
City, steady, ballin, 
Yo, rhymes. So foul me, I'm doin' this right now, 
Kill em, all like pow pow, better, throw in
that towel now 
And this club. We light it up. They can't seem to get enough. 
Its me, n Z. We ok, I'm talkin' status and where I stay 
Since it began. I had the crown like
burnin' buildings: it's goin down, 
 
Oh, kimosabi, big ballin' is my hobby 
 
Now. Let me see you drop it low. Like Ester Dean 
If, I ain't seein', nothing! Shakin'! You ain't seein', the green 
Now gon' pop it for Army gon' pop it for Z, 
Gon' pop it for the whole crew, then bring it back over to me 
Headin' to the east side. That'S where Sulphur's at 
Me and my dogs yeah. We chasin' for some Sulphur cats 
Watch them girls get down on the flo' on the flo' 
Do it like some real money. Makin' pros, you know: 
Ok, we ballin, like Durant, LeBron, Kobe and Rose 
Everybody, got their cameras out time to make a pose 
Put it on Instagram yeah. We doin' it big 
All we ever do is ball yeah. You know what it is: 
 
