Bang With Us? Lyrics
by Akala.


We've been on this ting for so long now.

10 years at the top of my craft.
Maybe not at the top of the charts.
But who could tell me what independent touring the globe.
And flows as cold as winter was in hand me down clothes.
Live shows of the chain Toussaint.
Seems I was born to be what you ain't.
A man that uses his art to fight.
But still prospers in these hard times.
So what's to hate when you're known around the globe, it's great.
And their known around the globe, it's fake.
With respect so high that.
Let's you in a jail full of lifers.
A man sit in silence, try that.
You can't buy that, nah bruv, I'm that.
Not because I'm a killer but because I'm a mayan black.
Cause contrary to the rumours.
Our community is not a bunch of delinquents, we are students.
But don't respect the system made by the killers.
That want to paint us as the villains.
Back to the spittin'.
Listen, who's really my competition?
Really? Is there somethin' that I'm missin'?
These kids are kittens fighting with a pitbull.
Careful my brother you'll get your shit pulled.

Who can bang with us? None.
Who will stand with us? Come.
Who's still doubting us? Dumb.
We've been on this ting for so long now.
You can't bang with us, none.
You won't stand with us, son.
You still doubting us, dumb.
We've been on this ting for so long now.

I got man puzzled like I don't get it.
How is he still so road with so much message.
Don't diss the sisters, celebrate killing other blacks.
But still so fuckin' hard when he raps.
I give you a tip, swag through the roof.
It's no excuse to be boring cause you tell the truth.
When it's said and done, I'm still the same as when I started.
Ain't having a bar for none of these artists.
That not giving a fuck gives me strength.
Now I don't use it on us, use it on them.
But defend what I have to.
Sit down Matthew.
Just one if my disciples, take notes.
This is not music, this here is a sport.
Who's ready for the ring ring fire?
You man are wetter than man's hair in Shoreditch.
I think it's time to retire, heir.

It's the father, you can call me uncle Akala.
What's the palava with Ghana.
Fans here to Ghana, globe, every corner.
Punish every punk that is posing the hardest.
Told you we tarnish those that are garbage.
Get left for dead for opposing the carnage.
So who's next, who's the best of me clones?
Take out a town like Obama with the drones.
Known for the poems that scorch gin, poor ting.
Properly focus, 12 year old girls gassed at your king.
But we are grown men so only grown women.
And real hip hop heads, we care for their opinion.
Beware in my dominion.
I swear that your Brazilian.
The way you got brutalised within your own kingdom.
By this German efficiency, without the bigotry.
Harder than life as a black man in Italy.

