Bastard Lyrics
by Ruthless Bastards.

Ruthless Bastards, 
 
Check it these cold days, got me in a physical rage 
Walking through the dark path. In this invisible maze, 
My individual is criminal, but lyrical plays 
A big part in my life. In this critical state 
Apocolypse twist up the bamboo 
Swine life, I can't handle 
Cock the mack candle pop the Jack Daniels 
Im, a shine like candles in a blackout, 
Your guaranteed to fall before the last bout. 
Fuckin wit Ruthless. You assed out 
The size of these guns. A make you pass out, 
Im like hollow tips. The way I blast out, 
Its all revolving too much problems, no solving 
Ask me what Im involved in Im a say: robbin and mobbin 
Im runnin, this shit, nigga joggin 
No, thanks for livin on Thanksgiving Im, still starvin 
 
Yo Im, not new to this Im. True to this 
What you gon na do to lips 
Man. If I tell you one more time, Ive been doin, this mound! U loopbp, 
Ruthless be wettin. These clowns up 
Yo partner turn that sound up 

And this one new on the block, just like a rookie 
Frontin like he hard dunn, he mustve ate some thug cookies 
No evidence plus I heard his clique be on that tellin shit 
You. Let him sell a bit so bustin hims, irrelevant 
Just get these presidents, the reallest thing. Man lust 
Once the papers in my hand its like. I got a roush 
Ain't, gainin trust cause man. I ain't tryina get bust 
Run for cover, pull a trigger watch. Em. All turn to dust 
A ribbon in the sky, I watched his mom dukes cry: 
Too bad. Her son had to die for startin up the two four five 
Guns never lie chains like slaves go, but heavy 
Down in my belly. Attatched to my waist is a celly 
For, plannin funerals and gettin niggas buried 
I wan na lead this life, but I can hear it callin me like R. Kelly, 
 
Shoeless shine like sunny days, 
My style on the loose like runaways 
Its crazed in the battle get You open, like a bag of purple haze, 
When hell get fucked up, 
Can't hang slow. The fuck up. I represent Staten 
Push, my buttons. You get stuck up. 
I love, thick bitches, so ooh keep your ass. Shakin 
I be money makin In nive. Seven. I, like em, taken 
Fuck fakin, wilden and breaken in the club gettin my groove on 
The gat in my Tims just incase. You wan na move on 
Been off the Bacardi to Moe 
Slayin, this chick off that keeps sweatin my body, so 
 
Sagoddi swingin, tux wit, wallys 
Yall, niggas, dont wan na. Try me 
For them presidents. By now Ill leave you dead, 
Filled up wit, hot, lead, hollow heads for you, thug breds 
Its, the righteous life is trifeless challenges and sacrifices 
Ruthless cause we flip tracks pack gats, and give slices 
A poor heistess. You think your nice now meet the nicest 
Son. A actress stick him like a cactus bouce like a matress, 
Teflon fatigues. If you try to wack this 
You ain't know, it was cold on these streets, 
Only time its warm dunn. When I got the heat 
Drag, my knicks and five eights, I need a gimick to compete. 
Triggas, Im, squeazin em at the crossroad Im leavin em 
They got the guard locked. I got knocked so I could be wit them 
 
Attack wit tactics, thats, fantastic, that for realah 
Throw me cuts to chop the beat wit, your five claws. 
Create tracks that blow the hinges off the doors 
Thats. All I can stands and I can't stands. No more 
Whirlwind mind spins off Seagrams gin, 
Started, all over and dont know where to begin. 
Extreme measures got my thoughts on gettin pleasure. 
These cats know that I clap holes through they leather 
Statens sick, and we can't get no better 
Police trap. We get away too clever. 
Lyrics jotted down on paper causes terror- 
Ism, now im gone hit: em 
Give em. What we been givin, em thats, the rythem 
Staight up all you crab niggas sleepin need to wake up 
Im like peroxide cause. I stay bubblin in the cut 
Nigga. Please, Im thirsty for this cheese. 
I run up in your lab and make your anti freeze 
Its, like that from the Stat where I live at 
The. Bees are snakes and they just feed off the fuckin rats. 
 
All 
If. Im a bastard, then your a bastard 
Everybodys, a bastard 
Get, the gats cause shit is drastic 
x5
 
