Bastards Lyrics
by Ruthless Bastards.


Check it these cold days got me in a physical rage 
Walking through the dark path of this invisible maze. 
My individual is criminal, but lyrically plays 
A big part in my life. In this critical stage, 
Apocalypse twist up the bamboo 
This wild life, I can't handle 
Cock the MAC handle pop the Jack Daniel 
I'm, a shine like candles in a blackout 
You guaranteed to fall before the last bout 
Fuckin' with Ruthless. You assed out 
The size of these guns'll make you pass out 
I'm like hollow tips. The way I blast out, 
It's all revolving too much problems. No solving 
Ask me what I'm involved in I'mma say: robbin' and mobbin' 
I run this shit nigga joggin' 
No, thanks for livin' on Thanksgiving, I'm still starvin', 
 
Yo, I'm not new to this! I'M true to this 
What you gon na do to lips 
Man. If I tell you one more time, I've been doin', this 
Mount up Ruthless, be wettin'. These clowns up 

And this one he's new on the block. Just like a rookie 
Frontin' like he hard dun, he musta ate some thug cookies 
No evidence plus I heard his clique be on that tellin' shit 
You. Let him sell again so bustin' him's, irrelevant 
Just get these presidents, the realest thing man lust 
Once the papers. In my hand, it's like, I got a royal flush, 
Ain't gainin' trust cause man. I ain't tryin' get bust 
Run for cover pull a trigger. Watch'Em all turn to dust 
A ribbon in the sky. I watched his mom dukes cry, 
Too bad. Her son had to die for startin' up the two-four-five. 
Guns, never lie chains like slaves go, but heavy 
Down near my belly. Attached to my waist is a celly 
For, plannin' funerals and gettin' niggas buried 
I wan na leave this life, but I can hear it callin' me, like R. Kelly, 
 
Shoeless shine like sunny days, 
My style on the loose like runaways 
It's crazed in the battle get You open, like a bag of purple haze, 
Inhale get fucked up, 
Can't hang slow. The fuck up. I represent Staten 
Push, my buttons. You get stuck up. 
I love, thick bitches, so boo keep your ass. Shakin' 
I be money makin' in nive-seven I like'em taken 
Fuck fakin' wild'n and breakin' 
In, the club gettin', my groove on 
The gat in my Timbs, just in case you wan na move on 
Been off the Bacardi to Moe 
Slayin', this chick off that Keith, Sweat, 
 
Shaigotti swingin' tux wit, Wallys 
Y'all niggas, don't wan na. Try me 
For them. Presidents partner, I'll leave you dead, 
Filled up with hot lead, hollow heads for your thoroughbreds 
It's, the righteous lifeless trifeless 
Challengers are sacrifices, 
Ruthless cause. We flip tracks pack, gats and give slices 
And pull heists'. You think your nice now meet the nicest 
Son a actress. Stick him like a cactus bounce like a mattress, 
Teflon fatigues. If you try to wack this 
You ain't know, it was cold on these streets. 
Only time its warm dun, when I got the heat 
Grab, my knicks and five-eights, I need a gimmick to compete. 
Triggers, I'm squeazin''em 
