Battle Tested Freestyle Lyrics
by Wrekonize.

November 22nd 2013 battle tested, 
I dropped, so many projects this year 
I should sign a lease agreement for that spot. In your ear. 
I am now that voice inside of your head, so raspy 
Tellin' you to reach for the sky. They can't grasp me 
But. I am still speakin''bout a decade plus 
They wanted me swept under the rug, so I won't get paid much 
They wanted me broke down, so clown 
I would've thrown out my crown 
Before. I even got a chance to rock it. I think they know now. 
This ain't. No flute flingin' gimmick, trend-rider 
It hadn't been liver than the pussy insiders, 
We blend the poppin', so hip-rock n roll 
And. If you two sip with a fat-on, I ‘spose you got ta go 
It started back when I was battling cats at pack 
And every Saturday. I'D have to travel some miles on the map: 
From Hollywood to Kendell, Kendell and back again, 
I'd study up with H and bland serum and I'd rap with gin, 
Me and borabis, and my broke-down Honda, 
Sippin' long-islands and a lofty cloud of marijuana 
I wan na make It honour national show when I'm a 
Leave out this bitch with honours. 
I know you see me mama 
It was all a dream. It'S so surreal, now 
A bunch of rappers tryin' to tear down the clear, sound 
Shout out to mindshift J-pure manoeuvres to 
Miami in the 90s was a jungle. We'D manoeuvre through 
This is from parable shakespear Johnny five 
Logics a thousand thoughts minus-ing, those not alive. 
Spawn live chaos on it when the beat play 
Then misusing all the DJs that try by twelve on replay 
I went to MTV to battle strong for all of y'all 
And. The effect it had on me. Ain'T really hard to call 
Peace to sworn on blind fury by us, Rob-G 
KCs, who mic the menace night life and who me 
I'm the mayday spitter livin' out the block 
Livin' inside a world today, where many styles are not free, 
Instead of getting' props. They bring props to battle with 
I still love. It, though the beat the skill, the ratchet shit 
Inside, my heart, I'm still a gladiator 
Who turns his back upon ceaser and walks out in a mask of vapours. 
And loves the smell of blood risin' from the sneaker soles 
And keeps a demon underneath him just to keep him cold. 
In this world you either strike fast or strike out 
This whole world's a bout I'm tryin' to climb out 
Whether. It'S MCs or labels, envy or fables 
You keep your head above them sinkin' halos 
Shit. I see enemies, lurkin' behind the candelabra 
Ghostin' it at random. I'M phantom of the opera 
Twisted in tandom and damaging' all my lavish chakras 
Well. What the fuck are. We doin' here on the planet, mobster 
Years later I'm just tryin' to survive, 
And bring the music to the people. It goes up in my mind. 
I know. I'M thirty now, but that don't mean nothin' to mine 
Truthfully. I think I've entered my prime 
 
And to my new fam. I got ridin' with snake ‘n' bat pieces 
I'm trying to be that genius with the rap thesis 
I'm trying to smash that CD, like its half freezing 
This year ain't even over yet and we've been vast scheming, 
Signin' off the rap contestant, with bad intensions. 
Out of tension, bitin' tongues to keep from sad investments, 
You got ta, come to rattle fences in this mad dimension, 
Cause to survive. It'S on right that you be battle, tested, 
, 
