Bax War Lyrics
by Swollen Members.


They tried to spread like a disease, I'm here to vaccinate.
I chop you into bunch of pieces with an axe's blade.
Motherfucka, I'm an asshole.
I got a cracked soul, fallin' in a black hole.
I was homeless, used to sleep on fuckin' cardboard.
Now I jump around the planet like it's parkour.
Next tattoo on my body should say Hard Luck.
Feel like I'm starin' out a window that is barred up.
And motherfucka, I am hard up.
Talk your fuckin' ear off like a Christian in a Starbucks.
Mad Child stay fierce, I am very vicious.
I'm the leader of the cult without the Hare Krishna's.
Small dude, everything I do is gigantic.
I got the world in my hand, this is my planet.
They say it can't be done, I'm like, Why can't it?
I'm the next Tech N9ne , you're the Titanic.
I'm from the BAX WAR fam,.
black metal, ma.
I'm a rapper, I refuse to fuckin' get a job.
Makin' somethin' out of nothin' like the Mafia.
These rappers couldn't see me wearin' glasses with binoculars.

This is definitive fear unlimited, living inside of a rap war.
So backup and get backed up and then smacked up, BAX WAR!
Inconsiderate idiots living inside of a city of rap war.
Call backup and get chapped up, attack mode, BAX WAR!

I consume power and those who least expect it.
The prisoners doom, make room for the new record.
True wreckin' ball, speech patterns takin' buildings down.
Two emcees, one producer, sure to make your feelings drown.
Underwater slaughter, no oxygen in right lung.
Lost inside a time void, accosted when the night comes.
Never fight the drums, they're bangin' out the speaker box.
Colder than a solstice, hotter than a equinox.
Fails four seasons, orchestrated like Vivaldi.
I demonstrate and concentrate the strength of Swollen Army.
So many heavy hitters, deadly spitters, rap assassins.
Waitin' to attack until it's divvied up in rations.
Cause that's when the stats'll stop dumpin' in abundance.
We smash out them dagger mouths that battle my circumference.
The circle grows stronger, much better when we're unified.
War money, your money, you're bloody, do or die.

I'm the misguided angel from the BAX WAR.
You're a crack whore by the back door.
I'm gettin' old, dinosaur, I'm a raptor.
I'm the little white Hulk, he's the black Thor.
I bury the past with various tasks.
And carry an axe, reflection is as scary as mass.
My chariot's passed, still I bleed external torment.
My group is flyin' while you're crying, lying dormant.
I'm the leader of a cult, but we're not the Mormons.
But I walk on water like a fuckin' longshoreman.
I still got poison in my veins.
Paint our faces up like skulls, yeah, my boys are fuckin' strange.
Mad Child, I stay colossal in the Colosseum.
That's cause I'm awesome, you're a fossil in a small museum.
I'm Colossus, made of steel, super human strength.
My partner Juggernaut, you fuckers ain't gon' leave a dent.

