Be Like Me Lyrics
by Swifty McVay.


You don't wanna be like me!
You ain't nothing like me, you niggas'll get stuck with a Nike.
Precisely.
Fuck your life!
You don't wanna be like me!
You ain't nothing like me, you niggas'll get stuck with a Nike.
Precisely.

I ain't cocky at all.
Ain't even that tall.
Got balls big as jaws.
They gripped it all pause.
Bitch I got dawgs, that lost they nerves.
And they feed, I roll with a breed that's unheard of.
I see you got a pistol, but I got an issue.
I wish you pull it, so I can use that shit against you.
Wanna avange who? He's your brother?
You a bitch, I thought that I killed that motherfucker.
Give him back his contract money.
Cause suckers I can do him for free.
I'm a bomb, actually.
I don't mind slapping a mac milli across your mom.
And they ain't gotta give me a dime.
Genetically inclined to eat whatever hyenas be finding.
And I clean it as hired by my boss, retiredly.
That means I do it, cause I do it.
I want it to grow, and go as I say so.
Until I'm through with it.

700 and 6 kilos.
You one day for you gon make me build some hell of a bakery.
And don't mistaken for an artist with a label that's snakin' me.
And I just started murdering agency.
I learned everything from A to Z.
Corrupt mentally.
THC and Hennesey is what my dennem be.
Doing crime without thinking about the penalty.
Then I'm daydreaming in court on where the women be.
I'm a monster, plus I'm causing a beef constant.
I crack your back more exact than chiropractor.
Nigga! You at shows doing your biggest.
You'll be popping your rubberbands.
Wrapped around your ?????
You an individual, what a miserable way.
Of living, you scared of have what a nigga givin'.
Motherfucker! I give you out the puncture.
Without needles I use swords, you're allowing the Lord.
You gets nothing less with a silencer to your vocal cord.
Dumping your body by the ocean, ain't nothing corded for.
You wanna walk in my foot steps and getting deft.
On how your family ain't escaping my death, motherfucker!

