Beatdown Lyrics
by Virtuoso.

Virtuoso 
Yo, I be attestin' bad. You soon discover I'm the best around 
Virtuoso omnipotent medulla rule the extra crowds 
Step in battles. Weapon-Rals, give ya chest a pound, 
'til ya. Breast is ground meat, 
Pharaohs Army, sound fleet, 
Snatch, ahold of half ya soul, make casserole 
Crack a pole on ya back and roll you in the blackest hole. 
The winter brewed enter nude, Amazonian jungle, warfare, 
Silver back guerilla, I'm covered in more hair 
Than four chairs. In a barber shop 
Vocals hard as rocks and the beat's on smash, 
Make ya veto, jigga, weak foe, 
Cause, my machete unique flow fuckin' beat yo ass 
I got the key to sense or hear a deer sharp as fox 
Sound as when carver chop galaxies and stars'll Drop 
You know Virt run with ogres who throw dirt 
Stomp ya, ass'til ya: bones squirt like yogurt 
, 
T-Ruckus, 
Aiyyo, rush, extreme pervert, I'm undercover covert, 
You need to put in work and get ya games out my face 
Let the flames in the place you fuckin' wid Ruck'S, a fatal move, 
You stand in disgrace, yo my brain's in outerspace 
Taste, the toxic improved reflexes like shadowboxin' 
Sternum, crack extreme force applied to ya back 
Pick ya, torture. That'S the rack, 
I'll scortch ya, with the lift 
And word style. I clash like with full clips. 
Guerilla war, I killed ya core 
Atilla. The Hun don't want none 
I'' bash, your fuckin' head into the floor, 
Spittin' shots through ya door and kick that bitch down 
From the bowel, where Ruck throws the mic to the ground: 
In discussin' Ruck. You trust word to us. 
You spittin' the shit we flush time to bust 
And crack the earth's crust with one thrust 
Nasty as shit toxic. The hazardous analyst 
 
I got it locked from the 2-1 pound to beantown 
From Philly to Boston. We tossin' cats to the ground 
Then. Some clown jumps up to get beatdown 
Virtuoso T-Ruckus Jedi Mind for the crown 
I got it locked from the 2-1 pound to beantown 
We cats that speak growls to blast ya, weak, sound 
Then. Some clown jumps up to get beatdown 
Big Virt Ruckus Jedi bring the beatdown 
 
Vinnie Paz, a.k.a Ikon 
Prepare for the blitzkrieg ya wrist
bleed into six seas. 
Ya veinless, my stainless, will split. Trees. 
The fist need to smash through the brain 
Soul of the chauvanist cast into the flame 
You'll come to learn that my flesh is unslashable 
You, damn coward ya. Man power is laughable, ya, chest blastable, 
The chaplain'll smash you in the adam's apple 
For, not doin'. What'S asked of you 
That's, the last of you, I'm a sick
bastard 
I spit gases and split rappers wid pick axes. 
From Illadelph Shambala to Los Angeles 
Rappers, are mummified from the number of bandages that I inflicted
 
With guillotine swiftness 
We mean vicious and fiends can get they spleen, shifted, 
, 
Jus, Allah, a.k.a, Megatron, 
Jus, Allah and Vinnie Paz leave ya
flags raised at half mast, 
Let the fuck Off wid less crimes than fuckin' cats, 
The wrath leavin' you outside and jacked 
Then. We drop more shells than pregnant crabs. 
The Glock make motherfuckas bow down in hell, 
You opened immediate, like priority
mail 
That's, my dog and I clean up after his tail 
So. The evidence can't pin the god in jail 
Leavin', you peeled buried in an underground cell 
While, your family still hopin' you alive and well 
Call. The Reaper tell him. I got lives for sale. 
I'M paid for each motherfucka supplied to hell 
I can tell y'all can provide work for me. 
Motherfucka like Hercules versus Freddy Mercury 
Virtuoso pass the blunt 
And. Let Megatron smoke these trees down to stumps 
 
