Beautiful Romance Lyrics
by A.Belief.


Beautiful Romance Mary, she pole dance, 
Ask bout, the future. She tell you she got no plans 
But moving away from these niggas that got no bands. 
She, say I'm interesting, her nigga, so bland 
If, you knew better you'd do better 
But. I never save em. I just replace em and do better 
It's niggas DL. You know about them. Two letters 
That can change your entire coexistence forever, 
And ever ever and ever ever 
Its still in question. What was Martin King without Coretta 
Just, a nigga, w a dream, and so it seems 
With nobody to hold it down, he'd, be just like me, 
Now, let it be 
I mean, of course, I prophecized to monopolize 
But the devil sure, as hell didn't put the bops Aside 
I found the right one except she not, though 
Oh yeah I seen her today. She never hug me close 
Fruit of confusion, I'm trapped in the illusion 
That. I still got potential and time 
Fruit of confusion, I'm trapped in the illusion, 
That. We still got potential and time 
I need it right now. 
I got vision, never blind, but somehow I let my sight down. 
Plus ignorance is a bliss. My nigga pipe down 
Don't make another sound 
 
I profess that I confess 
Give me the loot. You can keep the stress 
I profess that I confess 
I know I'm a dark child, but I do it. The best 
 
Staring at greatness, feel like I ain't, though 
Shine the light on God's Darkest Angel, 
That nigga Michael led a war in heaven, 
Eternal Presence man. We prolly do a tour in heaven 
Got her head on my chest. She, like 4'11 
Devilish to my heart, I'm the newest legend, 
Using 20 percent of my brain as a nudist section, 
Plus, I'm yelling back self when they ask who you reppin 
Nigga. Nobody got me. I got me 
I been thinking innovative, I'm the one they copy 

But. I guess these niggas got ta eat right, autotrophy, 
So, much drive a cop, wouldn't even try to stop me 
Even. If they did I'm a man, nigga can't call for mommy. 
That 96 got my niggas in a disarray. 
They ask where you going Belief: Nigga, this-a-way, 
, 
I profess that I confess 
Give me, the loot. You can keep the stress 
I profess that I confess 
I know I'm a dark child, but I do it. The best 
 
Looking for love in the wrong places 
Searching for truth in the wrong eyes, 
Falling victim to the wrong, lies 
Hands down. I'M killing these niggas, all jokes aside
 
