Behind Barz Lyrics
by Yungen.

They say they wanted pain, they want it lyrically.
I been through pain mentally and physically.
Remember everyday me and Sam would link up.
Now he's behind bars literally.
Now he's behind bars looking at a bird.
Rocking on the wing, gonna have to do a third.
Burns me to have to watch my dawg do a sentence.
But I'm here when he lands, he's got my word.
Thinking 'bout the days when bricks were phones.
Youth club, me, stiff, rick and tones.
As a yout' man everything was sticks and stones.
10 years later it's all sticks and stones.
So how can I be genuine.
I fall for someone with a whole load of skeletons.
Forgive me girl if I just wanna bone.
You tryna get a baby crib, I just want a home.
My mum would lie about not having paper.
But she was smoking trees in Jamaica.
My big sister famous but I hate her.
How could you leave your little brother on his face ah.
Living life while I was struggling to live.
We grew up together but now your struggling to give.
No shit, you ain't even my sister actually.
Cause that just showed me blood don't make you family.
I couldn't give a fuck about reputation.
Gotta see it to believe, fuck speculation.
I just wanna get my family out the hood.
And I'd die for that, that's dedication.
In this fast lane, tryna make this car start.
There's someone just like you, if you're a half-heart.
We hustle hard, tryna bring maths to music.
I just pray that I can make a bar chart.
Never took drugs, never got buzzing.
I was trapping in the golf, man I wasn't clubbing.
I used to think about death, now I don't fear nothing.
But deaths the only thing you won't hear coming.
Nightmares every night I'm on Elm Street.
On the roadside, hear about jail beef.
2012 man, it's really rapping bitches.
But I ain't tryna get caught up in girl beef.
Uh chicks come and go.
Nah literally, chicks come and go.
Instead of being stressed I'm working hard getting dough.
No more hugs, no more kisses cause my ex was a ho.
Lost family, lost a best friend.
Repping for a dead ends, when it's a dead end.
Everybodies looking fame, tryna set trends.
Yout's are even dying in West End.
For the worse man, a block can change your life.
Deal or no deal, a box can change your life.
You feel you're getting left, only you can make it right.
Still screaming sky's the limit, man you can take the flight.
Or you can stay on these bait roads.
Me and Krept and Kone are on our way to stage shows.
Them man fit in, we're the outfit.
I do whatever suits me, case closed.

