Being A Man Lyrics
by Uniq Mic.


Being a man ain't simple, even to a man.
Lemmi explain, lemmi tell you 'bout Jermaine.
From friends he heard, you ain't a man till you hit it plain.
Raw as WWE he did it then.
A month passes, the girl misses a period.
Ain't talking classes, nah, her body malfunctioned.
All coz Jermaine wanted to be mentioned.
As a man, but now then he questioned.
Would he make it as a father in this world.
Or should he suicide while praying to his God.
To be accepted, for him life was cold.
Finally he took his life, I was so appalled.
When I heard the news I was like damn he gone.
You mean no more shall we see his fresh and bone.
I never criticized, never threw the first stone.
All I said was, damn, he should have known.

Being a man.
What ended his life?
You should be a man.
Being a man.

Lemmi tell you what I think being a man is.
Firstly, never hit your lady and I ain't talking sex.
I mean beating her up and not even paying the hospital bills.
Loving your child and not leaving him at six.
You ain't a man if you answer nature but never answer God when he calls.
Why you living? He's the cause.
Fourthly, you might look back but forever move forward.
Coz we all have a dream and mine is living abroad.
And remember a true man never forces his way.
So dont you ever do it if she says no way.
Cause the lady is not always but mostly right.
Believe me ait, but still you can do what you want.
The best you can ever do, is make mom proud.
Make her say dats child sayin' it loud.
Lastly, ladies you gotta think like a man.
Dats your only chance of being a man.

Does it look that simple?

always gotta be an example.

got a life that others sample.

gotta move slow, watch his tempo.

Gotta take actions that others will aspire.
Make a legacy that will never expire.
But as you do, don't forget to take the Lord higher.
Never back down, dont stop, keep on being you.
Coz when you make it, your niggas make it too.
Gotta stay focused, ah, like a camera man.
In every situation stick to your plan.
Keep peace with your words and not with your gun.
And that reminds me, lemmi tell you 'bout this fool.
He took the coochie  but never did he clean the jar.
Nine months later a child is born and he's far.
He wasn't a man, he was a coward: uncool.
He went to different places and did the same.
In the end what you expect? He died of AIDS.
He was an animal, he was so hard to tame.
So away he passed, and I ain't talking grades.

