Better Things Lyrics
by Wrekonize.


Ok year 2002 
18 wondering what the fuck I'm gon' do: 
Witty Pretty potent with the modern machinations 
An. I ain't really getting help with college applications. 
Shit I like to rhyme and I won a battle or two 
Down at the PAC with the crew. The kid from broward can duel 
Yeah. He got a few filler lines 
By. Now that flip it up thing, he's probably used like a million times
 
But he's got punches and
energy to swing through the enemy assumptions. 
Shit Now he's going national Times Square face off 
Beat the competition for the cage match, pay off, 
25k shit, I'm still a teenager 
And. Everything around now starts to seem major 
Work on your album young Wrek 
Shelved. Before I wrapped what the fuck could I expect 
I took it with a smile I'll
be in the waiting room 
Cause. I'M waiting for the luck, though, to go for the gusto 
Sharpening my tools in a pool full of pride 
Where you pull or you die cause. It'S true suicide 
When. You beat yourself up to be polite right, 
Trying, to get up in the bright lights like 
Trying, to find a spot on a throne where there's seven kings 
Sometimes, it's kinda hard, trying to find the better things. 
 
We get up every day for the chase. 
Wait lem me see. What'S at stake, 
Make dollars just to live, make dollars out of habit, 
It's all subconscious. We all stack addicts 
We get up every day for the chase. 
Wait lem me see. What'S at stake, 
They, say money: isn't everything 
But, I'm sure the more you have makes for some better things. 
Better things will come along 
Better things will come 
 
Running in place with bad habits 
Back before the cynics were reading into your status. 
Update, I'm just here. Feeling
Like, a savage 
Eating all this madness in a marriage for the maggots 
Remember back when we used to spit in any circle any parking lot we backed in
 
Them was Illiterat daze, with
our, riddle, rap ways, 
G and H taught me how to sit and chisel stack phrase. 
I dreamt about syllables and multis, not residuals and trophies 
And. Here I am doing what I said. I'D probably never do 
Feeling weathered can be terrible. 
I know the paper can deface ya if ya take it as your savior 
See. This is written in its nature. 
But I'mma take ya to a place where you only hear the heavens sing
 
Sometimes, it's kinda hard, trying to find the better things. 
 
