Birthday Suit Lyrics
by Switch Floz.


This for all my girls celebrating pop it like a bottle, keep that booty
twerking 
And I'm gone. Pin this money across your chest girl! It'S your birthday, 
Get naked! If you want to show some titties girl, 
Now pop that tootsie roll in a circle, while your friends scream get it girl, 
They came out to get noddy sipping on goose and Bacardi 
Got a bday gift. We can both unwrap in the back. It'S a mag extra larggy 
But. Please do not bring your shorty ugly hoes fuck up the party 
Tell her suck, my dick, they not invited 
I told her to get it, get it low low split it split it. Oh whoa 
Baby look good from her stylish hair to her manicure toes oh 
It's, pink and wet. Like Nuevo your boy friend act up. You know: 
We draw fours like uno that a flip em over like Yu-Gi-Ohp 
 
Damn girl make a wish gone blow. It 
You see the magic stick: ok, the candle keeps glowing 
Ooh, vanilla, frosting, I'm gone eat the cake, 
I, get it sticky and wet like ice cream in between happy birthday day, hey 
 
 and Switch floz 
 
All, my Virgos Leos libras 
Pisces Aquarius Capricorn, and My Cancers, 
Sagittarius Aries and Taurus 
Gemini and Scorpios Yall know yall are freaky freak freaks, freaks, 
 
She said it's her birthday and she just turn 21 
Daddy girl got brand new car, no curfew. Let'S have her. Some fun 
She want to hit the club and after the club, it's a after party room, 2-oh-1 
Want a nigga to smack it up flip it up. Rub it down. 
I'M on patron tron, grey goose is gone, gone 
Hennessy, empty ciroc, get me rock. Let'S get it on on 
I'm. Also driddy oops, I meant tipsy 
That remy got got a bad bitch wet like Trina Kimmie. Give me some nicki, I
mean, Becky 
You know like Plies. Oh girl, don't act, shy, 
Please excuse my han-nds, my bad boo, I'm sor-ry 
She said don't wor-ry. Take it as a war-ning. 
My g made me slap them balls against her walls like Atar-ri 
, 
Damn girl make a wish gone blow. It 
You see the magic stick. Ok, the candle keeps glowing 
Ooh, vanilla, frosting, I'm gone eat the cake, 
I get it sticky and wet like ice cream. In between happy birthday day, hey 
 
Haha RIP to all the die'n to meet me, Switch Floz, you bastards, PNG
FLIPBOYZ 
You, know everyday. It'S a strippers birthday freaks
, 
