Bitch Killa Lyrics
by X-Raided.


I followed that bitch to her house, 
She's kind of stupid, walking through the block without a spouse 
She's got a hold of her purse with a death grip 
But the purse ain't. What I want so don't trip 
I know she saw me when she started walking faster 
I grabbed the Glock, and I was just about to blast her 
But. Then I stopped because I thought it'd be much better 
If the bitch is still alive. Then the pussy gon na be wetter 
So. The chase was on, I started running 
I said: You'd, better, stop cause. If you don't, I'm gon na be gunning. 
She didn't stop. So I popped on in her knee 
That's when she straight-up hit the motherfucking concrete 
I grabbed her legs and threw her in the buck. 
She said, Don't be so rough cause. I really wan na fuck 
I started digging my nigga, I was digging, 
She had a knife and in my back that bitch was digging. 
I was high, so I didn't feel shit. 
She realized she was fucking with a lunatic 
She started screaming. Let me go loud as fuck 
Cause of her hollering, I busted me: a fat nut, 
I stood up and started wiping off my shit, 
And put it in her mouth and said: Suck bitch 
Don't get it twisted. It wasn't. My dick the bitch was sucking. 
It was the barrel of my Glock that had her head ducking, 
I took it out and stuck it in her pussy 
I pulled the trigger and the nut came thick and mushy 
I grabbed my gun and disappeared like Jack. The Ripper 
Young X-Raided is a real bitch killer. 
 
The B, the I the T, the C the H 
The K, the I, the L, the L, the A 
It's, the devil in disguise.. 
Oh yeah in disguise, 
 
It's Halloween and I got a treat 
And dressed. Like the Devil and I'm handing out human meat 
And every ho that rings my bell - 
I drag them in the house and take them on a trip through Hell, 
Let's say, for instance, there was this white bitch 
I met her before this story, but this time she Got to die and shit 
I drug her in the back room, 
On, her stomach puppy-style stuck my dick up in her womb 
She wasn't screaming. She was loving this dick 
I couldn't nut. 
