Black Magic City Lyrics
by Wrekonize.


I been drinking all day long rolling out with a box of songs.
Welcome to the terror dome bitch.
Always knew I was destined to go on.
For so long everything feelin so wrong they been telling me to go strong.
And flow on and so on and so on.
And so on.
In a city so magic where we all got vicious habits.
This life will turn a baptist into an average addict.
It's So tragic but I love me some 3 0 fifth.
Where you go for the weekend come back home and they telling you to plead the.
fifth.
Lambos rent out for like 7 days.
Go hard like Rambo then come back and exchange for the Chevrolet.
You want sunshine we gotta bit of that and ass to match.
First time I was on the beach I nearly fell to my knees had an asthma attack.

Here in the city we pride in the best of nightlife.
You got curfews we got work through to the morning we seeing the bright lights.
And that's an everyday thang.
Round here it's reg-u-lar.
To leave out with an exit scar.
Face down in the best of bars.
Somebody pick up my tab I'll get ya the next time.
You know I'm good for it you know what it is Wreks mind.
I gotta have it I'm foaming out of the mouth I'm rabid.
I could let the whole world just vanish in a city so magic.

And it seems like magic.
Black Magic City.
And it seems like magic.
Black Magic City.
And it seems like magic.
Black Magic City.
And it seems like magic.
Do you believe in sex drugs rock and roll all in my black magic city.

It's LAX lavish latins and blacks ratchet.
Pale bitches tanning on beaches.
And that's that Kate Blanchet.
Police copters chase dope dealers and that's traffic.
Pornographic stars strut in starbucks.
It's that classic.
Bright lights luxe cars.
These chicks don't date regular dudes.
They only fuck stars.
Top model pop bottle.
Casting couches i love her.
Prettiest girls in America.
Come her to get discovered.
Some get discouraged quit bar tending.
And start stripping.
Beverly hills mansion party that's where they start sniffing.
My city quake halos and volcanos.
St. monica st. pedro.
We lost angels.
Coked up rich kids corporate big wigs.
Movie producers and actors.
She from a small town with them tractors.
So now she ain't trying to go backwards.
We on red carpets with the athletes.
And them pop stars and them rappers.
We like vip in them backseats papparazzi follow with cameras.
She got a nose job and them new lips and them huge tits do attract ya.
Had no ass took kadashian.
Got back like abracadabra.
See the celtics believed that the holly tree had magical properties.
Bad or good.
So witches made magic wands out of holly.
And that's why our city named Hollywood.

