Black Cake Lyrics
by Xeezy.

Look,I Started From The Bottom,yeah 'Nothing Was The Lame'.
Haters act like married bitches.  Yeah they dropping names.
You see what I'm saying,closed caption,no casket.
I'm moving drastic,to stretch em out just like elastic.
What happened to the magic? Morgan Freeman in 'Now You See Me'.
I don't believe anymore,and quick to call these ni99as phonies.
&amp; Homie if you know me,you know ma phone is always on me.
Nothing can console me,since it's never receiving calls from homies.
It's safe to say a ni99a ain't got no friends.
I wouldn't laugh,cause we gon meet the same end.
Fake smiles,real eyes,realize that real lies.
I'm dishonest. This honest ni99a,who diss dishonest ni99as lies.
Dry cry,even tears.
Even my peers gon disappear like voila' magic Mic appears.
Realest ni99a breathing since a ni99a been a semen.
&amp; I'm beaming,as I'm gleaming with dreams of f****** up the ceiling.

I was walking leaving work the other day.
When I saw this girl from Compre,&amp; she smiled my way.
She said Good Afternoon,&amp; I in even know what to say.
&amp; I'm sure ma ni99a prolly thinking,Damn,this ni99a Xeezy Gay!
Same dudes who kneel down before they pray.
Prey spelled with an E,not with an A.
&amp; any chick that pass they way,they quick to say they favorite vowels A.
They quick to say Ayyyyyyyyyyyyy.
She was just being mannerly,&amp; prolly want no part of me.
After I pop her cherry tree and make her another causality.
A casual catastrophe.
She a class trophy.
Break her heart,hard luck no cast for she.
Leaving her a cast-away.
Somebody castrate me.
Take away the part of me,that makes me feel the most manly.
FAMALEE,waz yuh pin? is usually uttered before Good Morning.
Before she wake up in the morning,I'm already thinking about horning.
My heart in mourning,somebody call the funeral home.
If loving you's a crime,then Ian Alleyne's on the phone.
We keep giving dog a bone,but even Goggle carries Chrome.
Yeah,  even Goggle carries chrome.
Friends who quick to carry you out,before they carry you home.
Girls who quick to lead you on,instead of leaving yo ass alone.
Ni99as who be lame as fuck pretending that they like your song.
To stupid pricks,who puff out they chest,revealing them-selves to be the pawn.

Shout-out to Logic for no reason at all.
Cause he hit me pon ma celly for no reason at all.
We spoke about it all.
He spoke about his gyal.
Who be driving him insane,and she in even ha no car.

Ma ni99a Delly,he working hard.
&amp; usually a Deli's working hard.
Which is ironic,cause we can't seem to meet.
Spelled with an E and an A,not a double E you retard.
Oh my God,this week has been insane.
My sister been on my brain.
As well as another name that I ain't saying.
Prolly cause you got no name,and sadly you never will.
I thought I had the time to kill.
&amp; sadly I paid the bill.
Not a single tear I'll spill.
But yo mama sure,feels ill.
I'm starting to look at shit a lot differently when people say they do it for.
the thrill.
The truest and the realest in the build.....

