Black Magic (feat. DJ Swamp) Lyrics
by Swollen Members.

Self Abuse Help Produce Black Magic Deeply Depressed Im The Best Thats Tragic.
You dont really wanna get me all fired up....

Madchild:.

It goes: Red Bull and vodka.
Im a psycho like chopper.
Glorify the gangster whether handcuffed or locked up.
Drink Pepsi-Cola same friends still rolling.
Still Swollen, only difference is the heat that Im holding.
You dont really wanna get me all fired up.
You'll be the one that ends up with his mouth wired shut.
High voltage cause power outages.
Set a bad example for the youth.
How bout it kids.
Madchild's starting an army who wanna join it.
Warriors raise your fists if you enjoying it.
Soldiers of fortune, chainsaw massacre.
Brain react fast when a maniacs after you.
Guilt stirs in the silence of my room.
Can't hold back with god, still sin follows through.
Black jack, fire arms, foreign cars, trying hard.
Forest fires, horrified, war cries, iron bars.

Black Magic, spit life with every breath.
Not likely to forget, its like we never left.
Black Magic, the worlds screaming for change.
Whos feeling this pain, are we dreaming in vain.
Black Magic, are we dreaming in vain.
Black Magic, you feeling the same pain.
Can't fear what we dont understand.
Gone back down beneath, heads high, upperhand.
BlACK MAGIC.

Prevail:.

The dark arts, incantations and spell craft.
Circles and stars the same fury that hell hath...

De humani corporis fabrica.
The structure of the human body, welcome to Gattaca.
Twin girls in the hallway, elevators of blood.
Spin words like spider's silk burn when the fires built.
Doves fly, straight from the hands of a replicant.
Run the blade futuristic cities of the heaven sent.
I'm home melted chrome and twisted metal.
Surrealist literature from the seamless vessel.
The dark arts incantations and spell craft circles and stars.
The same fury that hell hath.
Feathers of an Osprey, leather glove of the falconeer.
Treasure chests of gold, tales told then you all come near.
Photons and gammas, rays and beams.
Sailed with Jason and the Argonauts in ancient leagues.
The lords of the hidden world séance and candlelight.
Connections to spirits that dance in the afterlife.

Madchild:.

Shane's brain a hurricane, it's a death march.
Never let your dream die, thats the best part.
Stormrider man I snap like a pit.
Axe murderer, get hacked up to bits.
Muscle car, hardbar, Heineken, pornstars, tourbus.
Truck stop, iron horse, motor cross.
Mad paints a poetic self portrait.
Warlock that rocks still locked in fortress.

Prevail:.

Contortionists, swallowers of knives and fire-eaters.
Nonconformist performers that won't change.
And I won't either.
I can see the future like Nostradamus.

Something wicked this way comes.
The scythe and the hour glass in a capsule of morphine.
Drag chains around the castle grounds.
Dressed in darker clothing.
Pit and the pendulum, serpent and the rainbow.
My lineage the arrow, my bloodline the crossbow.

