Blackbird (feat. lil los
by Woodie.

Woodie speaking 
Yeah this one for my boy, Blackbird 
This, your boy, Woodie homie, 
Still down here, struggling dog 
Be there in a minute 
It's me Lil', Los Shadow Lou-e-Lou, 
Lil' bird in this muthaf*cka too 
This dedicated to you, homie, 
Blackbird, 
 
Do. You remember when I bought the seventy-five caprice. Glasshouse. 
I came back to the Yoc after pullin' eight hundred cash out 
We took it to my pops shop.. And sanded it down 
Got, it sprayed apple, green. We sixteen through the town 
That was when the click down-n-dirty album. Just dropped 
And that Mr. flamboyant made them by 9's knock 
We were dippin' so hard. We had the wheel comin' off the ground, 
Tryin' to peel every notch in town, 
While attemptin' to keep the yoc locked down 
Any scraps. We ran across we hopped out and got down 
Drinkin' forties smokin' bammer earnin' stripes was our life 
Buyin' any strap? We could. What good was a knife? 
We was tryin' ta take'em all out the game. 
And at the same time have the hoes callin', our name. 
We were naive and young ..., Maybe even dumb 
But, there's nothin' like the feelin'. When the respect come 
Cause many recognized we got down to business, 
And very capable of leavin' enemies. Wigs split 
We was kids ... showin' up to school. The next day. 
Like nothin' happened. It'S all part of life in the bay ..., hey 
I, guess our fathers bred some killaz 
But, I'm still here and you're gone, and I don't feel a 
Muthaf*ckin' thang of that I wan na bring it back 
Blackbird. I wish I could bring ya back. 
 
Blackbird dedicated his life to the game 
So if you're Norteno remember his name, 
Carlos Joseph Ramirez, a soldier, much love 
Amongst, any homeboyz that now rest above 
Blackbird dedicated his life to the game. 
So. If you're Norteno remember his name, 
Carlos Joseph Ramirez, a soldier, much love 
Amongst, any homeboyz that now rest above 
 
This is dedicated to my homie that never made it 
I reminisce and miss you even more. When I'm faded, 
You were always hated and misunderstood. 
Just, a down muthaf*cka that was reppin' his hood 
I wish you could come back like you did that one time 
When, you walked up all good. It nearly blew my mind 
As I rewind and think about that love. You showed 
Especially when you. Let me know it's hard to let you go 
I, know for sure you're in a better place, restin' in peace, 
With that struggle off your face. 
Ain'T nothin' gon na replace the times we all had 
Kickin' it in the alley. Drinkin' liquor, smokin', mary sacs 
It. Really don't matter man for what you did 
I got your back'till this day, 
I gives a f*ck what they say. 
Send my love to Ray 
I know he's up there hearin' this 
I bet your in the studio. Next to me, feelin' this 
I wish. I could get rid of this feelin' that I got 
When. I smash thru, the Yoc with your image in my knot, 
Turn, my back. I will not 
Will forever be bound. Givin' love to my homie 
Pourin' liquor on the ground. 
Always, like a big brother, protected me in the streets, 
A homie, like no other 
Was, always real when he speaked 
Soon it'll, be time for me. So I'll see you later. 
God bless rest in peace, man and f*ck. These haters 
 
Blackbird dedicated his life to the game 
So. If you're Norteno remember his name, 
Carlos Joseph Ramirez, a soldier, much love 
Amongst, any homeboyz that now rest above 
Blackbird dedicated his life to the game. 
So. If you're Norteno remember his name, 
Carlos Joseph Ramirez, a soldier, much love 
Amongst, any homeboyz that now rest above 
 
I'm fosho of what I know my folks got murdered by the popo 
They tip-toed to unload, exposed and cover up in coco 
Count me. So don't doubt me cause up in my town: 
There their ain't, no cush and plantin' bushes. The po's is crooked. 
You'Ll, see me creepin' up out of the bushes 
Look at the pain imposed we lost, Big Los 
I was gone awhile, but they hit home. 
Never thought it'd get so shady 
Lost, the babies in our range is gone, 
But remains are all but memories, recollections and reflections 
I can move. All of us. 
That h is on our gauge is strapped trade by 7's smithin' west 
It's, nothing too expensive cause. We didn't have scratch 
But. We had each others back 
Now, I'm like damn man. What happened to that 
I miss the times when we would ride times side by side before Los died. 
I cried that night in the park. But in my heart and mind you still alive, 
So keep ridin' it's Blackbird 
Cause! You never been no coward. Puttin' that phat work on you rivals 
Keepin' the title'till. It spiral out 
But now, nothing to say, wan na go back erase the game 
Change his fate for thangs attained insane 
Live it up in the strange, and I remain to be the same old g 
You'll always see up in these streets with heat beneath the seat. Four g's 
I'm the creep: no peace, fire free and breeze 
Remember. This underclubbin', never tendin' or pretendin' 
No surrender. Northern member 
Callin', the Blackbird. Look at the yappers 
Let's go back. Let'S reminisce, 
The click was thick, but few were g's, though 
You were ridin'. Hitless shoutin' at b*tches, not f*ckin', P.N.C 
Hoes was creepin' up at the high. You would deny 
We hittin' switches unless you would we with you 
So to you. This is the tribute 
 
Blackbird dedicated his life to the game 
So. If you're Norteno remember his name, 
Carlos Joseph Ramirez, a soldier, much love 
Amongst, any homeboyz that now rest above 
Blackbird dedicated his life to the game. 
So. If you're Norteno remember his name, 
Carlos Joseph Ramirez, a soldier, much love 
Amongst, any homeboyz that now rest above 
 
That, sweat hit. My forehead feel it trickle thru my skin 
Holdin' in my ghetto tears 
Blackbird. Let'S remember gettin' drunk in H when BNT was around 
Cuttin' prices. On the you know: cars trafficin' it down 
But, then, when I did it, you felt like we spitted 
Cause. I was lost in that light and really was kickin' 
My bad. I was gone in that fast pace. One track mind 
Lift needed, I would ride, then a drop. I would die 
When that sucka pulled a strap. I snatched the strap out his hand, 

Now that I'm thinkin', it's good, that you did it 
Cause, as paper was showin' that thang'n was snitchin', 
I'm grown now, homie, no more foolish behavior 
I'm the gent laced up with a 6th sense of a player 
I'm taking care Of my daughter cause, I don't need a father 
All that bullshit before this n*gga don't bother 
Still, I'm northern Cali red caught a bud to their head 
Tryna get ahead or give a finger to the feds 
Can I drink it to heaven have mercy on our sins. 
You understand and have compassion, 
For the bod amongst friends, 
 
All speaking 
Rest in peace, playboy 
We, all love you homie 
I'll! Never forget you Los 
Got, a good game out, homie 
But for that I'll be witchu right now, 
Without. A second thought: 
 
Blackbird dedicated his life to the game 
So. If you're Norteno remember his name, 
Carlos Joseph Ramirez, a soldier, much love 
Amongst, any homeboyz that now rest above 
Blackbird dedicated his life to the game. 
So. If you're Norteno remember his name, 
Carlos Joseph Ramirez, a soldier, much love 
Amongst, any homeboyz that now rest above
 
