Black Connection!! 226 Lyrics
by U.N.L.V..


Now, if I step up on you with two nine millimeters 
Nigga you best to up and feel the heat from my niener 
Or, you gone be the next unsolved murder case. 
No damned description, nigga cuz only you saw my face 
But, it's far too late for snitch and flatline time. 
Got caught in my hood slippin' flatline time, BITCH, 
Optimals and fried pita and shit 
Only enhances the chances of cowards gettin'. They dome split 
I roll with killas, who that reside and blunt fillas 
And in our midst. Is this thug ass, nigga tryin' to get bigger, 
From quarters to keys? I be runnin' in and out 
Every muthafuckin' house in the cut goin' for the green 
Protected by the Tec, nuts, guts and heart in the city, where it's all death 
In the hood, where niggas can't trust they own crew 
But, I got doggs worldwide. I thought you knew 
 
I wan na take a trip to Cuba and parle' in the bay 
Play with the bitches in Havana and come back with the yay 
Front. All my niggas nothin' left but QB's 
Sit back like a fat cat and count nothin', but G's 
The. First mill that I make-uh buy alot of acres 
Plant. All my weed nigga what'cha need 
Can. You picture just predict how to stunt a lick, 
I done, drove to Hammon and came back with some shit 
Call. It yayo and the other shit just call it brown 
Some fools. Lay it down, then act. A clown. 
Call me Sousa. I toss a bird in a matter of minutes. 
You want an ounce Gim me your number and then hit me. 
I got them raw bricks. Bigger than you ever saw. 
I even got flip a dime for them rock stars, 
I'm the richest infamous, and they can feel this 
Commander of them. Soljas out the Melph, Lio and Nolia 
You can't stop us fuck them. Choppers 
We got grenades, drop one. Then our work will be done. 
Now. We done handled that, let's get some herb out the Mac 
And fuck parle'n. Let'S find somebody else to jack 
 
Niggas in trouble, cuz the B.G. behind the trigger 
Stompin' like a savage, I split, yo muthafuckin' cabbage 
It's a habit to grab it. When I see it, I got ta, get it 
Don't deny me nigga or your wig. I'M gone have to split it. 
My name ring a bell: cuz, I'm as real as they come. 
I'M young and I act a donkey. Uptown is where I'm from 
I'm full of that monkey. You want some. I spit arrows like cupid, 
But, mine, ain't, comin' out barrels or that dope nigga I get stupid 
I get upset. I leave a nigga wet 
I left two bodies on Macnester that them people ain't found yet 
If. You beefin' with me, say your prayers 
I been in gangsta shit, four years, 
Huntin' niggas down like reindeers 
Oh Lord. I got my muthafuckin' hands on a cannon. 
So I'ma open a nigga up like the Grand Canyon 
Niggas amazed. I hit the block with A.K's 
I spray, get out the block or get grazed muthafucka 
You got the yay I gots to have it. Give it up. Nigga 
You play the role like you so hard and you get plucked. Nigga 
I got a K, but with two Q.P.'s, I'm goin' in 
Through the front door on Clarence go through the back with the Mack 10 
Lay it down hand it over 
I, told ya, don't be stingy. Nigga or death is gettin', closer 
Baby, Gangsta comin' for a bitch 
Uptown's. The shit B.C. two two six is the clique 
V.L. nigga, Philip 
