Black Whip Lyrics
by Sycosis.

Black Whip.

I'm in my black whip, that bitch beautiful.
Windows tinted seats pushed back like a cuticle.
My boy got a midnight colored box the top cubicle.
This is how we do it on our side its just new to you.

I'm in my black whip that bitch beautiful.
Windows tinted seats pushed back like a cuticle.
My girl got a charcoal colored Malibu with attitude.
If you reppin like I'm reppin this is what you gotta do.

I'm in my black whip 2 lanes give em room.
Oh there's an app for that remote start from the living room/.
Push to start bucket seats in back barely pushed apart.
My old whip cut off on me at the light I had to push to park/.
But not this Chevy sitting heavy girl you ready.
She warp speed and stop on a dime, brake like a levee/.
I say she never bleed all that she need is holding her steady.
Got them Asains on her feet Yokahomas call it a peddy/.
This ain't no ice cream paint my whip dark as oil.
Rev the engine a couple times the pavement starts to boil/.
Got the iPod connected through auxilory.
Underneath the seat pick your poison on the artillery/.
Feelin me I'm a heathen see me coming they leaving.
Traffic swerving and weaving no particular reason/.
Do this through every season long as a nigga breathing.
Cameras flashing pictures through red lights I hope they keep em/.

{Los}.
They say my onyx colored fairy could win the tripple crown.
Cuz she got 5 G speed and she bust em down/.
And if I break it down so much we make it run around.
But they don't wanna run around.
They keep screaming take em now/.
It feels foreign the way that bitch soaring.
Hitting corners flooring with a German chic pouring/.
You keep your pigeon coupes I'll be 4 dooring.
With seats so plush we can take that bitch touring/.

{El Dorodo}.
Swing low sweet chariot black as a ninja mask.
Slicing lanes on Katina blades ninja fast/.
As a baby I was pimping in my black buggy.
When I go hearse it'll be a black Lac so doughie/.
Whip black like it came from the set of roots.
And she a blonde now but she got black roots/.
And she a freak off top, that's through the roof.
Black light back seat look you can see the proof/.

I'm in this black whip.
We done been through everything.
Tripple coat of wax on her back.
She drive better clean/.
Bad bitch with hair down her back.
She ride shotgun.
Her panties would be wet.
Except she ain't got none/.
She turned on when I open up the door.
Different brand everyday I could open up a store/.
If you scratch on my paint.
We can open up a war.
Look I'm sinking in these seats.
Like I opened up the floor/.

