Blak Pudd'n Lyrics
by SWV.

Boy be quite follow me and tip toe 
Don't wan na make too much noise 
Sneaking in your window, 
So pull down the shades 
 
Cause, my neighbors are kind of nosy 
Comfy cosy. Now off with the clothes-y 
Can, I get a witness Betta fitness 
Baby. We can do it take your time. Do it right, 
 
Lick, my belly button whisper, sweet, nothings, 
In, my ear to get my hormones in gear. 
Now, mamma's little baby loves toast and jam 
Melts in your mouth, but not in your hand. 
Black pudd'n 
 
Separates the boys from the men 
You, can knock all day Jehovah, but you can't get in 
Maybe. You can get a scoop if you're, really all of that 
And you can leave your fake fingernails in my back 
Now. I may not be a lady, but I'm, surely all woman 
So check it. The proof is in the pudd'n 
 
Can I get a lick. Can I get a lick? What 
Can I get a lick. Can I get a lick? What 
Can I get a lick. Can I get a lick girl, 
I wan na get a taste of your pudd'n 
 
Must be Jell-O cause pudd'n, don't jiggle like that, 
Yeah ain't that a fact pull out your spoon 
And. Let'S begin the mixing, always in the bedroom 
Never in the kitchen, you can get busy 
 
With your head beneath the blanket 
Flip it spank it gettin' buck naked cause women in the 90's 
Want more from a brother than a part-time lover, 
Who's wack, undercover! So brother do your duty 
When it comes to the bedroom. Don'T let him eat the pudd'n 
 
If. He ain't got the head room, 
So, dip D. I P dive if you wan na, be a diver 
Sport, a helmet with a light like an old gold miner. 
No need to taste test the puddn's, always fresh 
So brothers wear a bib. If you're gon na make a mess 
 
Can, I get my spoon in no way 
Now. I eats more pudd'n than old folks play. Bingo 
Parker Lewis can't lose in Santa Domingo 
What about Atlanta, unverified than Santa 
Saturday night. I'M liver than Rose-ana-ana Dan-a 
So Holy Molly 
 
Can. I get my spoon in no way 
Now I eats more pudd'n than old folks play. Bingo 
Parker Lewis can't lose in Santa Domingo 
What about Atlanta, unverified than Santa 
Saturday night. I'M liver than Rose-ana-ana Dan-a 
So Holy Molly 
 
Can. I get my spoon in no way 
Now I eats more pudd'n than old folks play. Bingo 
Parker Lewis can't lose in Santa Domingo 
What about Atlanta, unverified than Santa 
Saturday night. I'M liver than Rose-ana-ana Dan-a 
So Holy Molly 
 
Can I get a lick. Can I get a lick? What 
Can I get a lick. Can I get a lick? What 
Can I get a lick, Can I get a lick girl, 
I wan na get a taste of your pudd'n 
 
Proof is in the pudd'n, so come get a taste. 
I know that you love it from the smile on your face. 
Up and down like a slinky, let's get kinky 
The cream in the middle of a Twinkie 
Cause. I likes my men cot diesel, 
 
And. If you're unleaded, then nigga just forget it. 
You can't rub my back or kiss my neck: either 
With you sniffy sneezy, coughy, achy, stuffy, head fever, 
Undercover lover in between the sheets 
As, the bed springs creak. While I rips up the beat 
 
Brothers love, the pudd'n like Lucy, loves, Ricky, 
Joanie, loves, Chachi or Micky loves Minne 
But. I have getting hickies on my neck in the summer. 
Cause wearing a turtle neck is a bummer. 
I heats up the mike'til. Your blood pressure rises, 
 
It ain't, the kind of pudd'n Bill, Cosby advertises, 
Pull out your spoon and let us begin 
But if you front on the pudd'd 
You might not get your spoon in!
 
