Blind Eyes (The Good American) Lyrics
by Swoope.


Blood in the streets, we turn blind eyes: 
Is, it murder. If we watch them, die 
Blood on our hands and we don't care why 
We turn blind eyes. ,'Till, we in the fire, 
 
Abandoned layin' half dead in the road 
And. Really, I don't know if I'mma make it 
I'm stranded. The masked man took my clothes 
And. That hatred is what left me. Naked 
I was mindin', my own 
Until, the heisters came and swiped what I own 
Not right got left to die on my own 
Dark night and the blood. I lie in's my own 
Bruised ribs and a black eye 
Swoll shut, but I still see my life flash by 
Geeked cause. I think I seen a priest on the bypass 
But. He leaped to the other street and passed by 
Then. A Levite did similiar 
And. Honestly. I don't really know what hurt more 
The thief, guys tryna. Stick me up 
Or getting ignored by the church. Folk 
I know they seen me in their vision, but for intervention 
They too busy with agendas and religion 
Is it pride, racism or arrogance. 
That lets me die. Waitin' for a good samaritan, 
 
I'm lying. If I tell you that I can't see 
You dying just as long as it ain't me: 
Sex trade, little girls getting slaughtered 
Long as it ain't my little girl. I ain't bothered 
Wall Street gettin' occupied 
Who. Cares. Call me when somebody dies. 
The hurricane took your power, My God 
Hold that thought I got ta charge. My iPod 
Rwanda got that genocide 
But. I got that new Honda with the tint inside 
9/11. We can hold hands 9/12. I don't know man, 
Picket fences. Keep me caged up 
An animal unaware that I'm enslaved cause 
I, can't even fathom the thought of my neighbor 
Askin' me for help. Are you insane bruh 
The blood, the murder, the carnage? We see it all 
From afar, on our DVR's 
Simply too busy to be involved. 
It ain't, our problem: unless it's an easy, solve 
The, hands and feet of Christ, is it lies 
Or? Do our busy lives? Tell us not to sympathize. 
The social ills of the world should make us sick inside 
The. Big supply of evil should not desensitize 
If. They hungry and we don't feed'em 
Closet full of clothes when the cold need'em 
What we do for the least of we do the same thing to Jesus 
I know you see Him in your vision, but for intervention 
You too busy with your agendas and religion 
Is. It pride racism or arrogance 
That, let's em' die waitin' for a good American 
, 
Star-spangled or blood-stained 
Beautiful America, which banner gets unclaimed. 
The untrained eye is blind without love, 
We seein' it now, but never the outcome. 
Murder she wrote cause. We ain't give her the savior 
Naw. First, we elope then treat her like she, a stranger yeah 
How. We do both with our selfish behavior. 
He said. If you love Me, though, love your neighbor Lord help, us 
Why are you afraid of their faces. 
They were reaching out, but you won't take it. No 
They ain't gone too soon. So are you happy 
Cause? If you don't love them, then you don't love me 
No-oh-oh-ohhhh-oh, 
No-oh-oh-ohhhh-oh, 
No-oh-oh-ohhhh-oh 
Cause. If you don't love them, then you don't love me. 
No-Oh-Oh-Ohhhh-Oh 
 
Blood in the streets. We turn blind eyes, 
Is it murder. If we watch them, die 
Blood on our hands and we don't care why 
We turn blind eyes. ,'Till. We in the fire
 
