Blockbuster Night Part 1 Lyrics
by Run the Jewels.


Bunches and bunches.
Punches is thrown until you're frontless.
Oodles and oodles.
Bang bullets at suckers' noodles.
Last album voodoo.
Proved that we was fuckin' brutal.
I'm talking crazy, half past the clock is cuckoo.
You rappers doodoo.
Baby shit, just basic boo boo.
I'm Shaka Zulu.
Mansa Musa, my money's buku.
My beats is bangin'.
Fuck what you rappin.
Who produced you?
I slapped the snot, take what ya got.
And Run The Jewels you.

You itsy bitsy.
Furry frightened.
And fricken' sickly.
A little prickly, dick on display for Winter swimming.
Look at these kiddies, Mike.
I'm a rat-a-tat 'em for living.
I deal in dirty work.
Do the deed and then dash.
Ditch 'em.
I'd lend a hand but they stuck in a fist and gun position.
We run a brand where destruction's the number one commitment.
It's all a joke between mom contractions and coffin fittings.
So we disappear in the smoke.
Like we're fucking magicians.

Killer Mike &amp;.
No hocus pocus, you simple suckers been served a notice.
Top of the morning, my fist to your face is fucking Folgers.

You punks is pussy proverbial pansy panty holders.
I Jake the Snake ‘em, DDT ‘em in mausoleums.
Macabre massacres killing cunts in my colosseum.

I'm the foulest, no need for any evaluation.
I'm a phallus, a Johnson, a jimmy spraying faces.
Any cow that is sacred will get defaced.
Like any tyrant murderer gets replaced.
Face it.
The fellows at the top are likely rapists.
But you're like, Mellow out, man, just relax, it's really not that.
complicated.
Well pardon me, I guess I'm just insane as you explained.
Or maybe sanctifying the sadistic is deranged.

This Run The Jewels is.
Murder, mayhem, melodic music.
Psychotics use it to lose it.
Junkies simply abuse it.
That's word to Phillip Seymour Hoff' and I'm kushin', coughin'.
I probably smell like a pound when they put me in a coffin.
The gates of hell are pugnaciously pacin', waitin'.
I give a fuck if I'm late, tell Satan be patient.
But I ain't here for durations, I'm just taking vacations.
And tell him fuck him, I never loved him and salutations.

