Blood
by Swych.


Swych Little.
2mello.
Nastlevania flow, huh?
Eww.
If you say your life hard, go harder.
Go harder, go harder!

What if a little boy from Mass that was trill got a deal on the hottest rap.
label around?
More importantly what if that boy created a sound.
And more importantly ignored what they be saying around town.
Well I'm 2 for 3.
They gon' need a spaceship and a sniper trying to shoot my dreams.
Missing so they dissing from a distance like they shooting 3's.
I might just break your ankles, you might just lose your knees.
Because I'm trying to ball in reality, no Laguna Beach.
And life was hard until I started going harder.
Living for today because we don't know about tomorrow.
I want everything today, because tomorrow's never promised.
And I never trust a promise anyway, but regardless what happens.
I'm maximizing every second,.
I'm ready to go to war.
My set is cocking their weapons.
Man we only trying to rise.
Rise!
I look down and all I see is my.

My blood, my sweat.
My tears all on the flo'.
It got me thinking how much longer I can go.
It got me thinking how much farther I can go.
Until I'm living my dreams, I won't.
I won't stop, I won't slow.
I'm gon' go.
Yeah I said I'm gon' go.
Because that's the only way that I know.

Riding on a rocky road, no level ground.
Until the whip flips like I'm selling pounds.
They ain't messing with the kid like a pedophile.
And I'm about straight faces like I never smile.
They tell me get 'em I will.
When they get on my level because I ain't seen them in years, no correctives.

They telling me lighten up like Aunt Vivian but I never will.
Forever trill until the day that I meet Uncle Phil.
Tell my pops that I miss him.
And anything is possible if Mega Man's in Smash Bros. and Boosie out of.
prison.
I'm just trying to do it bigger than Meech.
I won't stop until I'm bigger than me.
Until I'm bigger than all of them other, uh, that.
said I would never did it.
Mad that I ever dreamed it and said I would never live it.
If you want to see me hurt, then go and take you a picture.
Because the closest you gon' get to it is this because I'm spillin' my.

I won't let them see me sweat though.
Nah, but I won't let them see me sweat.
I won't let them see me sweat yo.
No, no.

2Pac Interview.
I want when they see me, they know that everyday when I'm breathing, it's for.
us to go farther, you know? Everytime I speak I want the truth to come out,.
you know what I'm saying? Everytime I speak I want to shiver, you know? I.
don't want them to be like, they know what I'm going to say because it's.
polite. They know what I'm going to say. And even if I get in trouble, you.
know what I'm saying? Ain't that what we're supposed to do? I'm not saying.
that I'm going to rule the world or I'm going to change the world. But I.
guarantee that I will spark the brain that will change the world and that's.
our job. It's to spark somebody else watching us. We might now be the ones,.
but let's not be selfish and because we not gon' change the world let's not.
talk about how we should change it.

