Blow It Lyrics
by Sway UK.


Money don't grow on trees my friend.
Let it all fall down like leaves I spend on you. On you.
‘Cause I'm a blow it all on my baby.
Baby… I'm a blow it all on you.
Baby… I'm a blow it all on my…

Money comes money goes.
On them cars on them clothes.
Rolling fast, Monaco.
The more that we make the more we're gonna BLOW.
By the truckload, we buy the truck.
Divide it up and get the finest stuff.
Till they all like “were do you find this stuff?”.
It's quite enough but it's never quiet enough now…
Deep breath.
My  needs a new engine.
My  needs a new bedroom.
My  needs an extension.
My  needs some more leg room.
My  needs some more credit.
From over to down under yeah we get it…

Money don't grow on trees my friend.
Let it all fall down like leaves I spend on you. On you.
‘Cause I'm a blow it all on my baby.
Baby… I'm a blow it all on you.
Baby… I'm a blow it all on my…

London up to Leeds we started off slow.
And then we made a way out of Norway now we're in Oslo.
From LA to Toronto from Germany to Japan, they're calling me the man.
When I speed up the flow and the words start Russian like its Moscow.
Everybody follow me on to the next level.
Gas pedal when I'm on a roll, I keep it moving.
Never stopping left them in a puff of smoke.
Never gonna chock, still I'm in my Prime wanna vote?
Could be running for a election, no this ain't a running joke.
I don't want a boat, might want a jet, might want to jet.
To another show.
Mic check, right on the set.
Turn it up and let me see your hands up in the air when you.

Money don't grow on trees my friend.
Let it all fall down like leaves I spend on you. On you.
‘Cause I'm a blow it all on my baby.
Baby… I'm a blow it all on you.
Baby… I'm a blow it all on my…

They Call Me Raptor.
Slide through life like a penguins belly.
Gotta get yours if the food ain't ready.
Oh my I see drones fly.
Call of Duty there's no lives.
Am I moving a Rubicon can's fruity.
They're usually on patrol.
Nanny don't have too long to go, no life coach on the couch at home.
Swans and ugly ducklings corrupted, can't swim round the pond.
Thinking that your even gonna get a crust chucked in.
What a fuckrie.
Casual are the casualties.
Nail in the coffin for the lavish needs.
Hammerheads swim around the man that bleeds.
I watch from the island for my sanity.
Polar bears over hear fam' its peak…

