Blvk Friday Lyrics
by SwavyKilz.


Nothing in life is perfect,except ecstasy with Hennessy,I live in a new life and new world something u.
can never see.
My ex called my phone saying how she wants to see me ,.
Roofied her fuckin doctor pepper then took her to the c wing.
Slit her throat then fired the bitch up like some chicken wings.
Stupid little bitch I fucking hate you .How da fuck you gonna leave me For.
that 5 foot gay dude?
I'm glad your dead, I'm glad your dead.
Now I'll never have to see your ugly horse face again.
I used to call you beautiful now i just call you dead,I used to call you mine.
,now i just call you lead.
You fucked my mind up mentally and emotionally So till them im over dosing.
off this morphine....

Killen Shit with a 10 dollar SwitchBlade November 28th nigga Blvk Friday.

I'm from the place where slender man can be ya best friend burn the house Down.
and kill the fucking kids in the kitchen.Anti depressed,Takin nothing but anti.
depressions.
Sick of being sober, sick of being underrated Sick of this blunt but its time.
for me to face it.
She was the lighter to my port and the nicotine to my lungs.
Now we done she moving on fucking another nigga i wonder if he'll ever be as.
dope as me .Getting on social media tweetin bout me.
She tweakin off a couple Of g pens ,and she drinking telling her rich friends.
she gets to see swavy on the weekend.
False and this ain't no fucking test bitch,but if u tryna test my fucking.
patience.
Your world will go real slow like the matrix.
Still tippen on four 4s while im mackin on dese hoes.
Been draped up and dripped that ,the truth i just spit that.
And the truth im bout to say is right here so just sit back.

Right after i rape your little spanish ass and throw your body in a fucking.
trash bag.
Let you be decomposed with the roaches,your second family.
I'll have sexually intercourse with both of your sisters and then slit they.
throats too...IS THAT WHAT U WANT?!
It's a dark damn day &amp; I'm the last motherfucker you that you wanna play.
wit.
Now what the fuck do i do im all covered in blood &amp; Im staring at myself.
in the mirror saying look what I've become.......

