Bodyguard Lyrics
by Woop.

I dont need no bodyguard, pull up late anybody guard.
On a xanax bar and a Ar, we gone pull up broad day with that hk.
I dont need no bodyguard, pull up late anybody guard.
On a xanax bar and a Ar, we gone pull up broad day with that hk.

Who dat there got them jays at the door in the room.
Who dat there case they pull up on you wrong with that chrome.
Who dat there with them 30 clips right off the hip, who dat there they dont.
need no bodyguard.
Know he hood he just pull up park it cross the yard, Molly rock got the hood.
going monkey bars.
OG cookies pulling cookies out my cookies out my cookie jar, Not no milk i.
just hit it till that bitch get hard.
.357 blue tips them my same shits, dirty face i might dirty face i might take.
sum.
Pull up on em i might pull up on em i might break sum.
50 rounds with them 50 rounds im gone shake sum.
My bodyguard i guard my own body i got bomb threat, im laughing im counting.
old hunnids old as yo grandma.
Im rolling im with the woopers ready to hunt sum do the dash on any nigga.
think he want sum he dont want nun.

I dont need no bodyguard, pull up late anybody guard.
On a xanax bar and a Ar, we gone pull up broad day with that hk.
I dont need no bodyguard, pull up late anybody guard.
On a xanax bar and a Ar, we gone pull up broad day with that hk.

who dat Its lil kodak project baby, Audi A8 im gettin.
to the damn cake.
In club Lux you catch me sticking in.
the damn place, he caught a case he went to singing like he Ray J.
Look i ain't got no love for you niggas sniper gang i put some slugs thru you.
niggas.
That tommy rip thru yo body lil boy dont try me yo wifey she right here by me.
she on a jolly.
She vibing she popping pussy she popping molly im pimping so call me pippen im.
going scotty.
Hungry im money hungry i need a hunnid, im grubbing at benihanas told em no.
onions.
Im clutching i just snuck in the club with the peace im busting so i dont need.
no damn security.
30 deep pull up 30 deep where yo mama sleep ima feen ima money feen money got.
me geeked.

x2 I dont need no bodyguard, pull up late anybody guard.
On a xanax bar and a Ar, we gone pull up broad day with that hk.
I dont need no bodyguard, pull up late anybody guard.
On a xanax bar and a Ar, we gone pull up broad day with that hk.

