Boomerang Lyrics
by The Uncluded.

Kimya Dawson 
I spun and I stood and I look back at the good 
And. I remembered seeing ghosts and I remembered being tiny 
I remembered, always hiding with only flashlights lighting 
Had to pee, when you found the best spot. Bad timing, 
Climbing a dogwood. Barking in bloom, 
Sting singing on the ceiling of a blue bedroom 
Like, a Harlem-line summertime, hootenanny barbecue 
Screaming, I'm fine, but I think they all knew 
Cause. You can't hide your childhood flying dreams. 
Through your fishbowl-wall transparencies 
And, the clock tick-tocked. It was time to leave. 
I walked away from everyone and everything 
And. I thought when I left that I couldn't come back 
With, that old household never home again 
And, then when I ran toward the one-man-band 
I began, abandoning all my friends, 
 
Aesop Rock 
All, dressed up like a spider in a cup 
Entirely divided from his hub 
Addressing Injuries commissioned by the Suffolk county, brier 
When, building coverage out of rubber tyres, 
Or guns out of thumbs, ... 
Negotiated, inter-stellar peace talks, 
Mothership, transmitting intel on the meatloaf 
Ummm .... It'S getting cold sugar water, getting warm 
Cruising to a future summer, suiting up for civil war. 
How All dressed up like a spider in a cup 
Hiding tiny butterflies inside his gut 
Having settled down several thousand miles from his blood 
To climb and tirelessly high-dive into a sponge 
Space invaders through a paper Rita, Hayworth 
Trying to tunnel'till. He ankle deep in pay-dirt 
Or halo, deep in water, ... 
Glub glub ... wondering if running 
Is considered by the people to be cowardly or cunning. 
 
Boomer-oomerang Boomer-oomer-oomerang, 
Boomer-oomerang, Boomer-oomer-oomerang, 
, 
Kimya Dawson 
I went east with a hole to fill in my chest. 
I went west with it filled off to build a nest. 
I'M impressed., I'm depressed., I'm the best., I'm a mess, 
With a pretty little baby girl upon my breast 
And. Next progress twist turn digress, 
Busy busy busy busy busy busy, never rest 
I missed the rest. As you might suspect, 
And I tried to fly, but my wings are wet 
A kid in the woods ducked down in the shrubs 
Out of hiding just in time to greet the sun 
So here I stand with my hand out cast aflame 
I'm, sorry that sometimes I'm So lame 
I'm, sorry that sometimes I'm a deadbeat friend 
The worry makes me scurry into my own head 
With my eyes on the rise feet where it sets 
Sentimental obstacles. 
