Boom Get Chopped Lyrics
by U.N.L.V..

{ Talking } 
I'm, sick of it 
Me to 
Stop playin' 
This here is for the 
Tan shade man with the braid's 
Stop playin' with me, 
I'm sick of it 
Fake punk wan na be 
Flip on this nine millmeter clip 
 
We come to stop him in his Tracks show him 
That, I'm ruthless Boom Get Chopped 
We come to stop him in his track's 
Got. To get my motherfuckin' name, 
Boom Get Chopped 

Now. You know this not some sunburst, drink's 
I'm, so deaf, then the Def. Comedy Jam 
Open that clip now clip up like I'm firm 
I'm. A super duper rap rapper 
Steady, makin', snappers, 
Hand's, clapper nigga, my chopper got'cha 
I'm. On the first floor, emergency 
Bury me mister, I'm sick. I'M jump for joy 
But quickly in my disguise. To finish the j-o-b 
Ya see I'm back on track. Can ya get with that 
No you's a ho you's, a ho Mystikal 
I pack ya up like there's nothin' to be 
Down like a street, steady re-loadin', my weapon, 
Like, a brass knuckle and my soldiers, I mean shoes, 
I, mentally Retaliate, ya, think ya, slick 
You, not Gon na bounce you not gon na bow 
Ho you on my dick but umm 
I like the way you scream Yelllla 
Cuz, you be sweatin' so hard. You need three or four towels 
I tried to shoot you in yo head. I wanted to see some 
Bloody bread. Somebody in the crowd said 
Girl that boy dead, Fuck Him 
He was a cheerleader anyway. 
You could never play it off ho. You was really gay 
Cuz. You could break yo self, but you can't break me 
Cuz, I'm a real fuckin' lyricst with U.N.L.V 
With, the flow umm Flower. You know what 
From the floor up with the dirt rapper 
I'm, the dirty rap master, I'm comin' to Chop Ya 
With my knock! You out style that I practice 
Like gymnastics', I'm a fantastic static, phonetic 
I'm out the attic with the all black jacket, 
Bringin', much racket, snatch, ya, faggot 
Worse, then that standin' there I say, 
Ho stop playin' with me. 
Cuz 
 
We! Here, stop him in his track's 
Show him that I'm ruthless 
Boom Get Chopped 
We here to stop him in his track's 
Got. To get my motherfuckin' name, 
Boom Get Chopped 
, { 2x }, 
, 
, {, Lil', Ya, }, 
 
How could bitches fuck with 
Million dollar nigga's, how ya figure 
It's all good for you to stroll through my hood 
V.L., throw suspicious rock's at yo, shit and 
If. They had k's they spray and leave you 
Dead as a bitch. What type of nigga want's 
To walk around here in braid's 
What happened to the Chuck's Levi's and the fad's 
Swish blade in my pocket. When I see ya, I'm a cut yo, hair, 
No matter where It's ugly, you don't want to see 
The capital Y-A, get into yo shit nigga, dick sucker, 
Whoa, flippin' motherfucker, Michael Jackson, pretendin' 
You read for vision, go suck a dick nigga 
Reach around the whole Third Hit that ass 
Picture me and you in a two man cell 
You washin' nigga's draw's takin', my 
Dick leanin' on the wall. Now Mystikal you bitch, you 
Remember. When you said you wasn't gon na bow, 
You, disrespected the! U 
 
Criminal minded you been defined, 
As the fakest motherfucker in the Down South area, 
I. Think your goin' through a phaze 
What made ya turn around and talk shit, 
Your rhymes and you personally doesn't fit 
Now wait a minute! Remember that time, 
You got on Soul, Train 
You, got the chance and didn't even represent man. 
You faked the funk actin' like a straight punk 
Check it out. They thought you was like us. 
The motherfucker siked up 
Turned around had a fuckin' glitter glove 
Now. Can you tell me what the nigga here 
Was thinkin' of 
I'm here to stop you in yo track's 
The shit? You do be wack, I'm fat, 
Shit's spittin'. I done all ready, stacked 
Tellin' me that the nation wide 
But. You know that I know 
You don't want the whole nation to know 
You's a Ho fuck. The piece treaty 
You started this where's, my all black clothes and 
My, all black beanie. I play it. Pinnately style, 
Leavin', ya, gutless, leavin', ya, buttless 
We, put together the bomb alarm 
Half this shit. You can't touch this 
You best's to stick to jumpin' around 
Have the area. First down cuz, I'm the hound and 
You. The clown now wipe the sweet from my neck 
Cuz. You ain't nothin', but a bitch 
 
