Both Sides of the Story Lyrics
by Yung Ro.


Much more important than the pain we suffer 
Is our response to the pain I'ma. Let y'all hear 
Both sides of the story. Who'S side. Are you on 
 
Yung, Ro 
Say, where I'm from the days are cold nights are colder 
The streets on fire? Keep me talking to the two sitting on my shoulder 
, so I turned back 
And seconds before I hit 360 
But. The last voice spoke calm, so I here I stand gat in my palm 
But. The other began to speak, louder, 
And. To be honest, I chose the aggressive voice. It was easy 
Followed, any road. He choose, no matter the risk wherever he lead me .
 So I was paranoid so scared to go to sleep. 
 riding through the city mad at the world, invented
my creep 
Seen a familiar face at the club one night just trying to have a drink 
Then. He bumped me and a voice yelled before I could even think 
And. Then I fell to the floor. Shot in the chest. 
Together we layed on the floor felt funny when our eyes connect 
I, saw the pain in his eyes. So I searched for that other voice, fast 
Embarrassed, to ask for mercy or help and heard the other voice. Laugh 
 
How. Do I ease the pain when I know the devil coming back 
You know they say war's inevitable, which is why it is essential 
That. We study it and equip thy selves with the right tools to fight 
So. Grant me the serenity to accept the names. I cannot change 
Courage to change the thangs that I can the wisdom to know the difference. 
 
How. Can I ease the pain 
When. I know you coming after me. 
How can I ease the pain, oooh 
, 
Yung, Ro, 
Dear, Father, I'm having problems controlling myself, 
Rather talk to you, nobody understands so I roll by myself 
On this road by myself, but never neglecting those two footprints 
Cause when I was lost and fell behind, look where Jesus went 
Right in the front and I love him for that and not to mention 
We been chopping some game up. He helping me trying to get it back. 
You know love that is cause. I admit I'm running low 
Trying to ease this pain on my own way, ha that I know 
Foolish of me right, 
But ain't I responsible for my actions and which road I take 
 
I know, but I'm ashamed for being weak and letting the devil always win. 
 man, I ain't, gave up 
Got a few scars and suffered some pain, but ay, I'm a soldier. I play it: tough 
 man, I'm up 
What about my depression and in securities 
And. I believe that, and I need that in my life, just like that Juve song 
But, I weave back cause they feed that negativity yeah. They do me wrong. 
 yeah, you right. Let me stop complaining. 
 man, Lord. It get hard, but I'm just saying, 
I'm a man, so I praise you 
And, try my best to make you proud. What I owe you is more than I gave you 
But, I'm trying to get paid too in this crooked bidness. That'S full of snakes. 
Don'T know what the future hold so lately, your boy ain't been feeling great 
Now. What can I do to stop this pain? I took a look at the sky 
Asked for forgiveness and felt the ease just as soon as I apologized 
 
Pain suffering ha or is it just discipline from God? 
Many try to find out the difference? Who is the author of suffering
 
