Bounce Lyrics
by Run-D.M.C..

Butt: Hey Beavis, eh-heh-heh 
Remember that time we partied with Run-D.M.C. 
Beav Yeah yeah hehhehheh. I took a dump on their bus, 
Hehhehheh 
Butt, No dumbass that was Anthrax, Eh-heh 
I'm talkin about Run-D.M.C 
Beav, Oh yeah, yeah, heh, yeah 
That was fly hehheh. We were illin 
Butt, Yeah.. eh-heh, huh-huh, eh-huh-huh.. 
Beav Me-heh-heh me-heh-heh.. he-heh.. heh.. 
 
 { *music cues flashback* } 
 { *knocking at the door* } 
 
Run Yo, who dat 
Butt Uhh.., we're like from Hollis and stuff uh-huh-heh 
Can. We like y'know, come in 
Beav Yeah yeah heh yeah, I'm from Hollis, too 
Ehheheh yeah eh 
It's Christmas time in Hollis, Queens, 
Hehhehheh, yeah, heh-ehheh, 
Jay, Yo y'all, don't like y'all from around the way 
Butt Yeah man we're like from Hollis uh-heh 
Jay. What street 
Butt Uhhhhhhhhhhhh ... .. uhhhh.. Hollis Street Huh-uh-huh 
Run Yo? That'S Hollis Avenue what street 
Butt Uhhhh like uhhhh ... 
Jay Yo man get out of here: y'all ain't from around the way: 
Stop frontin, {, *Beavis and Butthead laughing* } 
Run Yo man save that man. We ain't tryin to hear that 
Butt Uhhhhhh.. uh-hehhuhheh uhhhh.. 
I'm, like a full fledged member of the Hollis Crew, 
Beav Yeah yeah hehheh, I'm a full fledged MEMBER 
Ehehehhhehheheheh 
Run Aight c'mon in yo c'mon c'mon, 
Jay, Aight, yo c'mon, that's cool 
, 
, { *door opens to Let them in B B, laughing* } 
 
Beav Heheh, hey, Run check this out. Hehehheheh 
My name is D.M.C. the all time great 
I bust, the most rhymes in New York, State 
Butt, Huhhuh, eh-hehuhuhuh, 
Run, Yo, chill chill money, 
Butt Yeah, CHILL Beavis.. ehehhuhhuh, dumbass, 
Beav, Hehe, heheh, yeah, heheh 
Butt. So, like uhh.., are you guys gon na like kick it old school 
Beav, Yeah, yeah, heheh yeah? Kick IT KICK IT KICK IT 
Jay Yo we gettin ready to break fool money. 
Butt Uhhh... Can we have some money, Uh-huhuhuhuhuh 
Beav, Yeah, yeah, eheh, yeah, 
It's hard to rock a rhyme, It's hard to rock a rhyme 
Run? No, no! No 
Jay, Nah, nah 
Run! It'S tricky! It'S TRICKY to rock a rhyme 
Butt Yeah dumbass 
Beav Shut up Butt-head. You can't rock a rhyme 
Butt. No, but I can kick your ass 
 
 { *fight breaks out Beavis yells butthole and cut it out. * }, 
 
Run Aiyyo chill out for a minute, and let's just do this 
Cool out cool out. 
Jay Word up. Man. Calm down with all that riffraff man, 
Run, Don't be comin around here on all that old, wild man, 
Just chill man 
You in your corner and you in your corner man just chill 
Get up off that old wild man, 
Butt Beavis started it 
Beav, Oh yeah, eh-heheheh, Heheheheh 
Butt Yo Beavis you're ruffing up my Walker, Wear 
Beav, No way: Butt-head you're wrinkling my fresh gear, 
Hehe hehehehe. This is cool heheheh 
Butt. Are you guys, gon na, like Slam or like 
Get out your seat and Jump Around a-Jump Around 
Beav Yeah yeah heh yeah? Like 
Like Slam, SLAM Duh-DUH-DUH DUH-DUH-DUH DUH-DUH-DUH 
Run Yo Beavis slow, your roll man 
Jay. This ain't Jump 
Run. This ain't Slam 
Jay The name of this record - is Bounce .
 .
. 
 
This is the way.., the way.., the way.. 
Everybody, just BOUNCE cut by Jay 
 
Run 
I open doors, take a pause doin tours then I come again: 
Run'll be runnin up in the spot cause I be runnin 
Dem seen dis now, DJ Run'll be comin. 
And gettin fiendish, my tracks are fat and in fact, 
It's not just a lean dish. Your soup and salad, not valid 
I serve a mean. Dish.. mean dish... 
I got my mic in my hand, and my plan to come. 
The official DJ rapper name is DJ, Run 
All other sucker rappers boy you're. Just my son, 
All wet behind the ears. I freeze, I froze you're numb 
PUMP PUMP. I scream on you, you talk and talk. 
Pump PUMP Run you round the track, then walk it off. 
So check for me take in a weapon and even steppin 
To my foes. Even those of Joe's, are always kept in 
Seperate rows. Broken nose from blows ruin your rep 
When. I pounce all my foes suppose I swing the ep. 
And just BOUNCE 
 
This is the way.., the way.., the way.. 
Everybody, just BOUNCE cut by Jay 
 
D.M.C. 
My name is D.M.C. the one you know, 
The all-time great I'ma steal the show. 
I put the mic inside my hand, 
And spread a funky rhythm all across the land. 
I blow your mind. The rhyme'll flow 
I hit you with the rhythm and they give me dough 
I'm one of a kind. I rock your mind: 
I'm stingy with the digits when I rock my rhyme 
I bust, a vein inside my brain 
I came with the name, and I claim the fame 
I'm hard to the core wicked and raw 
The rhymes break raw when I'm breakin your door. 
I kick a ill style cause, I'm sticka-still wild 
Take-a take-a chill now cause. I got to kill a foul 
Foul-mouthed, sucker knockin out all doubt 
I'm takin suckers out cause. I make a sucker bounce. 
 
This is the way.., the way.., the way.. 
Everybody, just BOUNCE cut by Jay 
 .
. BOUNCE 
, 
Run 
I got no time for the climb. I'M the kind to rhyme 
There's, no sign of my mind, slippin off the line. 
And. If you find there's a dime, I left behind 
I come fast for my cash. I must rewind 
Easy. Does it Run'll? Do it speakin fluid vocabulary? 
Vocal we makin em, come to it then I have you very 
Often. Lost in Run'll run a boss, then 
Confuse you lose you're all lost up in the sauce 
Then. I stir you, sir you're all shakin cause, I'm diesel, 
Drop, hip-hop and then POP goes the weasel, 
Comin and runnin and seekin daily. For my kingdom 
Takin my lyrics at first, they hear it. Then they sing them. 
I, take a sucker and do em the heads I flew em 
First I chew em. Then I school em and sue em and steppin to em 
Is a daily operation. I ruin all those I'm doin 
I pursue em, make em boo and come to you and your crew 
And just BOUNCE 
 
This is the way.., the way.., the way.. 
Everybody, just BOUNCE cut by Jay 
 
