Boys R Us Lyrics
by Swoope.


I was dreaming of a past.
Yeah, little kids in the house.

I don't wanna grow up.
I'm a big little kid.
I'm a never grow up.
It's the toys of the world for these boys and girls.

Man, what i need to grow for.
I'm doing big things.
Oh, my whip game, crazy, insane.
Tonka is the truck yo I'm sitting on them thangs.
And I can't hold my neck up because of this big chain.
So what this big chain is keeping me enslaved.
Rather have that then Bengay as my sensei.
Mmhm, kicking it can't worry can't 'bout worry champagne.
Boy I got them splits lit my joints inflamed.
Bottles at the club I ain't talking Similac.
Taking shorties to the crib for playtime then a nap.
You say I'm too childish, so juvenilish.
Because if it ain't about that cash money I ain't into that.

Man, what i need to grow up for.
I ain't got no kids.
And if i do got kids man they ain't my kids.
I'm the only kid i got sleeping at my crib.
And I ain't trading in my stylist to be stylish.
I can't be a father.
Because I never one had.
I can't even bother.
Trying to be my son's dad.
So I give my child support monthly through child support.
He can grow to ball like his dad, but get a job in sports.
If he can't catapult.
To win as an adult.
Blame it on his momma because it ain't his dad's fault.
How I'm a show him how.
If I ain't knowing how.
I live too fast to grow up.
And I ain't slowing down.

Man, what you need to grow up for?
Ain't you like 40 homie.
And you still hitting clubs drinking on a 40 homie.
Still on the corner homie.
Getting at your shorties homie.
Man, that's mad corny homie.
Such a sad story homie.
Busy chasing tail but you can't be the head of households.
Most our kids in jail because you ain't there to make a house home.
You ain't there to teach 'em.
To lean on, to feed 'em.
Starving for your discipline but you ain't there to beat 'em.
You ain't there to lead 'em.
So tell me who they're going to follow.
They going to get their core values.
From the dude who's rapping on the screens of the floor models.
Homie that's the truth.
So first they need you to stop reliving your youth.
And grow up.

