Brand New Gold or Inside the Honor System Lyrics
by Two o'clock courage.

I have shooting stars coursing through my veins.
Some days I feel them circulate.
And this is the best I can do to prove it.

It's my whole electric life that makes me, when I just want to be.
Ignited and inspired, in all my blood and electricity.
Have my circuits caught on fire one more time, just one more time but.
It's just my heart half full of energy shaking its weary copper wires.

And I know every one of you feels exactly what I feel, at some time.
And what I feel, I feel can only been described, so far, in my life:.

Serving consecutive life sentences in my silver lined insides.
Here's to hoping we get this done before we die.
And this is the best I can do to prove it.
Lets get this damn thing moving.

I can pound my knuckles in the sand til my blood makes glass, if it helps.
I'd set the air on fire and swallow it in gulps so I can't fade away.
Flatline my vital signs to keep the weight in all my best lines sincere.
So I can say fuck you to all my so called friends who bailed on me this past.
year.

And I know every one of you feels exactly what I feel, at some time.
And what I feel, I feel can only been described, so far, in my life:.

Serving consecutive life sentences in my silver lined insides.
Here's to hoping we get this done before we die.
And this is the best I can do.

Me and the rain collective.
Working hard to have our say.
In a way, in some way.
I need to believe in you just to believe in me.
No pressure or anything.
I need to believe in you just to believe in me.
No pressure.

And I know every one of you feels exactly what I feel, at some time.
And what I feel, I feel can only been described.
As fierce platinum shooting stars.
That are coursing through my veins that I just can't contain.
And when I feel them circulate I can't help but think.
I'm serving consecutive life sentences in my silver lined insides.
Here's hoping I get this done before I die.
Here goes nothing, and here's to hoping that I'm right.

