Brand New Day Lyrics
by UNK.


Yo ..., so that's how it goes down. 
When, I'm beat'n down yo' block 
Ay this for all the haters 
E'rybody, who didn't think I was gon', make it y'knahmtalkinbout 
 E'rybody, who was down with me 
All my friends, all my family, 
From hood to hood from my hood to yo' hood 
A-Town stand up yo. It'S a brand new day, 
We gettin new money. My nigga check me out: 
 
Yo, hey, hey, hey, hey, 
, 
Hey hey~. Okay. Now here we go 
Swevin on 24's blowin on plenty'dro, 
Hey, hey, I came and stole the show 
They thought thet. I would blow - and now I get dough 
Every day day, I'm on the radio 
I got that killer flow. Now everybody know 
My name, name: name: 
Hey, hey, hey, hey 
, 
Unk 
Nobody in they life thought I'd. Go this far. 
My momma kept her faith, so I pursued as a star 
Now what I say be real. My whole life now has changed 
It's money to the bank. My lil' girl got everythang 
And. Now we movin up like Weezy and George 
I might of spent some shit. I used to couldn't afford 
And. Yes, I rock it all dedications to my dawgs 
And, all my friends who stayed down wit'cha boy man this for y'all 
I. Let the people see how it can be done. 
They watchin end up scopin interceptions, so I run 
Now stay up on yo' grind! That'S what the big man say. 
I told that as advice, I'm shinin everyday 
Now. They hear my name like wait. I know that's DJ. Unk 
They feel me in they speakers, I'm bumpin in they trunk 
I'm beatin down yo' block, keep you bouncin in yo' seat, 
Top quality. My sound DJ Montay on the beat 
DJ Montay on the beat 
 
Unk 
I'm DJ Unk, be cool, be calm and copacetic. 
These niggas out here flexin, I told them they ain't ready, 
Now. What'S the competition they squares just like frames, 
I barely here they songs. I barely here they names 
And. I hold my head up high blowin kisses to the sky. 
R.I.P. Grandma Bell, love! You! Grandma ain't forgot 
Nigga. Now the world's gon' see how it's supposed to go. 
If ten was at the table. Five had to go 
And, that's just how it go. I soaked up all the game. 
We brought it to the world. Big Oomp baby do yo' thang 
Got diamonds. On my neck, the neck match the ear. 
The ear match the watch. The watch match the gear. 
And this'll be my year, Big Oomp. We let'em burn 
Put that in yo' blunt and smoke it you live and you learn. 
Now straight you like a perm, I'm so strong as a bell 
When my Uncle Walt come home. We throwin fo's in the air, 
Throwin fo's, everywere, 
, 
Unk 
You, see I'm on a mission. Success is how it happens. 
Yo' boy at Fredrick Doug' I soon well saw what's happenin 
Before, there's fingers snappin. You see, I paid my dues 
Every flier, that you seen DJ Unk on 1's and 2's. 
Two thousand is my crew. Just a lil' bit of my past 
Now see he put me on Big Oomp. I meet at last 
Admit it it's a blast. I met up with the camp 
Now go on and bring it back. I got the heart of a champ, 
These niggas say they vets. They only gettin, slimmer, 
They lookin good for breakfast. I ate them up for dinner, 
I shoots them in they. Center put some holes in your tummy. 
I came through bein hard niggas froze like the money. 
Then money started comin the hoes started, shakin 
The collar got to poppin the haters start, hatin 
Some be congratulatin. I looks'em dead in they eye 
DJ Unk Southern style, Big Oomp Records. Let it ride 
Big Oomp Records, let it ride. 
 
