Breath Lyrics
by Sweatshop Union.


Did you want the house, the dog, the white picket fence.
The wife with three kids that helped your life make sense.
The friends, petty trends, the mercedes benz.
Keep the picture on the wall but its all just pretend.
I thought I had it all figured out.
But time's an empty hole and it becomes filled with doubt.
Born a man, hopin to become the boy.
Lived a life, only to be destroyed.
From birth to death, the baby's first steps.
Didn't affect the purest state that we have left.
Best to start slow though pressure becomes past.
The innocence is lost and ignorance grows vast.
It all happens so fast when you're facin to the wind.
You better count the chips before its time to cash em in.
Cuz by then you'll realize that you've lost your drive.
While workin a 9 to 5 until you turn 95.
Sick and tired, know why its time to quench the fire.
While speakin of how you felt you can call yourself retired.
The live wire is dead, left quiet as kept.
It's the birth, the death, the old man's last breath.

Immersed in a search tryin to quench our thirst.
If I only learn one thing, its the truth hurts.

Immersed in a search tryin to quench our thirst.
And if I only know one thing, its the truth hurts.

I am but a reoccuring cycle of light.
Bound to this physical vessel until I reach the afterlife.
And I might escape as my soul is undressed.
I'll fall through all the answers that I saw this time press.
Wait and find a different person staring in the mirror.
Left to pull my life together from the pieces of a stranger's dream.
A vague haze of past days last breath, sun sets, same story, new day, next.
scene.
It's just bickering energy trading places.

The soul's eternal but the body soon wasted.
Walk into the new light as the past is slowly faded.
I'm falling from earth, return through rebirth.
Carry body, open wings, a freedom far from all the hurt.
So when my cycle's complete, I'll return to innocence.
With nothing else to guide me but the traces of my inner sense.

Immersed in a search tryin to quench our thirst.
If I only learn one thing, its the truth hurts.

Immersed in a search tryin to quench our thirst.
And if I only learn one thing, its the truth hurts.
It would all make sense livin life in revers.

