Bring The Boom Back (Flow On Sofas) Lyrics
by TyC // 95 KiD.


Style of the 9 I'm high by so far 
Riddle on the rythm. I flow on sofas, 
Herb, weed Kush and edibles 
Hung by the feed. I dun push incredible 
No cheese in my mail, 
Niggas gon tell me Im dun. With my fail 
But I got a dream and a story to tell 
Hell Oh well. I guess I bid farewell. 
Let me get back on my boondocks 
Watching. The DOOM talk 
Feeling like Riley, aiming guns at your 2rocks 
Let, the boom rock do a moonwalk 
Psycho like Michael you, too, blocked 
Entertainer You, a hater, 
Don't wan na be an anime 
Payed as a waitor. 
\- Want to be a better man. 
\- wan na be a saint 
Want to be another man 
Than a skin paint 
This, be my Pedigree 
Mind of Serenity, 
Colors, I'm blind to identity. 
Other sounds of the chemistry 
Spillin on the page. While the judge speaks a penalty. 
 
The FBI wants me skills. No shit 
I make em see through mists. They know which 
Which is the right and which is the left. 
Bump up your speakers. We teaching those left 
It's about the old school. Don'T tell me, I told you 
You bold fools with no flow and no jewels. 
No food produced no swing and no boom baps 
So. What I do stay ruled to bring the boom back. 
 
This is be the score for abstract explosions, 
LSD minds who smell bleach roses 
Yes. He be guided 
By minds who drink potions, 
Close your eyes and find a new motion. 
Having me pulled by the gravity: 
See analogy: fools duel at acadamies, 
I'm, a fool, give food and get stool anatomies 
Cruel calamity drown them inside pools in sanity. 
I Silence, dem‘ with Silencers 
Sniper is silently sniping. Em down with slight lences 
I write senses not lyrics. These be unexpressed 
Another brother in a civic, ryhming underdressed 
I just guessed I might fetch fly - sticks 
Yes. I stay blessed, not stressed. 
Other Mc's get fletched at 
Terrier yo, where my man Rex at 
, 
Word to pico out in Puerto Rico, 
Buenosico leave the sicko psycho 
Strive out to the people. I stay medeval 
This illegal, I rhyme styles. The FBI want no sequel. 
 
The FBI wants me skills. No shit 
I make others see through mists. They know which 
Which is the right and which is the left. 
Bump up your speakers. We teaching those left 
It's about the old school. Don'T tell me, I told you 
You bold fools with no flow and no jewels. 
No food produced no swing and no boom baps 
So. What I do stay ruled to bring the boom back
 
