Broad Factor Lyrics
by Quasimoto.


I know you're tired of dumb shit so check this here, 
I see the neck-breaking butt-shaking freaks of this year, 
Yeah so peep the steelo of how
it go 
Your neck. Turning cos, your head already know: 
So pass that -- -- and watch Quas dip fast. 
And have honeys back of the jeep catching whiplash 
Backs, so fat. Have you all on smile 
Take, my dip to the motel. Do things that make you raise your eyebrows
 
I'm coming soon y'all about to get -- -- 
So hit that poon, but protect your d -- 
Eject wrong. I'M still stabbing with my prong 
I, be blowing up lots you'd think you were sitting on a nail, bomb
 
Stay on and keep rocking. Please 
I feel sorry for them. Blind men, they ain't seeing these 
Acting, we roll with bad tens or basics 
After. I'M done! I pass her off to the next faces. 
 
She got your head. Turning cos, she knows her backs. Is fat 
Shake it up like this, and a little like that 
She got your head. Turning cos her face ain't, wack 
Move on like this and then like that. 
She got your head turning. She look like a snack 
Now, it's on like this and then like that 
She got your head. Turning cos. Her backs is fat 
Shake it up like this and then like that 
 
Them backs pack energy like nuclear reactors. 
My name is Lord Quas, and this be the broad factor 
After. She soon choose me I'll. Take a toke, 
I'll, -- --, your girl here or over there a million strokes, 
No jokes. I see tan lines and start aiming mines, 
That girl's. So fine, a hundred dumb niggas in line 
Bumped into my old ex-girl. Now we blending 
Menage a trois, don't say jack, then walk quiet like a ninja 
I enter freaks. So you should expect 
To practice yoga. So we can get the other postions set. 
You got sexed up and guess what I'm the one that hit it 
You won't neglect it cause my jim, be employing paramedics 
I, get it yeah and it'll stay that way. 
I know you'll be back. You know. I got some dimes on layaway 
And I'll, be here. Freaking fly honeys that make you sweat, 
Do me a favor and tell your girl that I ain't finished yet 
 
