Broke Dreams Lyrics
by VNCHY.


Broke niggas, but we soon to be rich.
Don't know any other person more suited for this.
Dreaming of hitting tours, when all these women are yours.
You can't help but think dirty, as if you were doing chores.
Oh lord, I want the chain, pussy and the fame.
Only used to seeing change, these people remain the same.
We started getting noticed they claimed I was acting strange.
Everything I ever gained was at the price of a major pain.
Daddy was a preacher, first he was a boxer.
Struggle was a given man we never had an option.
Momma held us together like brackets within a function.
Taught to first listen, and only speak through action.
Older brother in college, the other wasn't that social.
The middle child, wild, but unmatched in my vocals.
Started out locally, venomous potency.
Spitting like a cobra, even older niggas learned from me.
Overcome my age, it's more than just a phase momma.
I'm not deranged I was born for that stage momma.
If they talk shit its all good, we can bring drama.
And that's my word, have your jaw to the curb.
Displaying my life in verbs hoping y'all can observe.

I'll have em shaking like a white woman clenching her purse.
I'm striking a nerve.
But man everything's got a price to be paid.

Knew that I could fight through the rain.
Look at all the shit I overcame.
I'm committed to the pain.
X2.
Seduced by the lights and the fame.
Friends getting dropped for the game.
Girl falls second to this thing.
I'm committed to the pain.
X2.

Dawg I'm bad to the bone marrow.
I'm striving higher than a gold medal.
Been holding shit down heavy.
They thought I was made of all metal.
Yet I stay higher than a falsetto.
A rebel without a cause.
Of course I have my flaws, but are they any different from yours.
The very same reason they put Jesus in charge.
Is the very same reason he got put on the cross.
That's the very same reason bitches calling me boss.
Faith in the cause I had never been lost.
Since my vision had em giving me a round of applause.
Thinking bout it before y'all thought I would fall.
Not at all, never ended in a draw, son.
Promised I'll make it before my times done.
How come, they dare to think they can outrun.
My whole clan man.
You don't understand.
Everything's got a price to be paid.

