Broke No Mo Lyrics
by Yung Massina.


Niggas think we rap just for fun. 
Niggas think we trap just for fun 
Boy. We do this shit for the funds. 
I ain't going broke, no more 
I ain't going broke; no more 
I ain't going broke; no more! No no 
My ex girl say I got a son, 
My lil cousin say he got a bond 
So. I got to get the job done. 
Don'T wan na sell dope no more 
But. I ain't going broke. No more 
I ain't going broke, no more! No! No !
 
Said fuck the rapping route. Now I'm in my trapping house 
And I got them rocks in the water nigga Patrick's house, 
 Got ta, get this package out. A nigga need shelter, 
The way, I'm whipping ‘caine man. I should've been a wrestler 
I'm ‘bout to get the M's like I'm bringing back Mecca 
Making moves on you, squares ‘til, I'm king, like Checkers, 
It's, Def Jam Vendetta. If a rapper wants mine 
I, don't like Kevin Love, wolf tickets, I ain't buying 
Some of ‘em ain't lying ‘bout, burying niggas 
But. Half of ‘em are like the letters in mirror 
Me, I'm very official them. Niggas flexing, like they selling bricks, 
They be having sex with dope ‘cause. They ain't sell a bit. 
They say I'm heaven sent, but still I give ‘em hell. 
I fell off and came back like a lizard's tail 
And. Now I'm getting dimes wet like a wishing. Well, 
Feel, like it's my time next nigga wish me well 
 
As a youngin'. I was taught never change and 
Always put your circle. First, like hangman 
Any life. I bring in make sure that we got ties. 
‘Cause. I see a chicken when I look into my Pop eyes. 
From outside you can't see. What'S in a thug's head, 
But like Sylvester Stallone, they want to judge dreads 
Shit got me upset watching from the trenches. 
I saw my niggas turn into pussies, like witches 
But. I'M 100 miles per hour on the road to riches. 
This shit is in my genes, like I boo boo'd in my britches 
A man on a mission. My plan is to get it 
If, I'm lyin', then I'm flying like the grand rapids griffins 
Heard victory, delicious I'ma. Warm me up a plate. 
Never take another L unless it's Varner on a date 
Condo on the lake sparking the purple, 
 
