Brooklyn-Queens (Remix) Lyrics
by 3rd Bass.

Mc Serch Real cool.. 
Brooklyn's in the house, 
Brook Brook Brooklyn New York, 
Brooklyn's in the house, 
 { *Richie, Rich Brooklyn*, }, 
, 
Real cool.. cause Brooklyn's cool 
Friday doin the last day of school 
Girls steppin to the mall to swing 
Settin up dollars for their summer. Fling 
Cars on the avenue create gridlock, 
And. There'S girls like MAD at the bus, stop 
Not waitin on the bus, but waitin on the cash flow. 
Fellas are laughin gassin the past ho 
Girl steps to me and pushes issue 
That knot you got is that money or tissue 
Feelin on the bulge thinkin? It'S her own 
I tell her that it's money and she should move on. 
She says she's pure from her legs to her thighs 
And. We should talk over some chinese and fries. 
I tell her to step, but hey. That'S the scene 
Cause. She ain't nothin.., but a Brooklyn Queen 
 
We are looking for'Brooklyn'... 
We are looking for the.. Brooklyn-Queens 
 
State, the rhyme borough of Brooklyn 
Otherwise known as Crooklyn 
Freaks fortify flesh with gold. 
Ears hang trunk in a slave hold 
Walk past. Don'T get the time of day 
Played like suede on a summer sway 
Conversated till I made her laugh 
Said, I'm Pete Nice... You want my autograph 
Oval Office closed as she heard this 
She said From 3rd Bass. I could do this 
Listen closely. Slowly took a swig of intoxicants, 
Cause the Brooklyn Queen's, a gold digger 
 
Squared away... With my digits and tonight's plans. 
When, I feel a crab grab my right hand 
Slapped her on the back, tried to calm her 
Asking her Now. What'S the reason for the drama 
Her next move was straight out of textbook 
Haven't. We met before Giving me a sex look 
Yo Wisdom. Your lyrics are in bad taste 
So, I'm forced to give you nothing, but the Gas Face, 
You, better, go for hoppin on the cab or bus, 
Cause, you're, downtown and you're. Simply too fabulous. 
But get this ain't. This a humdinger 
She stepped to a retard sportin, a four-finger ring 
Somewhere in the skin tight jeans, 
I'm gon na scoop, the best of the Brooklyn-Queens 
 
Brooklyn's in the house, 
Brook Brook Brooklyn New York, 
Brooklyn's in the house, 
Brook Brook Brooklyn New York 
Brooklyn's in the House 
Brook Brook Brooklyn New York, 
Brooklyn's in the house, 
Brook Brook Brooklyn New York, 
Brooklyn's in the house, 
 
Last exit to Brooklyn I enter 
Carefully. The Queen holds my scepter 
Gettin numb like a Derelict on scotch 
I'm Dick Lewis cause baby. I'M watchin you 
Scheme on a brother for a knot, 
To choose between the have and the have-not 
Do. You doubt the shade of vanilla, 
I'll play Elvis and you play Priscilla 
Oh he's no hero better, yet Billy Dee 
Advertise, cheap liqour for a fee, 
A Brooklyn, Queen rushes Russell Simmons 
That's like Tyson rushin, Givens, 
 
Brooklyn's in the house, 
Brooklyn's in the house, 
Brook Brook Brooklyn New York, 
Brooklyn's in the house, 
Brook Brook Brooklyn New York, 
Brooklyn's in the house, 
Brook Brook Brooklyn New York, 
Brooklyn's in the house; 
Brook Brook Brooklyn New York, 
 .
., {, *long, interlude*, }, .. 
Brook, Brook Brooklyn New York, .
. 
Brooklyn.., { *echoes to fade* } 
 
