Buckle Up (dirty) Lyrics
by Z-Man.


Vocal chords stretched.
Breakin every bone in the beat.
Fuck a Source.
My shit is five mics on the street.
Z-mainey, onions on my breath, make you cry.
You know the skinny guy, covered in flies, expectin to die.
Knockin out gangstas with one punch and drank punch.
Fuck a thugs life my life is what you dream of.
Your girlfriend's a nigger lover in case you haven't noticed.
She's the dopest, her mind is open floatin' like fish.
Off of one hit of the spliff, three margaritas.
My seÃnorita's full of tequila.
Tryna reach us but we at the bar drinkin free beer and eatin peanuts.
Dank supply lookin mighty low we need to re-up.
Be up, to another bar there's like six of us.
Two AM on the nose and can't get rid of us.
Damn, them blunts got your breath smellin like shit.
Damn, I took about a half an hour beer piss.
Hopped in the Land.
Your girlfriend was drivin'.
Drunk drivin', crashed into a pole an I was flyin' through the windshield.
Landed in the bushes.
Woke up an hour later, still in the bushes.
Crawled out the bushes, didn't see no car.
Didn't see no witnesses and walked hella far.
Fractured my arm, and didn't even notice.
Woke up the next day like oh oh shiit!

I'm drinkin Rossi and vodka in the shower.
Hopped out, drank some jin and juice and got some olives.
Out of the fridge to make a dirty martini.
I threw on Fleetwood Mac and ate a weed brownie.
I'm peepin to gurp, the phone rang and it was Head.
Head said he comin' through with Slim and Red.
They got drank so I wait.
Throw on some gear and got draped.
Cause we ain't fittin to kick it over here all day.
This is Frisco.
Chewin on a veggie burrito.
We at Slim house burnin weed the record hit the needle.
And we vibin', sample that shit.
I had to bounce to get another 40 ounce.
I am so gone.
Weather outside is fillin' snow cone.
Kids get they smoke on.
Brotha put your clothes on.
Pass me the Cisco.
Orreee thats my rellie.
Rollin in his Chevy with his girlfriend Becky.
Hopped in the back seat and said wassup Kelly.
They been on gurp all day already.
Drinkin on a 40 burnin chewies to the music.
Lookin at the red light, no don't do it.
That's what I was thinkin', should've said it when we crashed.
Flipped 6 times, and we spittin up glass.
I lost 3 teeth it all happened so fast.
Homie and his girl were in the street bleeding bad.
I was in the front, twisted up seeing stars.
Kelly cracked her head open, and broke both her arms.

I'm from the city where the Chinese be drivin' ill.
With the combination of young kids gettin killed.
In they automobiles.
Funerals are filled, with everybody that you loved.

