Build Not Battle Lyrics
by Viva Fidel.

Written &amp; Performed By VIVAFIDEL.

Build Not Battle.

we conversate , contemplate ,see love dont wait and love dont hate.

Speak from ya heart and take a deep breath.

Lets come to an understanding and stick to our planning.

In so many ways we communicate to keep our frequency tight.

On ya darkest days you can use this as ya light.

We eye to eye cussing and fussin.

When emotions take over just dead the disscussion!

Somebody bound to say something....

See, words so powerful like my classic quotes.

When we sit down and talk it sound like classic beautiful music notes.
....

The keys to peace ,.
listening to each and every word.

Its nobody's business but guess what I heard.

We gone build not battle.

Cause all that is is just a waste of time, if it take ten hours or ten.
minutes just speak your mind.

And be civilized then keep it movin.

Everybody so quick to fight then get to shootin.

We stop talking to our neighbors and keeping up with fam.

Who else you gone call you can't trust your fake friends.

I see'em puttin on that face , thats what it take to stay alive.

People don't even speak , say 'peace', or say 'HI , how ya doin'?

But everybody looking around at our community ruined.

Then niggas get on the mic and spit a fantasy killer life.

Maybe im talking to a wall , or maybe im talkin to my brothers.

They let me one ear , then I drop some jewles before I come out the other.

We gone build not battle.

And its a pleasure to meet you too we can start this off right.

I translate ,intrepretate, state my case by the look on my face.

6 degress all of a sudden turn to 3 when your ideas are expressed to me.

Taking over the table and family meetings.

Soaking up game from the elders , and OGs , then pass it to the young seeds.

Mind detect mind , if you great we probably think alike, some things better.
not brought to light.

Just pay attention to the wisdom, the tradition in my dna.

Rythmn and poetry , bringing things to life.

I buss for therapy and cuss for clarity.

And all we gotta do is unite, unite, unite, yea.

We gone build not battle.

