Bullies (Based Freestyle) Lyrics
by Yung God.

Young man, 15 ,'A' honor role 
No'B's. He could have went to any college that he pleased 
Way smarter than you her and me glasses on. So he can see 
And. He wasn't popular didn't get along with athletes, 
Ride the bus back seat eating by his self. At lunch, 
Picked on every day didn't fight back he'd, take a punch. 
Yesterday. Some bullies beat him up in the bathroom 
Put his head in a toilet full of piss 
Went to the principle, but he didn't do shit 
Next day bullies caught him after school 
Blood drip from his nose and his lips plus he had a black eye, 
Went home And then cried and told God he wan na to die 
People crack jokes in hallways when he walks by 
Deep down a good guy. So he could only ask why 
They didn't like him any party. They didn't invite him 
And. He never said a word. So all the bullies always bite him so hard 
They're, just jealous of the grades on his report card he's so hurt 
Pushed him against the lockers and stole all his homework. 
Star quarterback picking on him so he's stuck now. 
Teachers did nothing just because he's throwing touchdowns 
Young man had enough 
Then. He made his own guns and bullets and swore to God that he would shoot the
school up 
Had a plan get to school around 8 
Sneak through the back door. So nobody could check the gun on his waist 
Young man that went crazy. You could see it on his face 
And. He wasn't born that way. It'S thanks to all the hate, 
The first person that he shot. He didn't even know they name 
Then. He went to every class and shot the teachers through the brain. 
You could tell he ain't the same. You could see it in his eyes. 
Bully saw him with a gun and then tried to apologize 
But. It was only out of fear and he could tell it was a lie. 
They didn't give a fuck about him. They just didn't want to die 
Then. He found the quarterback and said: try to punch me now. 
5 seconds went by 10 bodies on the ground 
Then. He disappeared, quick and his body was never found. 
1 day equals 20 bodies shot in the grave 
Young. Man was so smart. He could have found a cure for AID's 
Potential, never reached fully 
And. It'S thanks to all the bullies. 
I hate bullies
 
