Burn Everything Lyrics
by Voli.


Flash back, pre-game, beer pong and flip-cup.
Power hour, every Snoop song we drink up.
She singing Outkast, dear god I'm in love.
Roomie, I need a hour, don't knock, we in here.
Meet him at the frat party, soda and Bacardi.
Look ma, I did a keg stand without falling.
Jock girls snobby as can be.
She a ten now, let her gain another freshman fifteen, ooh.
Old days young dummies, Sallie Mae shoulda never gave us money.
Liquor store, get my roommate to pay for me.
I can't afford a 40, whats the rate for a 20?
Thought we'd be livin' as All-Stars.
5 years later, saw the varsity point guard.
Tellin at a bank just to pay all his loans off.
He said work sucks, that's a full-time blow job, boy.

Are you stayin? see you later.
I know its true, things fall apart.
You can fade or die with the greatest.
Gather your fuel, so when the sky turns dark.

Raise hell and Burn Everything, woohh ohhh.
Tell em Burn Everything, woohh ohhh.
You better Burn Everything woohh ohhh.
I tell em, Burn Everything woohh ohhh.

Fast forward, Pinot, loafers and sweater vests.
Better vocab, good social etiquette.
Came a long way from Timberlands and Air Force.
Got a little cash and a whole lotta hair loss.
This freedom? This what we dream of?
80 thou wedding and a soulless prenup?
D-list job. with a V6 Kia?
Got me assed out, like the toilet seat up.
No darling, let's live for the diem.
See the whole world from India to Pisa.
Fuck in every city, till my dick gets Visa'd.
Ooh, You're so fine, so fine, misdemeanor.
It's your time, may the best days be the worst days.
Of the rest to the end of your birthdays.
Life worth more than a paycheck, stupid.
I'll match every dollar with the flame I'm fueling, yeah.

Misun:.
Eyo, eyo, eyo, oh ey, oh ey, oh ey, oh ey.
Eyo, eyo, eyo, eyo, eyahh eyahh.

So burn your heart into my soul, ya know.
I've got all my bags packed up and I'm goin to the moon.
Burn it down so if you feel us move, you'll know.
That they're burning everything away, away.

Ohh ohh, Ohh ohh, Ohh ohh.
Eyo, eyo, eyo, oh ey, oh ey, oh ey, oh ey.
Eyo, eyo, eyo, eyo, eyahh eyahh.

Pass it around and burn it down.
Pass it around and burn it down.

