Burn Wit Raided Lyrics
by X-Raided.


What is fear, 
Hesitation excuses, procrastination, 
Justifyin', lack of action, 
This shit is exasperatin', 
Why lie, 
I, probably cry buckets of tears, 
Stagnated stuck in a cell doin' nothin' for years, 
When niggas that have hatred flowin' through they're veins, like plasma 
So, much tension in the air. It'S hard to breathe like asthma 
Knowin' in they're brain 
That. They contribute nothin', but pain. 
But continue to do it because we've been through nothin' but flames 
So, let it burn 
'Til. We in Hell 
With all the niggas that never learned 
Nothin' about love, so fuck everything that it tells 
And. I meant well, but I never had a father that'd spoil me: 
Never educated about faith, patience and loyalty, 
Dedicated my love to the streets, seekin' royalty 
Trying. To be king of the hill, 
Bonny means for real 
 
Kill. Whoever try to foil me. 
Life is a dirty game. 
I'Ll be a writer'til. You story me: 
 
I've, been in Hell, join the militia and BURN wit Raided 
Locked in a cell'til the day. The ashes fill the earth 
Final words before the last gasp. I will return ) x2 
 
What is hope, 
Undenial and optimism for survival. 
Block missions got niggas locked in prison dead on arrival, 
Tryna balance scales before the day that we meet the Lord 
More positive than negative as we wan na even the score, 
Tryna balance Hell and Heaven, but I keep steppin' in traps 
Plus. My melon is black. 
I. Keep in held in them sacks 
I'mma 
 action results in years, 
Trained to slaughter, 
Bellin impacts, drownin', my brain with water, 
Liquor, sick 
Fears of bangin' get washed out with this Sisco 
More beef, fuck peace cuzz go get your pistol, 
Screamin' Fuck life, the penitentiary can't scare A G 
But when they catch you with your hair, fallin' out like
chemotherapy 
Stressed out you was the Locest nigga walk with your chest out 
But. Now you just a broke nigga cause your whole family done check out. 
Hopeless nigga stretched out 
In the pen ready to smoke dope and you step out 
About to go the death route. 
 
What is love, but a manipulator lies 
That's. Why? I'M bangin' and ain't changin' 
This'll be the way that I die 
Strapped to a table sedated with a needle stuck in the vein 
With a lethal injection travelin through the arteries to the brain 
And. I'M evil infected 
People neglected to give a fuck here, 
Papa bust, a nut cut 
Left a nigga stuck here, 
So fuck tears, I'm all cried out: 
Like Lisa, Lisa 
When, I'm hurt I'mma a nigga. Unless the heaters speak up, 
A vile nigga, that'll creep up 
And get the iron of a nigga's streets up 
Leave him stiff, like I sprayed him with starch 
Brave in the heart, 
Like Nas and Mel Gibson 
You can find me in Hell, trippin' 
Holdin Satan for ransom. 
Call God waitin' for answers, 
Tell him! Let us outta here or we'll rise, til Hell's risen 
You can find Lucifer crucified with his tail missin' 
Fuck a jail sentence too claustrophobic for cell livin' 
I'm on a male mission. Dodgin' opponents, whose shells spittin' 
 
 ) x4 
Yeah go .
 
