Bust No Moves Lyrics
by Run the Jewels.


Early morning riser reefer chiefer.
You paid the most but me, I get it cheaper.
Strong rapper reefer, wrap it in a big cohiba.
I get so high I close my eyes and swore that I saw Jesus.
I take another toke and God damn I feel comatose.
I double cup and that's what's up and then I'm leaning fool.
I'm talking any given Sunday, Willie Beamen ho.
My bitch say that I get too high it might kill my brain.
I tell her that she talk too much and she should give some brain.
We used to fuck a lot but now you just fuss and complain.
What a fuckin' shame, hit the door and hit the block.
Avoid the walking dead, the zombies still hunting rock.
My days of wasting time, slanging dimes is way behind.
I'm still tryna be a mover with a Mason's mind.
I will get a mil, ain't nobody taking mine.
You sorry suckers, see you saps at the finish line.
You know I steady grind.

I stay higher than Messiah, I ain't never grounded.
You see them Jewel runners coming, boy we bout it bout it.
We bout that OPP, we diggin' other people's pockets.
Keep it cool, Run the Jewels, ain't no other way around it.
I want the rings and the chains, Run the Jewels.
I want the watches and the bracelets, Run the Jewels.
We at the table eating everybody food.
Invasion of the chain snatchers better not bust a move.

I'm a dummy I'm running with more than fucking scissors.
I'm the Cadillac, of fuck you, back off me you bitches.
You the Cadillac of “Fuck, I just suck at this rap shit.
I'm the Cadillac of Suck it, I'm fucking disastrous.
We the Hardy and Thom of the plant a bomb game.
The lead em all to the mall and set ‘em off game.
You wanna hang like Hussein.
Eat a mile of my shit then put your lips to my true brain.
And get the hash tag #fartnoise.
I used to give a half-fuck, now I just laugh.
I barely blink when it gets bad, maybe I'm crass.
I pull the ducts out my eyes, I don't cry, I just can't.
Killer Mike brought the fire pack.
Light it off the sinners of the city where the riots at.
The living fuck boy eraser.
Carve initials in the wet cement right where you died at.

Who wanna run a summer with the jewel runners?
Got your girlfriend hotter than two summers.
Everybody tough til they see them tools on em.
Then they do a number two in they True Religions.
Lord please don't shoot!, they get too religious.
Truth is we go vicious on these stool pigeons.
Pistol pointed at they missus like I killed these bitches.
We Run the Jewels and we be talking pimpin', pay attention.

Run the Jewels we a bit odd.
We bad news, you barely get a fat chance to slim odds.
You barely get a short plank for long walks, taught like a sawn-off.
No laws when I taught, nah.
And I'm kalashnikov.
spitting.
We always take the time to smell the rose when it wither.
I'd say better luck tomorrow.
But the horror of your life is me and Mike are just beginning.

