Bust On Em Lyrics
by Z-Mane.


We bout to bust on em, we bout to bust on em 
We bout to we bout to we bout to bust on em 
 
Y'all, don't know who you dealin' with 
Mess with me and hurt, is what your feelings get. 
I ain't worried bout, it I don't want no problems: 
Me and my crew man. You know we steady ballin, 
 
OK bustin' on these niggas like everyday 
Old school ridin' like a Chevrolet 
I'm, a real nigga, mane y'all ain't tryna, see me 
Sugar coated niggas. All I see up on the T.V 
Every summer man, I hit'em with another one 
Shinin', so bright man, I'm lookin' like another Sun, 
Been keepin' it G since birth 
While, they all takin' trips to Mars, I'm a be chillin on Earth, 
So, cold, so cold man, a Nigga need a blanket 
Have'em layin' on the ground. Lookin' like they plankin' 
Mess your whole life up. Do it without thinkin' 
Drank in my cup. I don't care what they drinkin' 
Sick with it. You can call me E-40 
Ain't, worried bout. You I'm tryna holla at your shorty 
Bout to bust on'em, have'em lookin' like fools 
When, I'm done they'll be like Z-Mane's, so cruel, 
, 
I'm a killer. My nigga just call me: Jason 
I be murderin' tracks everyday. It'S amazing! 
Swimmin'! In the money you niggas, just in a pond 
I be bustin' on you, lames swingin', like barry bonds, 
Swagga like James Bond, the flow's
so cold. I got frost bite 
Compared to me. They ain't nothin', but dust mites 
And, I'm a great white. They sleepin' with the fishes. 
They got a lot on their plate, then they better do the dishes: 
Timmy Turner, lookin', niggas, always askin' for wishes, 
Like, Westbrook or Durant man, I'm always makin' swishes 
I'm. So screwed up, I should be on Rap-A-Lot. 
Vegeta ain't got nothin' on Kakarot 
Yes, I'm fresher than cut grass 
You stay on my good side. You might get cut last 
If, not then run fast, because we bound to rush 
Z-Mane Royalty and we bound to bust 
 
Now bust on'em, bust on'em, bust on'em 
Naw. I can't trust'em, so I keep a close eye. 
I got wings on the paper, so I let the dough fly 
Don't cry my nigga. Everybody fails 
On that kiddie stuff call that nigga Dragon Tails 
Yeah I'm addicted to the game. Like my boy, Noremac 
Yeah, they say they're gettin' better, but I think they're, more wack 
Come on 
 
We bout to bust. On em. We bout to bust on em 
We bout to we bout to we bout to bust on em
 
