C'est La Vie Lyrics
by Yung Tapharrell.


I almost fell in love with a groupie.
She used to mess with tunechi.
She a red bone like snooki.
She ain't fucking with no rookie.
I'm a pro baller now,.
bitches I be gettin now.
Money we be spending how,.
I made my own cheese without a cow.
Lambo got them suicide doors.
So I ain't worried about no whores.
I got women with no flaws,.
in my backyard with no clothes.
I pick em up, I fuck em up, until I mess their make up.
Then I throw em in the pool.
I am Taph! the black Pharaoh so you better know I rule.
This is what I do, blaze with mamadou.
Sponsership from cola and mountain dew.
Why are all the niggas tryna sue.
I'm the nigga they love to hate, they wish they date.
But they should just appreciate.

I'm here for one reason and it ain't going to prison.
Legalise Polygamy I can't be fucking with one person.
Fuck your attendance I ain't going to the lesson.
Dope Gang is on top of the league so we finna win the season.
So c'est la vie8 times.

She hit me up with the love dovie,.
All I know that she is just a groupie.
She kept telling me I'm the one.
I guess she tryna hit a home run.
She want me to take care of her own son.
Fly them both to my home town.
Ain't this bitch a golddigger, tryna live off a rich nigger.

I never trust these girls,.
they take you for a lame.
Especially when you got that fame.
She call me honey all night, she prolly didn't even know my real name.
She seen the net worth now she wanna be here for a long term.
She say she love me but I don't feel the same.
If you say love again bitch, I will hit you my laugh.
Don't call me honey boo, itch I'm dope taph.
Itch I'm dope Taph, itch say my name.
Itch say my name.

I'm here for one reason and it ain't going to prison.
Legalise Polygamy I can't be fucking with one person.
Fuck your attendance I ain't going to the lesson.
Dope Gang is on top of the league so we finna win the season.
Twice.
So c'est la vie8 times.

She ain't no double D's, she got that cup size.
I ain't got no 2 inch, I got annaconda size.
Stop listening to em lies, I don't tolerate all them cries.
Wipe em tears bitch unless your mama dies.
This is what the pain does.
Girls don't like niggas, does God still make those.
I guess he still does.
They are the ones we call whores.
We call whores.
They are the ones we call whores.
We call whores.

