Callin' Your Bluff Lyrics
by Woodie.

Yoc life or no life, that's the way. I'M livin' 
Northern, Cali style ain't, no bullshitin', yeah, 
Antioch tales up in this
motherfucker and I'mma. Let it be known, 
It, don't matter what town you from there's killaz everywhere: 
 Wan na nut up Sucka, what up Run up punk or shut up 
Cause I'mma put a slug in your lung and have you coughin' blood up 
Cause, I'm fed up with these suckaz Talkin' threats behind my back 
But. When you see me you avoid me punk, you said you gon na snap, 
I ain't no heavyweight, so demonstrate your plan to bust my grill 
I. Guess you heard it through the grapevine that Norteno Woodie kills 
I ain't tryin' to knock your teeth out, I'm tryin' to blow your brains out, 
With, a tre-five-sev I'll leave your skull hollow and body laid out 
It's that Yoc life. That got me like this ain't. No point in me to fight it: 
My veins are pumpin' a virus and I call it homicidus 
For my scrap killin' tendencies: ain't lookin' for no remedies, 
I'm thinkin' of ways to get more straps to execute my enemies. 
The APD, wan na see the end of me. So I got ta watch my step. 
I take back-roads and speak in code. Cause phone calls. They will intercept 
And. I bet they're posted down the block with black binocs 
Stakin' out the spot. If shit gets hot, their scope is on my knot. 
I still plot strategies of dissipating gun powder, 
Hit that block wit, an SK chop
and watch these hollow tips, devour 
 
Best, be able to walk where you talk, don't highside 
Dank and liquor got ya'. Feelin' brave you gon na die 
How. You speak of my death. I'M callin' your bluff 
So before you issue threats be prepared to back it up. X2 
 
That evilness prevails. Can'T you tell follow them. Bloody trails. 
That I left behind you'll find my life is full of wicked tales. 
Dirty deeds fulfill my needs of tragedies to enemies. 
Beggin' me for mercy on their knees before the triggaz squeezed 
Creepin' through the cuts man that Yoc life got me. Nuts 
Got me juiced and gettin', looser than the pussy of a slut 
I'll break you off a fatal shot to show what I'm about 
Don't underestimate cause. That'S how most these fools get taken out. 
A tre-five-sev will spread a
suckaz guts across the block. 
A .22 will break his skull
and rattle up his knot. 
Either way he's gon na die. If my intent is homicide, 
He could have .45 calibers, but only got one life. 
I know you killaz feel me that sickness got me pumped up 
And, sucked up into fatal ways of dealin' with what comes up 
It's fucked up, but that's life and life now days. Just ain't right, 
I'm gon na live behind the trigger til, I'm in my gravesite 
So. If you want me, come and get me suckaz, if you dare 
Yeah, I shot your homiez and you know what I don't fuckin' care, 
Fuck, ya'll and them haters too do or die. I choose to do. 
Norte, sidin', ridin' down your block. Woodie'S comin' through 
 
Best, be able to walk where you talk, don't highside 
Dank and liquor got ya'. Feelin' brave you gon na die 
How. You speak of my death. I'M callin' your bluff 
So before you issue, threats be prepared to back it up. X2
 
