Can't Be Alone Lyrics
by Wrekonize.


Ha ha 
Uh-huh, 
It's, kinda, strange ain't, it 
Feel that separation 
Don't know how to feel 
 
I've been on this rock now too. Damn long, 
I, never thought I'd feel so far away. 
I'M, seeing everything you do all day, long 
Reading everything you've got to say: 
You. Never even gave me a chance to miss you 
I see you out. Sharing everything. You'Ve got 
We, really need to disconnect the picture. 
I'Ll tell you that there's one thing for sure: I'm not 
 
I can't be alone, can't be alone, can't be alone. 
I never knew a world, so big could feel so close. 
I can't be alone. Am I alone Leave me alone. 
I'Ve got all these numbers that I never call on my phone 
Don't leave me alone. Don'T leave me alone. 
Don'T leave me alone. Don'T leave me alone. 
Ah-Ah 
 
I've been drinking at this bar now too. Damn long, 
I always knew the J.D. would be my friend 
That's. Probably why I'm always singing drunken songs, 
I hear'em say: Look Wrek's at it again. 
They take pics and post'em 
I pull the Dylan follow'Clef too close son 
If you need to watch me bleed, I guess that's cool 
But. Take a break from the sharing you do. 
Lord knows that I need one too 
The whole world's gone mad, and it's sad. But true 
That, I've grown to be such a recluse. 
 
Just need some time 
You. Still there 
Wait now 
Nah nah nah 
Come back come back, come back, 
 
Check status of all the baddest 
Ratchets on the atlas using an apparatus 
They can get at us through the line they tappin' 
Since. I know my quirks and bad habits 
What. You need a camera for 
Need a minute need a second instagram or more 
Nothing to say, hey, but runnin and play lame, 
And snap snap, another it's capture from the playpen 
Mikey likes it 
Well. If you knew how the kid felt, then you might be psychic 
Everybody workin' for the paparazzo 
I report, nothin' cause the block been hot sooooo, 
Everybody cameras down 
Look me right up in the eyes and I'mma hand it round 
Set'em up right now, when I be puttin' The mic down 
To have some words with you cause. The future is now 
I. Couldn'T tell you this on the phone 
You needed to know, no matter where you are that we are not alone.
 
