Can't Exscape Lyrics
by Viro the Virus.


The more things change.
The more they stay the same.
We only have ourselves to blame.
Uh, check me out.

Yo, they say you need to get a job nigga.
Quit trying to just rhyme to get by nigga.
I'm like, maybe you got a point, but definitely I've got a joint.
To smoke, and that new joint I just wrote that's dope, boy.
I'm just hoping to stay afloat.
And avoid having my life demoted to a joke.
So I smoke and write rhymes to cope.
Though life blocks my blow I keep the prize in my scope.
And keep charging through.
Without making music my everyday would be nothing new.
And the sad reality I've run into is on the real.
There really ain't nothing else I can do.
Other then bagging up hoodrats there's nothing I'm good at.
So fuck a job app, I just rap.
And fight to make it out the matrix.
Prisoner to my vice and can't escape it.

It is telling me that, I cannot escape.
It is telling me that, I cannot forget.
Just like a broken record.

You're getting my attention.
It makes me weary.

They say love conquers all.
It can launch you skyhigh either or cause your downfall.
And cause the tears to storm like a downpour.
Transform your outlook, make you frown more.
When the lines get blurred between love and war.
Find yourself wondering what you're loving for.
Such a shady thing this lovegame.
Put a pain in your brain that remains like a bloodstain.
Put a scar on your heart.
And when your heart is scarred it's darn hard to keep from falling apart.
So every relationship that I spark.
Already gets off on the wrong foot from the start.
Damn, you see I can't take the loneliness.
So getting spilled when they approach, I don't resist.
Just pray she leads me out the matrix.
Prisoner to my vice and can't escape it.

Hey yo I miss her when I'm not with her.
Please believe she be the key piece to complete my picture.
Every morning begins when I get up and twist her.
Backwoods, Peach White Owl or Sweet Swisher.
Time flies when you're high.
On the couch thinking bout how time flies.
That's why I've mastered procrastination.
And at times I lack drive and motivation.
So unpatient, but that's just me, ain't gon change it.
Weed is what I maintain with.
And though it was my gateway to different trips.
I don't forget my first love is twisting spliffs.
Married to Mary Jane, when life makes me insane.
She carries the weight of pain, yeah.
Help me make it out the matrix.
Prisoner to my vice and can't escape it.

