Caprice Lyrics
by The Underachievers.


Since, my soul entered this armor 
Recollect, my ancient karma 
While, you attached to material aspects, 
My brainwaves extend way farther 
Frequent progress, thats the motto: 
For immortals you unloyal 
To, the scriptures in the soil, nigga 
Elevate, you mind: nigga play your part 
Don't waste. No time cultivated by dark 
See, the wisdom leads to marks from chains from the heart 
But. The man want control. We were chained from the start 
So. I spit hard flows to the natives 
Woke up from a dream and I chose to create it. 
When you smoke outdoors when we on top floors, 
Top shelf blowing, feeling like we made it 
Niggas, always saying that you ain't gon, be shit 
Now, you all can eat dick, but at least get a tip 
Because. I came up from the bottom and proceeded to uplift. 
Niggas hardly get a chance to see it like this 
 Got ta make a shift if
you're trying to make a difference. 
All up to is a better way
of living 
Unlock, the vault you're, a God. Nigga, listen, 
Praise up the lord, though 
Y'all know getting higher every minute. 
And the goal from beginning
 got ta glow in a minute. 
Yeah, Im stoned but Im winning 
Flow will diminish any foe in the business 
Put your soul on my hit list and you're gone in an instant 
Rep that Beastcoast till I die 
Model clean clothes. When I ride 
Puffin green smoke in the sky, 
My team Supreme, I speak no lies 
 
Know if they say that you winning 
Young lord nigga cut down my sinnin 
I still count figures and I still love women 
And. I still bust a heathen head open. If you trippin, 
I'll, knock em x6 
I said knock. Em x6 
Lets go lets, go 
, 
Sar, Ayu, shooting stars, blue moons 
In, the pyramids of Giza theres, a mark for a few 
Im marked from the beast and the crossbearer too 
But the light shine bright in the dark of the moon. 
Open up appetite. I'Ve been starving for food 
Move silent in the night ain't to mark. In my moves, 
I, don't fuck with the Christians, give a pardon to Jews 
Rep the new age in the garden of fruits, 
Adam told Eve, don't eat that crop 
She ain't. Listen now were dealing with a conscious drop. 
Zeus told Pandora, don't open that box! 
She ain't! Listen now we roll to the top 
Prisoner of time, got bars, feared mind 
Raised up in the gutter niggas hunting for your shine, 
But. My shine in my mind. Let me see you take mine, 
Eat, a nigga up mm good lunch time, 
Dry a nigga up like the shores of the Nile, 
Kemetic carnate, reassuring you're, alive, 
Showin', young lords of the gold. That'S inside 
Motherfuck one slice, I'ma slaughter, the pie 
Came for the light, but maneuver the night, 
Angels and demons, they all just alike 
Heaven or hell - got it all in your sight. 
But, you dont know balance, so you lost in the fight 
Live on the left. Think on the right 
See, with your ears, hear with your sight 
Sun bring morning and the moon bring night 
When, you standin the middle nigga balanced life 
New day only blow loud, touche 
Issa in the cut smoking, blunts rolling, doobies 
Clean a nigga top with these bars. No toupee 
Break a lord up bringing light to a screwface 
 
Know if they say that you winning 
Young lord nigga cut down my sinnin 
I still count figures and I still love women 
And. I still bust a heathen head open if you trippin 
I'll knock em. X6 
I said knock em x6 
Lets go lets go
 
