Castlevania Lyrics
by U-N-I.


Smack fire in a nigga like Hadouken 
Ryu, a nigga with a roundhouse kick 
Thawed out; rappers trynna act, all cold 
They vegetables, mixed with whack caseroles 
Chicken of the shades wan na, be your MC 
You empty your PET scroll. Can'T roll with me 
Evidently it ain't hard to see your MVP 
Me inside your punani 
Super pimp on the ho strode 
Your money: don't rise. It'S pita, bread, dough, 
I, rap Doctor Scholls that mean also 
Ya'll get shoot in dirt. Filthy moles 
So get Reese Piece. Talkin' bout swagger 
If, they swore my bus like an actor 
So nigga, who you gon na bitch slap 
When. You fine tuned only crack mike for lips chapped, 
, 
This rap shit, be the code of life. 
It'S like up down up down A B left right, 
This rap shit. We doin' the job, 
Bitch niggas, be like oh, my god, 
This rap shit be the code of life. 
It'S like up down up down A B left right, 
This rap shit. We doin' the job 
Bitch niggas, be like oh, my god, 
 
I hit'em with a Sonic Boom 
Just feed me a couple mushrooms, 
And you'll, see I get a little bit taller 
Ah you can. With the pen tadada you can 
Not defeat. I punch much harder 
Sucker who you think you're dealing with 
Young nigga. I am not your average I'll kill ya. 
Contra gun that I melt ya. 
The mic is a sword, this a game of Zelda, 
I murder, any challenger Soul, Calibur 
Study your moves and I shoot like Galaga 
So, I'm Rainbow Six in first person, 
This famous for miles, will have your soul, hurtin' 
Cave in your whole right side, 
This, shit's, booty Brown nigga stay up on the false side. 
And mic check, chicky-chickedy check, 
Just, a glitch in the game. All I do is reset 
 
Heart of a lion 
Endorse the mic. Don'T resignature signing 
Look dog it ain't, a 2D game, 
I jump out the picture. What you think is the same: 
On searing, three shit with a grizzly grip. 
Call me Smokey. Now we're out til' shit, 
In, the versus mode, you better practice with the CPU to get a permanent
dose 
Basically you're, just a little Centipede to me, 
I'm on top and you living underneath 
I Dig Dug with my S-H-O-V-E 
Take, the L you a basic MC 
Face. It basic before I lose patience. 
Sex your girl under sheets, like racists, 
Just, a little 8-ball, tease, 
Now, I'm off in the sky, with my wings nigga Mario 3 
Peace 
 
