Catch 22 Lyrics
by 69 Boyz.


I had this doll named Red, so dope I eat 
I. Had this nymph named Kim a little sexy freak, 
Bout 5 feet tall, so sweet and petite 
Looking good enough to eat from her head to her feet. 
She grew up on the beach, never hip to the game. 
And fell in love with Red cuz, he sold cocaine. 
You know the kind of nothing went to catholic school 
And did the opposite of what her mamma told her to do. 
Me and my darlin. We was dance too close, 
Played part wan na ball. Together for coach roach 
We hit the same nymphs and wrote the same room 
And. Both graduated from the same high school 
Both went into the game I left and he stayed 
But while I'm screwing record labels trying to get paid 
Red now came up and got it made in the shade. 
With 6 birds a week from N-C today, 
A brand new house that was extra suite 
A Hummer, a Benz and a Lexus coupe 
Around to his crib all times a night 
On the beach clean, watching Tyson fight 
With, his nymph serving drinks in her niglajay 
I meet Everytime Red looked away, 
And that there was grounds to leave 
Cuz playa. Rule number 3 is never disrespect. A man mades squeeze 
Now Red, gets some beef and has a break camp 
I. Thinking that we both about to get fair 
But, he was like dawg stay and watch the fight 
Cuz. I don't even know if Ima make it home tonight 
Cuz he had this other nymph. He was going to hit 
Plus. He kinda wanted me to babysit 
And, make sure face stakes: ain't invade his place, 
Lay a lady down flat and make her open the safe 
He did Tyson wants to hit his decision. 
Keel came in stood in front of the television 
And. I don't know what bun she put 
But it's with the t.v. to a cd or Angela Wanbush, 
Now Red in his hummer bumping Master P 
While his nymph at the crib going after me. 
I wish that his girl ain't loves me so much 
And that my dawg can't trust me so much 
That, where I would feel bad hiting his store, 
On his white leather, sofa that he brought from home 
But. I did it and now that I did it, I felt doom 
Went and took a shower in a guest bathroom 
Got out the shower put on my clothes 
And on the still half bottle on her nose. 
Acting all hype for I was all flossing 
I. Had the miny van back up off me, 
Ran to his room. The safe was wide open, 
Kim right behind me. Hollering I'm open 
You ain't gon na tell me cuz he'll be hurt 
If. He found out that his man squeeze did it to the work 
Besides tell on me Ima tell on you 
And all the freaky stuff that you made me do 
Now I'm dead in the middle of a catch 22. 
Tell me. What would you do? What would you do, what would you do
 
