Cheeba Cheeba Lyrics
by Zion I.

Aceyalone 
Goodness gracious, this place is so spacious, 
I'm, feelin', so live and vivacious 
Blessed with the ancient 
The epitome of gymnastics and bombastic. We blast it with such 
Detail to the touch and back up the bum rush. 
Make'Em hush knock'em out flush, 
Shake'em out their shoes, bad energy blues, 
What rules. Haven'T you heard the news: 
 
Zion 
, It's the boogie man's trance, advancing the expansion. 
Major flavor now engaged with your dancing. 
Crazin' raisin' up the roof, curing cancers 
A whole lot of problems. Nobody but answers 
Gang of killers acting like gorillas, 
Dropped a little math, but you still couldn't feel us 
Rappers acting like drug dealers for the skrillas 
The business with the trash that they claim is the realest 
 
Rock rock man, 
Freak freak man, 
Cheeba cheeba man, 
So, Unique man 
Rock rock man, 
Freak freak man, 
Cheeba cheeba man, 
I'm, a leader, 
 
Zion 
, Who shot Malcolm and put talcum on my tecs 
And, put the ghetto youth on a vex 
Sentence. End with a vengeance street light presence, 
 Wan na be king because we Live like peasants 
Living on a borrowed time'till tomorrow, 
Pray meditate to style like Frida, Kahlo, 
Feeling, muy cansado. Then you should pucker up 
Guaranteed. Just let the G-O-D fill your cup 
 
Aceyalone 
 Beneath the skies where the mountains rise. 
Make the whole world wise, come feel. These vibes 
See, the problem, lies behind your eyes, 
Don't, let your time run short before your energy dies. 
Your persevere is so severe 
Before they burst in here and make it worse in here 
It's, your worst fear. It already hurts in here. 
You can see clear, but you can't get out of first gear 
 
Aceyalone .
 I time travel flip it to a different channel 
Grab the handle ride it and guide it. 
Into, your own private utopia, euphoria, 
Road, warrior! I didn't come for Gloria 
I've come as a courier to give you a note, 
I walked and took a plane, and I sailed on a boat. 
They told me to tell you that we need your support. 
And. If we don't come together, then we coming up short 
 
Zion 
In, the valley of dry bones, I'm gone with Acey- 
Along, my gracy Ju-jitsu, with ponce 
Scatter. Like mics. I like a lot of types 
Flight in the sights the best feeling in life 
Energize. I the eyes to higher heights 
Pass skies where the children sing and fly their kites. 
I'Mma see light the sun. It rise in spite 
All. The stress in my life cause cousin. It'S only right
 
