Chill and Hussle Lyrics
by U.N.L.V..


It'S that nigga of the block call me the hood mac 
Down to make some snaps. So what's the haps 
Do, I need the strap 
Will. Somebody give me a extra clip 
Cuz, I'm a need it. If these niggas try to trip 
They might even try some of that funny shit 
If they do they fuckin' wig, I'm a split 
I'm, a get. My point across cuz, I'm the boss 
Walkin' with my mossed bird double barrel, sawed off pump 
With some soldiers behind me called the Black Connection. 
Bet you bottom dollar we be tighter. Then some bird fly 
You bests to run. If you gun is on safety, 
Be handy with the steel, if you ever try to face me 
Nigga, don't you miss? Because if you do, I'm a retaliate 
And before ya, shut, yo, head and fuckin' face 
Don't get mad because yo tot your'K' from the city, 
Lil' Ya, fa'sho. Just call me the Frank, Nitty 
Takin', no pity leavin' yo city destroyed 
Bustin' down yo door to take your coke and all yo boy 
Then. I leave the scenery, my pockets full of greenery 
Blood on my back and no more bullets in my mac, 
Watch yo back nigga 
 
Parley is cool and ok 
But I rather chill and hussle 
I break it to them easy fit the pieces to the puzzle. 
Parley is cool and ok 
But I rather chill and hussle 
Nigga. We got dem flippers for that ass 
, {, 2x }, 
, 
Like, Black and Moe. I got this shit sold 
Cock diesel by my side, another homicide, 
I'm back up on the scenery, ya bitch, you 
I'm from the third. U. N. L. V. who the hell are you 
Now? If you think you can beat me to the draw faw 
Try? Yo luck because I'm a mover in the U-Haul 
Yo ass in trouble when I plot and get there on the double 
Ain't nothin' shakin', when the real nigga hit the block 
Fully, auto amo aimin' at you non stop 
Slickie Grease! I got yo draws down, 
I'm pased. Once I'm comin' back around to act, a clown, 
No freakin' out, because I'm used to this bloody streak, 
Everyday and all night, I keep my heat 
Don't, give a fuck. I play it real as it fuckin' go. 
I ain't! No hoe! I spin the bin. Lettin' bullets flow 
Now. Can you coke with the gate like scope, nope, 
I, ain't, no joke see, I'm straight downin' folks, 
I'm on the real with the bill. Fifty loc song 
I put my stop to all you wan na bee's instantly 
Then I vanish hangin' with the Spanish 
I'm ducked off I'll, be right back at you. 
I'M here to stay now, bitch, you, like a statue, 
Ya see I'm dumpin' bullets. If you try to disrespect, my set 
I beat I'll leave yo ass, wet because I'm in a affect 
With the mag. Ninety spittin' at you and yo crew 
Comin' to down you quickly, try'na get rid of you. 
I catch a drain, put yo ass in pain, 
Fuckin' with the Yella another unsolved slang. 
I come to buck you down, because I'm a fuckin' clown, 
The black is in a position that it's supposed to be in 
As, I spin the bin once again 
 
Niggas. I got that flipper bigger den, the big dipper 
We blowin' up slangin' this motherfuckin' gangsta shit 
We be rockin' up slab have the money in my hood 
Keep. It good protect the money that you make. 
You bitch niggas can't fade what we put together, 
No matter, the weather I be ridin' around with 
That four-four in my leather 
Two extra clips to make sure yo bitch ass, flips 
So catch the cut 
Nigga, what's happenin' with all that gafflin' 
Get ready for strappin', because You know 
I'm bout, that action daddy, ok, today, 
I take a ride. With my AK. 
Somebody don ratted out my rock shop 
And told the cops my chillin' spot 
Where. I hang at my Reservation, 
Jeopardizin' my probation 
But. I got to hussle to keep my shit tight right 
If. It means I have to walk the streets all 
Motherfuckin' night. All my hommies are out 
Enjoyin' there selves, 
I'm slangin' rocks in the motherfuckin' Meplh 
Now, let's elevate a take it to another level, 
Work it off. The beeper flowin' from my nigga Keith 
Use, the code that I give you hit me. I'M a hit. You 
Now picture me ballin'. The emenies around me 
Waitin' for me to go down. 
Player hater's are created by the hour. 
Dope deal gone sour 
Replace, the yae, with the flour 
Break a quarter key down. I can't fuck with that 
Give a nigga ounce of that furl and I can fuck with that. 
I would love to go out and parley with my homies 
Today, but I got's to pay bills and tomorrow's the First man 
 
