Church Road Lyrics
by Wrekonize.


This is the genesis, this is church road.
Raising up a flag with no colors of it's own.
Find yourself a place that you'd be down to call home.
I'll be on the first plane over in the morning.

And what an evening to even be breathing reason.
With demons who creep in legions.
It's a nightmare but I still just call it a dream.
Soggy handshakes it's all been part of the scheme.
So smile child this is wild style when it was all about covering bases.
My skin is covered in memories that's faded.
So fuck the ones that's say it's only running skin deeper.
I been digging codes up out the pose of Mona Lisa.
For like 15 seconds my record is.
29 and.
Zero times reclining I'm a vocal chauffeur riding.
Where you wanna go I'm pretty sure my drive accommodates you.
I'll take ya to the nature trail won't fail to aviate you.
This is London in the fall can't see at all foggy.
Baby with the JD say please that you got me.
83 enter this a different kind of time.
Let's See if we remember in this splinter state of mind.

An what an evening to even be breathing.
Reason with people who see no regions.
No boundaries so we return to innocence lost.
The road ain't religious don't resemble the cross.
Or resemble the cost of a billion lives lost.
In the name of a boss who never shows to pay us off.
See some will call it faith it seems to me like slave labor.
This is just a message for the ones who crave greater.
And stay up till way later trying to figure it all.
I do the same and travel back to pick up my calls.
Your first home is precious stones stick to the wall.
Get 'em up quick or they fall this brick is killing my all.
But this grown folk stress new city new problems.
The road is long behind ya when ya always carry solvent.
I sit and dream of all my future homes.
And know they all started at the top of church road.

Yeah, you gotta fight for your right.
Squabble for the rhythm that live amongst the wisdom.
Yet we the descendants of Chuck D.
Put the rebel aside a while back, unpause that.
Wickedness spilling over the church pew.
Look out for karma coming through the drama.
I gave birth to.
And truth be told it's just easier to lie.
But the mirrors gonna point it out when you giving nods.
Just like the wind force leaves that leave the branch.
I'm placed out of position, no matter how firm the stance.

Soon as the tire touch the airstrip.
Now we reach to turn on the vices.
That's the prices we pay for so called advancement.
The call to prayer is put on hold the call wait to dance.
And summon the name of they god to terrorize.
Cause unlike the revolution terror's televised.

