Clint. Lyrics
by XP.


I, don't think they ready for this one ... .. 
 
Sometimes. I feel I'm not cut out for this shit 
All. My frees are wack, I'm just doing written's 
I'm mentally gifted a rap rhyming. Gymnast 
Call me Dizzy, Wright how I'm putting sense in a sentence. 
My flow is precise, ain't got no knife, so I guess this fuckin' 
Spoon will suffice. I'M leaving bitches Filled with oozing delight 
I'm bruising. This mic Kicking heads off of rappers that I hate 
And. Despise ain't got to brain, so I need some advice. 
When. I walk past. I see the fear in your eyes. 
Aaron Webb was only XP's disguise He's barely alive 
A tall drink of water with a side of some fries 
I guess the limit was the height of the sky. 
Any girl who wants me only wants me cause. I'M sorta known 
I'm in the game just looking out for some cheat codes. 
Ain'T peaked, though, can you believe that he's this old 
I hear Macaulay calling to let you know that he's home alone 
Knocking on your door? You know I wish a nigga would 
This that Gorillaz flow, but nah. I don't feel good. 
These, niggas ain't hungry I'll show these niggas real food 
Phili breed dog, I'm a mu'fuckin' real bull 
But. When I raise steel wool, 
Battle rap bars, I'm making wack rappers Feel Good 
Rest in paradise. What'S a pair o' dice to a parasite 
Stop his flow, that's a pair a rights 
I'm dropping bombs like a terrorist 
My dicks like a fuckin' trick, candle got ta blow. It twice 
Asshat falling out on my mama's lawn 
With, a flow that'll Kamakaze Comic Con 
Young nigga and my ego weighs a fuckin' ton. 
Fyc drop in September cause it's the fucking bomb 
Fucking with me. You'Ll get comatosed 
Like your plane 9/11'd, while your phones on airplane mode, 
I'm, breaking more ankles than Jordan yelling iso 
Michael, like I'm bad, though 
Cleaner than some fresco 
Tyrone in his best Volve 
My flow, leave your best cold 
More swipes than a metro 
Sinestro. When I let go, 
These niggas can't write without copying. That'S a kinko 
All, these nigga pardon my back, see that's a mink coat 
I. Let them sit just to show where we stand. 
See I put on a clinic like a mu'fuckin' clothing brand. 
They can't believe I got the world in my hand, 
I'm a beast on the mic, so I must be a gorilla. Damn 
 
I ain't happy, I'm feeling glad 
I got sunshine in a bag. 
I'M useless, but not for long 
The future is coming on. 
I ain't. Happy I'm feeling glad 
I got sunshine in a bag, 
I'm useless, but not for long 
The future is coming on 
It's, coming on 
It's, coming on 
It's coming on 
 
Sheya, ..., ..., XP
, 
