Clique Lyrics
by ViZion.


What of the dollar you murdered for?
Is that the one fighting for your soul?
Or your brother's, the one that you're running from?
But if you got money, fuck it cause I want some.

Yo, ViZion.
East coast, West Coast, North Coast, South Coast.
Overdose.

Ain't nobody messing with my clique.
Clique clique clique clique.
Ain't nobody fresher than my mo'fucking clique.
Clique clique clique clique.
As I look around, they don't do it like my clique.
Clique, clique, clique, clique.
And all these bad bitches, man they want the.
They want the, rude, Teff.

My crew, and my dogs.
Ee run the shit, check your bitches iPod.
And my God, the one you wife off.
Got her under my arm, Right Guard.
Uh, let the Remy flow, and let the merry go.
Round, shit, quit horsing around like a merry go.
In the water sipping wine, that's a miracle.
Only rapper I hear is Teff on the radio.
I'm talking 'bout Barbados.
As far as my plays go.
Seratos, Tornado.
My shit sounds like Plato, your shit sound like Playdough.
This good girl, want a bad boy, she smoke till my J low.
Reefer aura, eyes low like Shikamaru.
Exotic, Rita Ora, either or, I'm sleeping on her.
Right after I beat it up, so bad I need a lawyer.
Fuck that, cause ain't nobody fucking with my clique.

Ain't nobody fucking with my clique.
Clique clique clique clique.
Ain't nobody fresher than my mo'fucking clique.
Clique clique clique clique.
As I look around, they don't do it like my clique.
Clique, clique, clique, clique.
And all these bad bitches, man they want the.
They want the, they want the.

Big up to my clique, 2 4 + add that.
2, 4, like double up, I want it like A$AP.
2 4 like 7 up, day and night we chase cash.
Running like a marathon, and driving with no brakes pads.
Bad bitch, she drop it and she shake ass.
I take her home, bed rocking like a caveman.
I leave my phone, number in the mail.
Xoxo I'm a see her when my plane land.
And we show up.
They show love and we're blowing up.
They know us, we don't pose up, we speak truth like Oprah.
My clique close, like Cosa Nostra.
Starred up, supernova.
We go hard and they're soft like sofas.
So we get it while were here, AR in the.
air.
MDM in the chair, they are nowhere Nair, disappear like hair.
Cause we're really onto something and they really ain't fucking with my.
motherfucking.

Clique clique clique clique clique.
Ain't nobody fresher than my motherfucking clique.
Clique clique clique clique.
As I look around, they don't do it like my clique.
Clique, clique, clique, clique.
And all these bad bitches, they love the.
They love the, they love the, they love the.

Gallest I'm taking over, tell Houston we've got a problem.
Bitches hungry for power, we tease 'em, and then we starve 'em.

Making it big, doing shows from Kensington to the Garden.
Lame ass niggas they calling, cause they wanna party some more.
My clique well known, don't need our names at the door.
Shit I'm taking over the game, you laying over there playing.
Comparing our shit, like what nigga? 'In my mind' is fucking insane.
'My Time' still knocking since February, your new shit not even playing.
I'm repping in booty and running a train.
She give me dome, now I feel like a king.
She give me blow, I'm not talking 'bout 'cane.
Not taking 'bout grades but I'm talking 'bout brain.
I'm talking 'bout clique, I'm talking 'bout shit.
How she do it, calling my name.

Fucking with my clique clique clique clique.
Ain't nobody fresher than my motherfucking clique.
Clique clique clique clique.
As I look around, they don't do it like my clique.
Clique, clique, clique, clique.
And all these bad bitches, man they want the.
They want the, they want the, yea they want the yea.

