Clockz N' Kingz Lyrics
by 60 Second Assassin.

60 Second Assassin, 
60 Sec. in your gut. What nigga? What 
It's the last second and who tares it up: 
The fuck nigga, what Save all that bluff 
You're on life support and I'm the mack truck 
 
60. Second, Assassin 
From the F.A. block to Putnam until 
Rockaway Gladiator, I'm hard to kill 
From the Desert to Medina's how I'm gon' scar your grill 
Somebody. God is real. Let him know, God is real 
Amen with rhymes that build more 
Gold in your steals, I'm too outspoken for real 
It's summertime I breathe in so deep. I can smell a vine 
I'm all up in your gut in this rhyme, 
60. Sec. rap stand the test of time. 
I keeps it real in the grind 
And. Yet never in between my teeth with the swine 

12 O'Clock, 
It's big 12 from the Cuffie Family 
Should he cop empty m's. Thanks for having me 
I rock stages, any mic, that's hand to me. 
So follow the leader, like the Rakim said to me, 
I'm in the club and these girls keep watching me, 
It's Brooklyn Zu nigga from the Wu-Tang Killa Beez 
And. All you dudes that be hating on this G 
I got the desert, eas', pull it out and squeeze 
I'm from Putnam and Franklin so nigga. Please 
I bare arms like a shirt with the short sleaves 
I, like it raw like on a plane with four ki's 
It's. 12 O'Clock, with the O.G 
 
Chi-King 
Aiyo heavy lies the crown my flow cold, like Aspen 
Muay, Thai elbow and jaws cracking 
So. You dissing Homey, listen yeah! You got the mic 
It's the skills that you missing. 
Shoot your ass push, the learning in your walk. 
You. Can'T talk and listen so listen before you talk 
Time for new lessons. Yo time is of the essence, 
Come correct first and leave the joking for the jesters 
Brooklyn, bring it back. Sunz of Man well connected 
60. Second, Assassin Timbo King 
Royal Family swing this for the'09 
 
Timbo King 
They call me Timbo of Jerusalem. The heat will rule again: 
A G with a platoon of men Bo King rule. Again, 
Never was a war child pops work it off. The books. 
Young Brook been a crook moving with a felon look 
History and your orthodox some straight off the blocks. 
Of raw pop two cops like 2Pac Shakur, 
It's real estate coming from the realest state, 
Traitors wan na infiltrate hit'em with the Glock and daggers 
Street gothic. My pops was a fucking prophet 
He told me to dig deep in the devil's pockets 
I'm in the loop circles. They form around me 
They crown me and my county sire sire 
It's Elo' amongst drug kingpins, with kilos 
Crap shoot c-lo. They neighborhood casino, 
Counter clockwise count the troops, not the lies, 
I see through your foolish attempts with closed eyes, 
I'm Sitting Bull with a peace pipe wan na pull 
Got timberwolves dressed in all sheep's wool. 
From the blocks to the box from the fingers to the tops 
Less is much more but my need's a whole lot: 
It's throwblack clapper you'se, the brokeback rapper 
King hustler trapper, the bitch nigga slapper, 
BRAAAT 
 
