Close Encounters Lyrics
by Xc.

Guy 1 
I like to keep this handy, *gun cock* for close encounters, 
 
I, just sit alone in this room. Its me in this laptop 
Wit, no safety, 
So many bars that I'm saying to myself. This couldn't be your last shot, 
If so get on the ball. You think I'mma pass, not 
Its me Rod Will and some ones. I ain't seen in 3 years, 
Just working for the days that we can sit in them, beach, chairs, 
Come from a crooked city. It wasn't meant to succeed here. 
I made my own change. I never said that I need fair 
But, be clear of niggas who never be here: 
Who hopped on late, I'm guessing cause its the leap year, 
Scared to follow their heart, its like they dont want to leave here, 
But. If we all of us wait that mean none of us eats clear 
I make the shit that the people just got ta feel 
By the end of these 10 songs. You should see what I'm bout foreal 
I'm on the road to riches, but its like a roadtrip 
So yall muthafuckas can sleep cuz. I got the the wheel, 
 
Said, I'm on my way. 
I said its heat. They just said thats the harder way 
But we close and honestly that ain't hard to say 
Because, the top just don't feel so far way. 
 
Here we go and you know its no looking back. 
They say I can get a deal but nigga. What good is that 
See? They told me to follow suit and I told em that wouldn't match. 
Because I been a trail blazer and hommie. I couldn't slack 
Never. I paid me dues and so nothing gets tooking back 
I threw away the receipts, I'm getting my footing back 
After living life on the edge. So much shit was on my back 
You know I never been fragile, so hommie, I wouldn't crack 
They, say pressure bust pipes or make diamonds 
You. Look me in my eyes and tell me I ain't shining 
Tell me: I ain't grinding 
I'm, steady clocking in cause. They told me it takes timing. 
They act like I ain't trying, 
Even filled out some applications just to make effort, 
They never hire me. Then they tell me it ain't ya, record 
Momma said: go to school. Do you like 8 semesters, 
To get a bachelors. Why, when I got this mastered 
I'm, enrolling in life and I'm tryna get straight A's 
We gon make history. Once we get on the same page, 
Tryna get my shot and they told me. I can't aim 
This one gon be from point. Blank range: bang, 
 
And. We our way 
I said it's magic and they said its the harder way. 
But, we close and honestly that ain't hard to say 
Because, the top, don't feel so far away any more 
 
First. It start with the hate from some people that never dissed you 
Start getting paper. Everybody want get an issue. 
Fuck em, just keep it real with the niggas that get it with you, 
And to everybody else. You let em miss you.
 
