Close Your Eyes (And Count to Fuck) Lyrics
by Run the Jewels.

Zack De La Rocha.
Run them jewels fast, run them, run them jewels fast.
Run them, run them, r-run them, r-run them, run them.
Fuck the slow mo.

Fashion slave, you protestin' to get in a fuckin' look book.
Everything I scribble's like an anarchist's cookbook.

Black on black on black with the ski mask, that is my crook look.
How you like my stylin' bruh? ain't nobody smilin' bruh.
'Bout to turn this mothafucka up like Riker's Island, bruh.
Where my thuggers and my crippers and my blooders and my brothers?
When you niggas gon' unite and kill the police, mothafuckas?
And take over a jail, give them COs hell.
The burnin' of the sulfur, goddamn I love the smell.
Now get to pillow torchin', where the fuck the warden?
And when you find him, we don't kill him, we just waterboard him.
We killin' them for freedom cause they tortured us for boredom.
And even if some good ones die, fuck it, the Lord'll sort 'em.

We're out of order, your honor, you're out of order.
This whole court is unimportant, you fuckers are walkin' corpses.
I'm a clip wig synonym livin' within distortion.
I'll bite into a cyanide molar before you whores win.
I'm a New Yorkian, I'm fucked from the jump.
I wear my Yankee so tilted I actually walk with a hunch.
Look at Mikey, I think he likey, we are sinister sons.

Zack De La Rocha.
Run them jewels fast, run them, run them jewels fast.
Run them, run them, r-run them, r-run them, run them, r-run them.
Run them jewels fast, run them, run them jewels fast.
Run them, run them, r-run them, r-run them, run them, r-run them.

A wise man once said,.
Just spit it disgustin' youngin' and hold your nuts while you gunnin'.
I listened, tatted the sentence on my dick last summer.
Now I'll never get that phrase off my brain, it's no wonder.
I'm here to buy hearts, I got hundreds, honey.
The cheaper the parts, the better buy for the money.
I'm trained in vagina whisperin', glistenin', waitin' for the christenin'.
I know the neighbors can't help but listen in.
A dirty boy who come down on the side of dissonance.
I can't even relax without sirens off in the distances.
Not shittin' you, little buddy, this fuckin' island's a prison.
The only solace I have is the act of conjugal visiting.

My solitary condition's preventin' conjugal visits.
Though mainly missin' my missus, they keepin' me from my children.
Conditions create a villain, the villain is given vision.
The vision becomes a vow to seek vengeance on all the vicious.
Liars and politicians, profiteers of the prisons.
The forehead engravers and slavers of men and women.
Including members of clergy that rule on you through religion.

Zack De La Rocha.
Run them jewels fast, run them, run them jewels fast.
Run them, run them, r-run them, r-run them, run them, r-run them.
Run them jewels fast, run them, run them jewels fast.
Run them, run them, r-run them, r-run them, run them, r-run them.

Zack De La Rocha.
It's De La on the cut,lifting six on your snitching crew.
I'm miles ahead of you, you can sip my bitches brew.
My battle status is burning mansions from Dallas to Malibu.
Check my résumé, your residence is residue.
Call her a skin job and my honey dip will backflip for you.
You playin' God, your eye sockets she gon' rip into.
We sick of bleeding now trey spray and victim you.
Done dyin', Phillip AK Dick in you.
With clips in the bottom, we dipping through Gotham.
Yes eclipsed by the shadows, a dark dance to the coffin.
I'm a fellow with melanin, suspect of a felony.
Rip like Rakim Allah, feds be checkin' my melody.
Yes aggressively testin' with bunk stretches and penalties.
Dump cases when facing to cop pleas when we seizing the pump.
With reason to dump on you global grand dragons.
Still piling fast bucks, Afghani toe taggin'.
Now they trackin' me cause we bustin' back, see.
The only thing that close quicker than our caskets be the factories.

Zack De La Rocha.
Run them jewels fast, run them, run them jewels fast.
Run them, run them, r-run them, r-run them, run them, r-run them.
Run them jewels fast, run them, run them jewels fast.
Run them, run them, r-run them, r-run them, run them, r-run them.

