Cloud of Endo Lyrics
by The World Famous Tony Williams.

Produced by SMKA 
 
Comin' down rollin' up 
Sweet James Jones in a styrofoam cup 
All, my cars got leather and wood, 
Off white body with the Santa Claus 
Got some 
Tell them niggas, I'm the best, and I ain't ever give a fuck 
Listen nigga. I'M a threat, and I ain't ever givin' up 
I keep a quarter of the Cali, shall forever live it up. 
And this'll never be enough, but you can bet a nigga bust. 
I know that Tia lookin' down on me. I hope I keep it up. 
And, though I need my homie, I can't let it eat me up 
But. If I'm ever in a rut or say I ever need a crutch. 
I got an angel lookin' down on me to tell me: beat it up, 
Cause, I'm high enough to reach him. I'M forever weeded up. 
Lot of shit is on my chest, and so I had to speed it up 
But when I finally get to Heaven. We did it up. 
Got, the Chevy feeted up, we sittin' higher than we used to 
Rollin' through the city hittin' places that we used to 
Still rollin', sticky, doin' things that we used to 
Same niggas with me all the same niggas you knew 
Who knew You knew. I was gon' blow 
With a Betty in the Chevy, with a heavy cloud of smoke, 
And tried to tell'em'bout my nigga while we mellow on the choke 
Cause. Some Afghan kush is like Heaven to the throat 
 
, The World Famous Tony Williams, x2 
Rollin' down my window in a cloud of endo 
I get high cause. I don't know what we're in for 
The streets. Don'T love me the block, don't love me 
I light. My L for all my niggas above me, 
 
I'm in the cabbie, I'm just rollin''round rollin' up 
OZ of OG Kush in the tuck 
Ride for a while. So I rolled me, a dutch 
Know, it's pain in the world. Everybody need a crutch, 
Got, my nigga. In a rut, facin' 7 years max 
Conspiracy to sell had his cellphone tapped, 
Nigga bailed for the trap wish he would have fell back 
Now, he lookin' at a felony charge and that's that 
Historical black fact, most niggas catch a charge 
Once in our life bein' niggas Is hard 
 
I still kick it for my niggas on that 
Blow, a whiff of the bomb and in the moment of calm 
I, raise an L for my niggas in the greater beyond 
Smoke the greatest of chron, while leanin' back in the coupe 
'Scapin' all reality And then it's back in the booth 
Puttin' work into the wordplay, never gettin', rest 
Never know if you'll be here one day and disappear. The next 
Carpe diem on the chest dealin' with the chest, 
It's the illin' type of feelin', when you're better than the rest 
This, is better than a threat. This as good as it gets 
Cause the niggas that I'm with they wouldn't settle for less 
To. My niggas up above who I'll never forget, 
Tell them niggas I'ma, do it to death, 
 
Smokin' fire y'all smoke up 
'Roc and pineapple up in my cup. 
I, don't fuck with Diddy, but I drink. Ciroc 
Don't need a hundred niggas with me when I stain the block 

Gettin' sucked off by Camille and Coco 
I'll put a pistol in a nigga mouth for Romo 
Don't got to hit the scene with these hip-hop promos 
Real shit. You can't deal with 
But that fuck shit you've been stuck with 
And yo. The radio don't got ta ever play my shit 
If. I don't hit niggas better, learn to duck bitch 
Cause, I'm rappin' and robbin' on my job and 
You can push a mothafucka. You don't want no problems, 
FG'bout cheese, so you can't knock him. 
Show up at a rap show and go chain. Shoppin' 
Bitch face down shake down. 
Triple up when the hoe lick break down. 
And a nigga got work on the mailin' list. 
Cause I be shippin' it off to like 8 towns, 
Wow got loud and powder packs 
16's in this bitch straight bounce. It back 
Rollin' with my latest dime, see the bitch behind me 
But. I bet I ain't rollin' down my window, 
 
