Cloud 9 Lyrics
by 60 Second Assassin.

Kristina Green 
If. I could pack'em out I'll lock down every house 
From L.A. to Chicago 
Roll'em. In a blunt I'll, let'em hit it once and they'd be dead 
If. I could lock'em up I'd use so much cut that when they fry'em half 
They profit is gon' 
Cuz. The shit's so damn wrong. They still gon' call 
Tryna get back on and oooohhhh the sensation when he places his arms around
me 
I'm higher. Then I could ever be 
 
Hell Razah 
Body bags in the back of the Ave 
They keep jacking our swag 
Rubber grip on the .44 mag 
We write rhymes in a scientist's lab 
With, a pen and a pad 
So. Our chemistry is murderous. Gas 
I got the underground now in a smash. 
Its stack, digital cash, 
And rip, commercialized niggas in half 
Put, a slash in his 360 
He can't eat with me. Unless you come thru the G-60 
 
60 Second Assassin 
They got ta. 
We gon' be what we gon na, be 
Money clothes and ho's 
We, don't care about responsibilities, 
Love, sex and welfare checks, 
We gon' be what we gon na be 
Gangsters hustlers and a whole buncha murders for flavors 
You're, a million miles from 120 degrees, 120 degrees. 
Nobody'S smiling 
Cloud 9 
 
Son, One 
I can't lie in class. I wrote rhymes 
Had my face in the book resource was on mind. 
Never said much. My thoughts was online 
And, my notepad yeah, the Son, is gon' shine. 
Even got reprimanded by my school counselor. 
She said Son, you would never amount to a ... 
WHAT, Successful man with these types of grades, 
Quit all that rapping jargon, throwing all your life away. 
And all that hype and praise won't see the light of day 
Even. My moms tried to pray, hoping my mind. Would change 
But I couldn't keep the fire tamed in 
My heart playing beats yo. I spend entire days in the dark 
Under a desk light tryna create the darts 
Fighting. The livest spark designing a timeless art, 
The wordsmith. I split these mics apart 
Out the dirt unearth polish, the diamond 
 
Hell Razah 
Body bags in the back of the Ave 
They keep jacking our swag 
Rubber grip on the .44 mag 
We write rhymes in a scientist's lab 
With, a pen and a pad 
So. Our chemistry is murderous gas 
I got the underground now in a smash. 
It'S stack, digital cash, 
And rip, commercialized niggas in half 
Put a slash in his 360 
He can't eat with me. Unless you come thru the G-60 
 
60 Second Assassin 
They got ta 
We gon' be what we gon na, be 
Money clothes and ho's 
We, don't care about responsibilities, 
Love, sex and welfare checks, 
We gon' be what we gon na be 
Gangsters hustlers and a whole buncha Murders for flavors 
You're, a million miles from 120 degrees, 120 degrees, 
Nobody's, smiling 
Cloud 9 
 
Shabazz, the Disciple 
Now. I lay you down to sleep, 
I pray to Lord, my soul to keep 
And. If I shall die before I awake, 
I pray to Lord my soul. He take 
Another time my mind dwelled. On a spell I heard 
Cries from the dead souls burning in hell, 
Visions of their flesh, drowning in the flood 
One of the hallucinogens, and I seen head soaked in blood 
I snapped back to reality dashed for my Bible, 
Opened. It up in heavy confusion reaching for survival 
But. All of a sudden, I'm overpowered by that curse. 
The psalms that I read made my visions worst 
Seen, a therapist told'em spirits tried to bury me 
Spilled. What'S, on my mind, when I was done, he needed therapy 
He recommended a baptism, a sacrifice: 
My soul rose to heaven, but was cast back down by blast. 
In forms of thunder rain hail heavy winds, 
Not, even the blood of Christ could cleanse my conscious of sin. 
 
60 Second Assassin 
Cloud 9
 
