Cloudy Days (Z-Mix) Lyrics
by Z-Mane.


I'Ve seen too many cloudy days, tell me when it's sunny 
I like to the see the green, but I'm not just talking money, 
And ain't, it funny how you think got a true friend 
Soon as you get green, but when it's gone then it all ends 
Then. They leave your life forever, 
You're wondering hey when they're ever coming back, probably never 
Give me sunshine I'll, even settle for rain 
Because. I'M tired of these cloudy days, 
 
Look! It seemed like a journey in my lifetime 
Wanted to know if I was cool enough to write. Rhymes 
My, older cousins did it so I had to try it out 
But when they was at the top. I was still about 2 miles, south 
Impressed, my homies with my flow, but some of them was hating. 
They, see the popularity rise and they're appreciating 
Man it's funny. How money can change a man? 
They hate you? Then they love you, you lose some green. Then they hate, you
again 
The forecast, got my mood feeling bad 
Can't, even look up in the sky without it making me mad 
And. It'S sad. Some of these niggas sell out just for the fame 
Forget, their girl and their homies even disrespect their family name. 
I! Wonder if a storm is coming soon, 
This Davis, wolf, ain't feeling right! That'S why I'm howling at the moon, 
But y'all, don't understand someone call the weatherman 
And tell them hit me up when sunshine hits the land 
Naw, I'm saying 
 
I know it may seem bad right now. 
Even though I wan na cry, I always seem to smile 
And. I know one day. It'S gon' be okay. 
Someone, take these cloudy days away: 
 
Sometimes I just wan na cry 
And! Then I look up to the sky 
I get down on my knees, I beg - and I plead 
Lord - please just make it right. 
I use to think my life was bad 
But. I was lucky to have what I had 
My grandma always said: It's gon' be okay. 
But. I seen too many cloudy days. 
Yeah-Yeah 
, 
, Aaliyah, Ford, Z-Mane, adlibs 
Can. I get a little sunshine. 
Someone just tell me .... It will be fine 
And. Now I'm gon na pray. I know it's gon' be okay, 
Someone! Please take these cloudy days away. 
 
