Coffee Shop Lyrics
by Yung Joc.


Welcome to Starblocks 
It's Young Dirty 
Who's, this 
It's Young, Dirty 
Oh. Okay, what you need 
Let me, get them new Ones. Mayne 
How many pair. You need 
Two of'em. Give me two 
I got you pull on around to the window: pimp 
Aight shorty, 
Ay, ay, ay, Joc, {, Whattup, Pak Man, } 
Shorty out here, say he need two fresh pair 
 {, Oh yea. He want two of'em } 
Yeah, the new ones, { Aight }, 
Ay, Joc, {, Whattup }. You know the motto: {, Yo, } 
Hustle by any means 
 
First. I take they order like the coffee shop 
Then, I steam it up and cook it like the coffee shop 
And. Then I serve it out the window like the coffee shop, 
 
And. It ain't no returns at the coffee shop 
Man. I make that paper stack up at my coffee shop, 
One hit and they'll be back to the coffee shop, 
 
Yung, Joc, 
Hey, hey, ayyy, okay, 
It's, just another day at the coffee shop, 
We sellin, everything down to the shoes and watch 
And for the right price Meet me in the parking lot: 
I got a sale on them. Old school Chevy drops 
No knock cause. We only serve the
best 
Oh yeah. My coffee shop is cheaper than the rest~ 
I'm. Takin orders tell me who's next 
Only cash. No credit, no checks. 
When! Your car. Stop welcome to Starblocks 
You wan na triple your knot, Invest in our stock 
And. Now we doin numbers just like the close-out 
Make sure to shop with me before it's sold out 
 
Gorilla Zoe 
Steppin on the scene. As I tilt my hat 
Black Pat Sajak bring anything
back 
I'm a hustler, I'm just looking for a customer 
I'mma, get it whether rain, sleet or snowin bruh 
And. For that cash flow. Your boy moves rapido, 
Ice latte. You don't see that boy
go 
You need anything. You can call Gorilla, Zoe 
Yeah, they get it and go. I tell'em vamanos 
It's, not a phone #, but I got 7 digits, 
Got, so many whips. They call me whipalicious, 
I, rock, expensive, shirts and thousand dollar britches 
I, get them Star-bucks at the coffee shop. Get it 
, 
Yung, Joc, 
Ha, ah-ha, okay, 
Everybody on the block, know my nickname 
Grade, A pimp game. You can call me Ben Frank 
And. All my money get counted when the shifts change. 
Then get 211 t-shirt, wit'cho picture framed 
If. You need the number 1-800-Starblocks 
Coca latte damned to make yo' heart, stop 
And, now the haters hot. So they run and tell the cops 
So. They shut this down, we'll set up shop on another block, 
 
Ay Pat 
In, the South, where they can find
this at .
 
When we on the West coast, where they gon', find us at 
 
What about up top shorty, where they gon' find us at .
 
Ay, kids. Please don't do drugs 
Just give it to me. So I can sell it. 
 
