Cold (Theraflu) Lyrics
by Z-Mane.


Alright, let me tell y'all, what's about to happen, 
My boy Z-Mane. He bout to go in on this Theraflu 
I'm talking bout murk, this just straight! Destroy this 
I'm a pass. The mic to Z-Mane y'all know what's about to happen, 
Z-Mane kill it. Let'S go 
 
Ok! These niggas need some theraflu. Somebody called the doc 
Turn the A.C. up cause it's about to get hot 
Fire running down your spine, better, stop and drop 
Man. The place is burnin'. It'S goin' down like Joc 
PlayStation niggas need to stop playin' them games, 
You, just a baby boy and nigga. I'M Ving, Rhames 
From the cradle to the grave, I'm a keep it 100 
While. They playin' monopoly. I'M out'chea gettin' money 
Started out 5 years old, with my brother J, 
10 years later, man, a nigga, shinin' everyday 
Picture, perfect paint a perfect picture. Like Picasso 
I see a hater, I think I'll call him John Doe 
Green is all I see Rondo heat
it up like LeBron, though 
I'll start a riot, then I'll start the convo' 
Use to rock them dickies tall tees and them fitteds 
Now, I rock them snapback chucks And the shirt with the jockey in it 
Z-Mane aka T-Double-B 
That mean the boy in blue. That'S what the crew call me: 
That nigga name Army. He military gang 
My flow is on super freak and nigga. I'M Rick James 
What, up to Phillip Flame What
up to California. 
While you tweetin' your girl, nigga. I telephone her 
I beat the beat up naw, I put it in a coma 
No. Wonder I'm one of the best to come from Oklahoma 
Take. A picture then put it on Instagram 
Little mama, shaking that jelly, your girl, shaking that jam 
You a phony baloney, claiming that you go H.A.M 
I only mess with a few. Only my homies and fam 
Ha Doctor. Please give these niggas some theraflu 
Run up on me and take a dirt nap. Nigga I'll, bury you 
It's, scary dude call me Dark Knight, but where the Joker 
Your girl on Facebook and she love it. When I poke her 
Oh did I just say that Sorry 
homey don't play that 
If, you ain't, talkin' bout, getting money! You better stay back! 
Now show me where the stash at 
show me where the cash at 
And girl, you ain't, talkin' bout money unless your back's fat 
Z-Mane, nobody better than me. Mane 
I been keepin'. It G since, before I even had teeth, mane 
This the end of the Z-Mix, so click to the next song 
It's, the boy in blue and like a ghost, I'm gone
, 
