Cold Hearts Lyrics
by The Purist.

Stand up, 
The, niggas, f*ck, already men
'bout to pop off man, m
That's how it is just grind me: ass, kid
Straight, from Cube B done with big guns
Seen a lot of shit even on the run
Man kick or die for f*ck em with the slums
My body, went on release. For my gun
Blowed up two clips about to be some shit
To think about shit, get life's a bitch
Just pulled pout and join the toe
And above the slim
Police got ahead, but I ain't give a f*ck
I'm real about the shit. The rest see all but
The hood for life. They got ta, throw it up
In, the clutch, the thund you can get me the ball
Can't be on the grind. Wind keeps that war stand tall
Down by law who want more 
I am three click. Nigga know. What'S up
I found, I got you nigga shooting three throws
But, I'm shooting sloves, then I let you meet. Loaf
I might been the rules, but never what we for
We see is going dumb. We'Re feeling real mob
A leaf with a bunch of hoes. Do us then do..
We, never feed em. After two cups on an empty stomach
We have a fake bitch tryin to keep one hundred
It is what it is. You do what I've been knew it
So many nigga sort of darkness soon their wrist is glewing
They, keep and care enough to lift a f*cking. Bowing
I ain't think you wan na. Take this where you're going
Then everybody is losers, I'm in the wind, collum
F*ck and tryin to tell you they got been a problem
That's. Just a Michael cousin had that they lot of ..
These niggas p**sy son
Show. All we got show all we spot
Smack. Your bitch ass out, your John, want rebox
Haters can't f*ck with the bus jerk
Can't f*ck with the boss, jerk
Don't rock gaters, but I fuck with..surance
Now dress, like you, have seen: fighters
Type of flict and shirt..lighters
The pipe pipers sayin little pistle
To catch a pradator to catch the senator
Minister society. Tryin P and I'm dead in you
Head in the class the teachers path
On, the road shit gets wow, do come squeeze in the skat

Stupid niggas cause dumb shit
I wrote alone, can't condone the bump shit
 
