Come On Everybody Lyrics
by Run-D.M.C..

Run Mic checka.. 
DMC, Yes y'all and I am.. 
The grand imperial wizard.., D.M.C.., 
And you're. Listening to the sounds.. 
As. We take you onnnnnn down.. 
To, the lasssssssssssst STOP 
 
Come on everybody. Let'S all get down: 
 
Run, 
K-k-k-coolin relaxin and we're coolin 
Rulin, while we're schoolin the teacher who ya foolin 
While in trainin, your brain and foe are entranced. 
I talk to tiny tots and just like Watson, Elementary 
 
D.M.C. 
Back. In eighty-two and three I made the word'DEF' 
Gave life to the mic. Now you know liggity-left 
Riggity-right 
You was crappin in your Pampers. Now don't tamper with the king, 
 
Run 
Baddest of the bad, I think of thickness. Here I come 
I get dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb .
 Here we go HERE WE HERE WE HERE WE GO 
A lot, bitin old style flow, 
But up off the subject. You know I shut em down, an' 
I think I seen em sinkin matter fact. I seen em drownin 
 DJ Run'll, keep you guessin 
Here's a little tip, it's the Tribe for your Quest'n 
Two-seven and I'm representin comin from HOLLIS. 
Queens is what I mean. Ma
Dukes is cookin. Collards 
Feelin like and matched up sticks 
Down With the King and we swing it on the mix. 
Of a funky, funky b-boy, sound 
So, come on everybody. Let'S all get down, 
 
D.M.C. 
Break backs make tracks, take acts and wax a nigga. 
That lacks take gats tap at the trigga 
D.M.C.. You see, I got a little bigga 
Jam Master Jay a with the zigga-zigga 
Produce bamboost, let loose the sound 
No groups or troops. Could boo me down 
I slam and jam command. The land 
Don't give a damn. They ban my band will stand 
I come to you all knew my crew is true 
Do. What I do I do, since eighty-two 
I got the rhyme get mine. I
Got to climb 
I won't retire, get higher. I won't resign. 
I'M here to stay. Okay won't fade away. 
I'M movin past the past. I last all day 
So. Here we go. I flow, you know the sound 
So check the show and yo. Let'S all get down, 
 .
.. Yes, yes, y'all, a! We don't stop! 
 
Run 
So come on and flip for me, grip and slip into a hipper tone. 
Not on the dull, your skull cause Run'll rip a dope 
Snare on the tear rare. You never heard this 
This service served. You well, and I can tell you're gettin nervous 
Run here it come, get some it's on the diddy-dumb 
See a silly soft sucker down there of Run. 
Rowdy then you're audi got ta, go, don't want to be us 
Torn, then you're gone WORD BOND. None can see us 
Hop-along on your way, skip-along little Skippy 
'fore. I fly that box me bust. You all upper-lippy, 
, 
Q-Tip, 
Tribe Called Quest and you don't stop 
The Midnight, Marauders yeah. You don't stop 
Phife Diggidy yeah! You don't stop 
Ali Shaheed c'mon! You don't stop! 
 yeah, you don't stop 
Check it on out, because you don't stop 
To, my niggas out on Linden. You don't stop 
The hardheads. In effect, you don't stop 
And to my niggas in Hollis. You don't stop 
All the kids up on Farmers. You don't stop 
And to my peoples. Uptown! You don't stop 
And! All my peoples up in Brooklyn. You don't stop 
And! All my peoples in the Bronx. You don't stop 
Zulu. In effect, you don't stop 
And to my people out West. You don't stop 
A Run-D.M.C. gettin! Mad props 
Check it on out thanks to Run 
And thanks to D and JMJ 
We on the way up to the top 
Never ever stop gettin mad props check it out. 
 
Then, I'm out like shout ooh-ahh ooh-ahh 
OOH-AHH OOH-AHH There. It is Baby Pah.. Leaders of the New School
 
