Comfy Lyrics
by Yungen.


Ay woah.

This bent peak cap got me looking like the lightskinned Skepta.
In that drop top Merc, yeah I've come a long way from that Vectra.
You and I know I'm the best, I ain't gotta give you no lecture.
They think they know me, they ain't got a clue though, they better find an.
inspector.
Wait, I have to rub my jaw.
Man tryna draw me out, are they sure.
What did you think I signed my deal then shotted my burners, dickhead I went.
and bought more.
44 in the 4 door.
Boom, run on mate.
Hand keeps telling me to roll safe.
I just have to tell him 'come on mate'.
I don't think you're listening, come on mate.
Catch me slipping, that's a one off mate.
Make tunes for the roads, make tunes for the girl then I dropped the tape and.
I upped the rate.
I do it for the gang yeah, do it for the cam.
The sideman's got six figures in his bank.
First class, yeah I made my stamp.
In the airport smelling like dank.

Tracksuit and my sliders, yeah I'm comfy.
All of the girldem love me, yeah I'm comfy.
I'm tryna stack my Ps and look after mumzy.
All of the dogdem trust me cause I'm comfy.
Man's comfy, man's comfy.
Man's comfy, all of the girldem love me.
Man's comfy, man's comfy.
Man's comfy, all of the dogdem trust me.

Yo, man wanna talk about me at the MOBOs like I ain't earned it.
Man wanna talk about my nomination like I don't deserve it.
Man wanna bring me down, I know man was happy with the verdict.
How I didn't win something for Ain't On Nuttin, blud pour me a tea, man's.
Kermit.
But shout out Section, better winners over my section.
Man know everything lock off when I come through with a pengting.
Play Dirty, Wicked Skeng ting, you already know it's an ends ting.
Twitter finger coming at me blud, I'll have man trending.
What, I'm the YG and the OG.
Could've bought a chain and a Roley.
We are not the same, you don't know me.
Man bust a one shot and think they're Tony.
Fam I spent an arm and a leg on this Stoney.
That's why the arm and the leg, it says Stoney.
Yeah man's comfy, yeah man's cosy.
Yeah man's cool but a man can't phone me.

Tracksuit and my sliders, yeah I'm comfy.
All of the girldem love me, yeah I'm comfy.
I'm tryna stack my Ps and look after mumzy.
All of the dogdem trust me cause I'm comfy.
Man's comfy, man's comfy.
Man's comfy, all of the girldem love me.
Man's comfy, man's comfy.
Man's comfy, all of the dogdem trust me.

Yeah, got my hoodie and my ballie on.
Go and link her with my Addies on.
Tell a fuckboy 'yeah carry on'.
Done too much to make a happy song.
All the madting the roads had me on.
Tryna prove daddy wrong.
Up now, yeah I need a Grammy don.
Hoodie in the alley, what's Sanny on?
Took my G, where's Swammy gone?
They ask where Scrappy's from.
0161, Manny don.
Yeah, took my G, where's Swammy gone?
Up now, tryna win a Grammy don.
Tell a fuckboy 'yeah carry on'.
Comfy, yeah I've got my hoodie and my ballie on.

Man's comfy, man's comfy.
Man's comfy, all of the girldem love me.
Man's comfy, man's comfy.
Man's comfy, all of the dogdem trust me.

