Conscious Or Arrogant Lyrics
by Unique.


This shit make me just wan na ride. 
Reminisce. When I had the morning appetite 
Apple, jacks, Tasmanian devil make feel right. 
You wan na know what its like to live. Like someone trapped in there mind 
Thoughts, he afraid to let out but should be heard. 
Hell never learn he just
turns up volume, 
His value. He underestimates contemplates what channel 
To turn it to next he
wonders? What life will turn into 
Cartoons and cereal comedies spam and beans? 
Commonly lose sanity and vanity is all he sees. 
This shit make him wan na sail the seven seas 
And get as far away as possible from the so called family. 
Cable got turned off and there's no milk 
Now. He can reflect on who he truly wan na, be you wan na be 
, 
Conscious or arrogant. 
I had trouble on my mind, but goodness in my heart 
Wish I could go back in time and make it so wed never had to part 
And go our separate ways lost in the middle of a daze 
But conscious. I'Ve become lord. Forgive me for my ways: 
It feels like I'm being punished with guilt. 
It feels like ill, never be as fulfilled as I was 
Real love is a drug. I can never get enough of 
Which added fuel to the fire 
Want to lecture me about my fucked up past your preaching to the choir
 
This shit. This shit made me just want to ride just want to ride 
This shit. This shit made me just want to ride just want to ride 
This shit. This shit made me just want to write just want to write 
This shit. This shit made me just want to ride. 
 
This shit make me just wan na ride 
Reminisce. When i dint know what to right 
Cause I was talking shit, I felt uncomfortable to right. 
Now, I never feel uncomfortable. That'S the biggest lie. 
Growing up. I was to shy to grab the mic 
And with the recognition, a question who am I 
Came Up in my eyes. You could see. I didn't wan na reply. 
I just wanted to hide. I just wanted to fly 
So. I built a nest on the couched and poured up 
Still feinding for more love. The fire continued to grow, 
Lies continued to show, And all i got to show for it is no more love. 
I hope. Your pleased with yourself Tyler 
Actually, I'm tired of people sleeping on me, 
Cable got turned off and there's no milk 
Now. He can reflect on who he truly wan na. Be you wan na be .
 
This shit made me wan na decide which path to take 
Good or bad, which wrongs to right, which people to thank 
Which people to apologize to. I want to pay my dues 
It feels like my soul, is at stake. I was fake 
Ignoring. All the problems visible around me, 
Many things would of changed. If your feelings found me 
They, say nothing lasts forever. People change, like the seasons 
I, had to leave for many reasons that I've tried to explain. 
My dad was insane and I stopped praying 
My grandma then died. I had no pain, 
At first, looking back, I'm ashamed. 
She was on a road to sickness and I think I'm in the same lane 
I need you now more then ever wait.., what the fuck and I saying 
I, don't even believe you need me anymore. You went on to better things
 
I, don't blame you! I want to thank you. 
You gave me the understanding to make this choice. You saved me girl and I'm
grateful 
Ill, never stop loving you, but I had 
 
