Cool Dudes Lyrics
by 4 Broz By Broz.

Da Reel MC 
Yo, I'm Da Reel 4 Broz by Broz 
Man, I'm drunk as shit, and I don't care who knows 
I'm, making capital gains from my rapping and fame 
I'll blow your sister with a twister when I'm making it rain 
I got a colorful flow. That'S why I'm covered in dough 
Like mace to your face 
you're, seeing double at our show. 
You other rappers are a bore. It'S a chore, need, I say more 
I'm like the juicy apple 
you're, like the rotten core 
You other rappers are a pest. You should give it a rest, 
You're, a bunch of little birdies chirping up in your nest. 
But me I'm a hawk with a ten foot cock 
I'm, hitting top of the pops
while you're shitting on the sidewalk 
I'll keep on flowing til, my hip, don't hop. 
They call me the toaster cause I make tarts pop 
I got more raps than Reynolds. I got more rhymes than Busta 
My puns fill your buns with General Custer 
When. I make my last stand. 
I'Ll have the mic in my hand, 
Fucked the world and had a child. Parenthood was never planned. 
I'M drinking gin and tonic 
tie it in with some chronic 
I'll make your girl's ass. Shake like plate, tectonics 

I leer like Shakespeare. When I can see up your bonnet 
Let me turn it over now to my man: Tater Chips 
As. He toasts the Holy Ghost as the words flow from his lips. 
 
Tater Chips, 
Uncle Pattie's Uncle drunk, so please remain calm, 
I, don't write lyrics motherfucker! I write psalms 
People, always say I got the world in my hand, 
When. I whip out my cock at the poetry, slam, 
Got flint stones, larger than
the, Hoover Dam, 
Got, two scoops of flavor like Raisin Bran, 
Like, Poison, Ivy I'll make
you, itch 
Bust a nut on your bread call it a Tater Sandwich, 
I'mma I'mma B: wait: I
already am 
Cause, I'm Snatching up your babies in an unmarked van 
Quit, your boo-hooing, it's not so bad 
Forget about your parents. Tater Chips is your new dad 
 
Da Reel MC and Tater Chips. 
Earth pack, the bowl 
Fire spark the spark 
Wind and water \- sucking
bubble \- that shit's good
for. Your heart, 
When Captain Planet, arrives, 
you know what we're gon na do. 
We save the world together know why? Because we're cool, dudes, 
Billion, dollar yachts, 
drinking fresh pots, 
Cause, we are the haves and you're the have-nots, 
Got platinum, plaques, three laudramats 
Got stacks of Dominos as tall as Fats, 
Selling coke in Belize, saving, kitties from trees, 
Like school girls and priests got those. Ladies on their knees, 
Double fisting beers, like it's our careers 
Time Magazine, calls us Cool Dudes of the Year 
Diamonds on our wrist gold teeth in our face: 
Iconic rap status, that's Matt and Pat Chase
 
