Correct Lyrics
by Quentin Miller.


Yeah.
This what you've all been waiting for... Ha-ha-ha.

Email this shit out.

Yeah, yeah.

This ain't politically correct.
This might offend my political connects.

Make hip-hop fans literally upset.
What happens next?
Your guess is as good as my guess.
Soul searching, they took the soul from me.
Old powers that be, they lost control of me.
A new Quentin, I'm too different.
The old one is, long gone.
New beat, different song sung.
You don't wanna have the bars bruh.
We can box 'till your arms numb.
I push my whip like a drop 'till that drop comes.
I found out that you niggas can't stop what God plotted.
The boy poppin'.
More money and girls and more clothes options.
At all times keep it a hundred thousand.
Song sung worldwide, made in my momma housing.
Making hip-hop history, that's what I'm about.

This ain't politically correct.
This might offend my political connects.

Yeah, I see they're literally upset.
But I ain't the nigga that you physically could check.
Plus I'm who they lyrically respect.
Cause they was sleeping on me, when I didn't even rest.
Ain't impressed by, what you can bench press.
How you know the game, when you ain't ride the bench yet?
Cause these niggas counting what we ain't even spent yet.
But check positive pregnancy tests, I know you heard 'bout the kid.
But I could care less 'bout what you heard I done did, ya dig?
That's food for thought I get my words out the fridge.
We getting too old for this shit, I feel like Murtaugh and Riggs.
I was taught to conceal my lethal weapon, in uh.
They look that gifted cause we was present.
I told Quentin We got 'em, just gotta keep progressing.
They wanna heal a stuffy nose like he congested.
Now peep the method.
They'll try to say they ain't see them text's.
So when it happens, they'll act like they ain't recieved the message.
Just keep left and proceed to exit.
The season where demons compete with legends.
We blessed.

This ain't politically correct.
This might offend my political connects.

Yeah, yeah.

