Country Road Lyrics
by Swelo.


You can find me on that country road.
It's the only road that I'm gonna go.
And they say.
The road to Heaven is paved with gold.
But I don't need no gold when I die.
And.
You can find me on that city street.
With a half empty bottle and some ripped up jeans.
And no.
I don't believe in your destiny.
'Cuz I'm going to go to hell when I die.

I drink 'cuz I got problems.
I drink so I can solve them.
And when that don't work, I drink some more.
'Cuz that's another problem.
See I been running around in circles.
Trying to figure this shit out.
I've been blocking out all your voices.
But your shit is too loud.
See, I'm tired of hearing do this.
I'm tired of hearing do that.
I'm tired of hearing you're doing it wrong.
But I'll keep on saying screw that.
They try to box me in but I keep busting out.
You can call me Chris Brown, look at me now.
'Cuz I'm killing those beats that they thought were unkillable.
Look how I fit in like every last syllable.
Bow to my eloquence, beautiful, lyrical.
Minds are the passengers, words are the vehicles.
Open your mind, and let it all out.
Open your life, and let go of doubt.
Take up your crimes, and throw them all out.
Now put up your hands, that's what it's about.

When I say “Hell” I mean figuratively.
I don't really mean it literally.
You see the whole concept is fiction to me.
But we're all going to die eventually.
But if it turns out I'm wrong, then I'm right you see.
So if I go or I don't, it don't matter to me.
‘Cuz I know I'm gonna be in good company.
And that's all I need, it's a comfort to me.
So I say do what you want.
I guess that's why I'm singing this song.
‘Cuz if you don't do what your heart says to.
Then there's definitely something wrong going on.
Breakout –.
Of your confines.
Of your locked up minds.
Of those used up rhymes.
“That girl is fine, that girl be mine, that girl is fine” time after time.
after time.
Get it?
No. I don't think you do.
I think that all that matters is the brand of your shoes.
You listen to the rattle of your chain times 2.
Well those roses really smell like poo.
Ooh, damn, jeez, oh god, if I sound real gruff does it make me hard?
Would you like me better with a fancy car?
‘cuz your words only count when money's involved, right?
Wrong. At least I wish it was.
Instead we got gangsters with peach fuzz.
Instead we got kids smoking weed ‘cuz.
Their favorite rappers say they deal drugs.
But they don't.
We know that, they know too.
They're just trying to make a song.
Well I am too.
So just try to sing along, this beat's in two.
Key of A minor, and one and two and.

Breakdown.

