Court in the Street Lyrics
by 415.


 D-Loc 
D-Loc's, the name. I got a thang against police 
Nigga, I'm straight from the streets. 
Fuck a punk in a blue suit. 
 Wan na get em up. Let'S go, but I just might blast you 
In this game. The rules is, you lose 
Duck to the side, but you still get choosed 
If. I miss shit. You ain't, save 
My, homeboy Rich, kicks up the backfire, 
 
 Richie Rich 
So. On the first note, I'm steppin off, like this 
A brother, only gets through life. If he's serious, 
Givin ain't shit but see takin is a method 
Even. If you use a weapon, 
You see the law ain't straight. So why follow it? 
I'D rather. Have you give me some poison and say'swallow it', 
But now fuck that I'm much sharper 
I eat and shit too, but I'm much darker 
So on the strenght of my color, I get pushed and harassed 
Taken to jail with no questions asked 
It's sort of like apartheid. There'S no peace, 
We're holdin court in the streets, 
 
, Richie, Rich 
As, a positive gangster with the motive to move on the Town, 
Uzis, greased ski masks pulled down 
And when it's time to move, I roll a bucket 
So. If I kill up shit fuck it 
I'm up outta there it's time to hit me a fence, 
Ditch my gat, and get a room at the SixPence 
Shower and change to get up out of the black 
And. Then I'm back 
I'm in the streets. Again, I read a paper 
That says At large 
A killer with a helluva charge. 
His name was Richie Rich 
His motive. To start shit, 
You got a gat and badge, I'm not duckin 
Fuck, the Klans, the Kluin and the Kluckin 
You see. I know that shit, I'm not a dummy 
And when they get me down to the station and try to run me. 
I cold got a alias that will never ever fail. 
You say that it does. Then I will quickly post bail, 
Then back to the streets to get my money on and pop 
Throw away the tickets and say'fuck the cops' 
Am. I goin to court Hell nah you serious 
Man, I'm gettin furious 
Cause. The way things look we'll never have peace, 
I'm, holdin court in the street, 
 
, D-Loc, 
It ain't easy in this time and age 
See. Those are rough days, locked away in a muthafuckin cage 
Never. Will they catch a young brother like me again, 
I'm gon na run until eternity ends 
Fuck that I'm not havin it 
It, don't make sense, cause it's just dumb, bullshit 
Be in court on a certain date and certain time, 
A nigga like me, hits the borderline. 
I ain't goin out like a sucker 
I, strive too hard for mines, muthafucka 
Think. You can take what I built and break it down. 
Suprisize. You got a bullet in your crizzown 
Cause. I ain't. The one to be played. 
Gettin paid is my prerogative, 
You. Think not Well, then think again, 
Think about the shit that I talk. 
Because I don't take shorts. I just dust a muthafucka off 
Come up or run up on me 
But. When you step to the Locster, don't come weak, 
Be prepared for do or die. You lose your life 
Cause when you're fuckin with Loc it ain't, nothin, nice 
So to the punk police, I'm sayin, this 
Drop, the gat and let's get with it. 
I ain't trippin. We can't have peace, 
You wan na talk to me. Let'S hold court in the streets
 
