Court Is in Session Lyrics
by Queen Latifah.


All rise for me.
Ain't nobody stops my flows as if you didn't know.
All eyes on me.
I've been doing it for sometime, i'm back to blow ya mind!

Rap.
Court is in session i'm the judge jury and the prosecution, my word cos mine.
conjugus.
Ain't no need for confusion i'm here to stay me in the rap game party together.
like fusion.
I wanna talk to Illuminati wanna let you ladies whose first hits screen gets.
me bar.

different nationality.
From MC like calories what ya need to do is pay homage and make some sister.
challenge me.
Like i said just me on wax i'll be of value and it'll happen when you least.
expected exactly.
If ain't rough i can do without it and some of you all MCs in hiphop just.
making the game crowded.
Let's play a little game of elimination or detonation, separate the rack like.
segregation.

All rise for me.
Ain't nobody stops my flows as if you didn't know.
All eyes on me.
I've been doing it for sometime, i'm back to blow ya mind!

Rap.
You know whats up choice stay on my piece you ain't no rapper you just play.
one on TV or radio and CD.
Acting like you wanna see me but really cheeky geek i ain't see me.
Check out my whole unit row this new kid study my scripts like the dead sea.
scroll.
My M.O i'm in the back of a stretch land-cruise limo paying customer shot.
dollar dicussing.
You see i am trying to hear nothing so i'm back to recap like Elmino, winds.
blow, clouds thunder spins the earth off its axis.
Me slash rapper, slash actress, slash if you trying to front we get your ass.
kicked, we used P.O.W torture tactics.
Who trying to get at us, cos my friends i feel pleasure in your pain like i.
should never.
I should bronx my pimp we should be hanging platinum, pix i'm stackin' em.
Classics from me is automatic, i keep' em hitting in the attic.
Ladies rock to this, fellas on the floor grab your crotch to this, watch my.
progression court is in session.

Rap.
Flog your interest, pay attention to every sentence, all rise for me, all eyes.
on me.
Send a shout-out of respect to all my people living, check the check it's.
gonna be alright.
I rule in favor of the unit with a flavour, we make moves this major, this.
style coming like a pager.

we off the meat-rat.
See that i know you wanna be like us real, already we that you can't be that,.
believe that.
Make you jump outta your gatters and boots, sweats and limo suits, we winning.
my records on the table spinning.
All our pockets getting fat while you thinning, you can't fade us we've been.
hustling since beginning.
Put you hands in the air even if you hate us, we master of profession, court.
is in session.

