Crash & Burn (Crash Diss) Lyrics
by XP.


Breaking news here in the city of Winston-Salem, 17-year old Brandon Oliveri
died in a hit and run accident today on his way home from a concert. He
leaves behind his parents, Leigh and Al in his memory. Live with more
information Aaron XP Webb Aaron ... 
 
It started off as Nothing personal 
You were kinda annoying, but I wasn't looking for beef to grow. 
It'S XP must've forgot, who he was speaking to 
If. You talk that shit come up close and speak up. Dude 
Did. You know that this faggot using Audacity 
I'd happily smash him for thinking. He could match XP 
Expectedly I'll, probably murk this nigga on any beat 
Inevitably I'll, kill him and resurrect him just to smash. This beat 
Dude he's such a faggot bitch 
Says, the gayest shit, but then swears that he's not gay as shit 
You know what they say. Liar Liar Pants On Fire 
I'll light his ass with a match and drop inside a lair with lions, 
It's kinda, sad that he has to get burned. After 
This Poindexter will show he's Sick Boi cause, I'm not just a rapper 
He such a whiny, ass bitch, who Can'T write music for shit, 

X, 
 
Do, you know the nothing man 
The, nothing, man, the nothing man 
Do. You know the nothing man 
The, nothing, man, the nothing man 
Do. You know the nothing man 
The, nothing man, the nothing man 
The, the the the 
The, nothing man, the nothing man, 
 
Let's talk bout, Never Been Done. It'S kinda, clever and fun. 
I really got a lack of tolerance, son 
To watch you be original 
Pick. Your flow everything you've said up till now has been done before 
And you have the early symptoms, 
Of Dude. No One Cares About, But Is Always Talking affliction 
You're like the special kid who's entertaining. So they take you with them
 
And. Ask you to spit you, get choked up with conviction. 
Since you like Gambino, so much 
I switched the beat up and fucked you up with his flow 
Dude is so bitch made and he so basic 
Probably emo. That'S why he wears all the bracelets 
Niggas talk on Facebook, but in life they all racist, 
My, rollie, so racist all black faces 
Cut em out. It'S probably all word of mouth 
 
Do. You know the nothing man 
The, nothing, man, the nothing man 
Do. You know the nothing man 
The, nothing, man, the nothing man 
Do. You know the nothing man 
The, nothing man, the nothing man 
The, the the the 
The, nothing man, the nothing man 
 
And. I promise this really isn't fiction. 
This, dude's best friends. All wanted me to diss him 
What's up with that. Can'T you see this dude is wack. 
Licking nutsack pedophiles want their mustache back 
So. I tried to stop this beef from what it was 
It's ironic, his name's Crash. When that's really all he does 
It's absurd. To think that he can match words 
With the lyrical mastermind, who spends his time rhyming 
I. Guess they never learn to watch the shit that they blurt 
XP on this scene. You know nigga, 
CRASH AND BURN
 
