Crematorium Lyrics
by Virtuoso.

Am I advanced life form or primitve animal.
I bite brains like hannibal, brandish two, spiked head crowbars to hammer you.
I'm tyrannical, on the rhythm I'm mechanical.
Natural antidote sanicle, hydro-botanical.
I spin records like dreidels in tornados.
So play those on turntables the crematorium burn labels.
Your hilarious, your position is precarious.
I'm nefarious, spread malaria through areas.
Snipe your alias, if your life is vicarious.
Tight lariats on your skull pulled by chariots.
With various, violent yanks the heretic.
Start tearing it, off your shoulders to bury it.
Slash fangs beyond your gangleon.
A christ like life except the mic is the cross that they hang me on.
Your satan, a comedian, split you like a median.
Volcanically erupt and spit obsedian.
Vs. simpletons virt's power is olympian.
No minion, can enter my flow dominion.
Cantibridgian, smash legs I'll wreck your knee on.
A spiked mace thats shaped like a decahedron.
I bust open men so much blood flowing them.
Need a custodian, just to get hold of them.
Mop your intestines, off the marble after I carve you.
Make you gargle my flow thats as harmful as car fuel.
Catapulting fire and liquid metal like Vulcan.
Mics I handle those like Michaelangelo sculpting.
The emulsion of my flow it be pulsing.
Smash skulls in, leading to your souls expulsion.
My compusions, to cause a violent divulsion.
Of your dome from your shoulders with my molten propulsion.
Resulting in your torso on the floor in convulsions.
While your head drips red in the claws of the sultan.

The weak lyric discriminator the beat bigot.
Let the record rotate like a pivot.
I shine like a gold ingot.
Control the flow like a spigot, come swig it.
Then fill your grave after I dig it.
I'm back thru divine intervention, resurrection.
My pencil lead ejection will split your head into sections.
I'm projecting no contesting.
My progress in sound degrees with my boundary transgression.
Lesson, men walk on blood cause it's thicker than water.
Wanna understand the scripture come and sit with the author.
I'm a deity, I suggest you express peity.
Essence I'm omnipresent the lesson there's no secrecy.
Omnificient, omniscient, omnipotent.
I'm my only critic of course gods a hypocrite.
It's unclear how your parliament, could resist my armament.
I'm bombing it now, no time to ponder it.
It's ominous like the prediction of a comet hit.
It's obvious my flow is bottomless, yours is homogenous.
Society's shaped by economists.
I fondle it in erogenous manners then mold it into a monolith.
The consequence is unification of continents.
With constant common sense and communicatory competence.
I'm unilateral, I don't care who it matters to.
I'll soon splatter you, by the full moon stabbing you.
V's degree's Ph D, professional heart dismantler.
Part-man part-tarantula.
Harpy handler my hearts a sampler.
Shark philanderer my parts the chancellor.
The literator the originator your an imitator.
Just a simulator powered by my generator.
The terminator vindicator get a respirator and defibrillator.
If you battle the incinerator!!

