Critical Lyrics
by Zion I.

Zumbi 
Yo checkout, the superb tech cashin'
checks through dialect 
Doper than the gold around your neck. 
This is my manuscript to spit lyrics like fat. Spliffs 
I show the whole damn world my gift, 
For Paris, I'm speakin' upon powerful, just like a pawn 
Positioned in the proper placement. 
Focus like militant deep as concentrational caverns 
Devising secret plans on spitting atoms, 
I verbalize lust to bust 
Just as dangerous as watching Mt. Vesuvius erupt 
Corrupt, a data disk from the super soul, powered slums, 
I-N-I Planet Asia, make it bump bump 
I'm deep off in the trunk. Swats call
it crunk 
The 15 inch whoofers make the beat go
thump 
I dump clips of pros goes. 
The chillin' is killin'. With the illest type flows, 
 
Rap legends presidents felt Nas'Nas is Like' 
Put us together, Mobb Deep'Survival of the Fittest' 
The outcome is Critical. Gza/Genius 
Set it off Jeru The Damaja'Mental Stamina' 
, 
Planet Asia, 
Yo vocally blessed to beat you into submission 
I paddle units which protrude from the underside of trains 
Do not touch. I'M high voltage like the third electric 
Emergency phones needed in every tunnel for this murder method. 
You'Re dealing with the armed forces, we wave warm torches 
Through the trenches of the onslaughtness 
 up next, I'm anticipated 
Post. My plan is to stay behind my every line stated 
Deluxe, eon, flux-uate what I pronunciate 

Life as it is baby Zion. I got me flyin' high 
My mind's inside music, symbolic to I-N-I 
This ain't, the Sci-Fi Channel 
We, true and living legends of this beat freak committee 
Clash Of the Titans through the vinyl 
When. We splash the Atlas with the rules of the game, 
We out the old school and came to drop a jewel on your brain .
 
Zumbi 
My brother, hit me on the game said that we original man 
And. We manifested here to spit slang, 
I thought a minute and let it sink deep. Like the Titanic, 
We wider than the ocean of Atlantic 
Pacifical, mythical styles in the west, it's gettin' wild 
I'm chillin', like the Sphinx upon the Nile 
Reverberating. Why is you hatin' hip hop? We creatin 
Across the desert sands. We be bakin' my melanin 
The key to lock rock spots and flocks 
Walk the rugged avenue with my B-Boy bop 
It's evolution, toss a pebble at the devil and smile 
I'm rebellion, while propelling freestyles, 
 
Planet Asia, 
From the bottom to the top. I made a lot of em drop, 
Hip hop's, the lifestyle of urban civilians and even cops 
No. It don't stop once again, another classic fantastic rap shit 
That'll make y'all MCs wan na practice, 
How to lock shit down like Daddy As I blaze mics for days 
Hit. The page light stage and burn Sage then engage 
This ain't, a faze or some played out gimmick 
That's worth to for the fact that most of y'all cats is timid, vivid 
Views of the do and don't don't apply. 
To the uncompromising Planet, Asia Zion. I 
Worldwide renown zones of the chosen few 
Verbal shots. I cipher rhymes to leave holes in you, 
 
