Crossing The Line Lyrics
by XEL.


See I don't really know if I'm a make it.
But the theory of my pain in my songs holds tight.
Everything we living in is basic.
And there ain't no heat for us in the long cold night.
So face it, this place is, the Matrix.
I'm tired of the thoughts on my mind.
Veins filling up with the hatred, I'm crossing the line.

See everybody out here really wanna break my neck.
Take my check until I'm right there in the room and ain't nobody make a threat.
8th of ces to my brain staying fresh.
With these lames and never having a day of rest.
In the graves where I lay regrets.
Pen to page, anyway, lemme say I'm stressed.
Slaying vets everyday and still I stay depressed.
I ain't gonna stop till I'm off in a maisonette.
See I put every little bit of my heart into this music.
But ain't nobody give a fuck, I'm starting to feel stupid.
Like what I've been doing with my life? I'm a failure in everything.
I'm off into the dark and I'm lose it.
Tell me what you wanna see.
Tell me what you want me to rap about till you're done with me.
Everybody thinking that this skill come for free.
I done paid my dues ain't no other fees.
Ain't no rays of light in my life, only Sunny D.
Smothering the suffering inside of me I'm running G.
Trying to get away from demons they my company.
And life a bitch sweet as honey, till she sting you like a bumblebee.
Somebody need to get me outta this place.
I be worried about the bills, you be worried about your mixtapes.
You don't like the food that you was eating, well let's switch plates.
12‘s finna thump man the shit quakes.

See I wake up on the wrong side of the bed every single day.
Asshole, prick, dick, whatever bruh, swing away.
I just take comfort knowing I'm the King of Spades.
In this bitch I'm a bring the blades, time to clean a grave.
So tell me why you seem afraid.
Cause I came to take your money like a meter maid.
Auf Wiedersehen, asalaam alikum, can you read the page?
Gabriel the Archangel walking down the path that Peter paved.
Life is like building pyramids and we the slaves.
We don't see the wages, cause we, be in cages.
They got our paychecks in the air playing keep away.
Is a doctor in the house? Doctor House, I'm being paged.
Watch your mouth, and what you talk about.
This for all you shitty artists it's a PSA.
I be on that heavy dope shit like a ki of yay.
Tell me I'm a legend in the making I'm a lead the way.
I be really humble when they view me in the streets.
Cause I ain't did a damn thing and this truly is reach.
I ain't gonna make it outta here still chewing up these beats.
I need a Snow White in my cold life, Beauty and the Beast.
Stayed broke, what they know about that?
Remember the days when we couldn't afford a fucking mouse trap.
Douse rats in the gasoline and feed em to the house cat.
That's what you get fucking bitch, let your mouth flap.

