Crown Lyrics
by Run the Jewels.


Down with the shame 
Down with the shame 
Used to walk traps in the rain, with cocaine 
Used to write raps in the traps. As I sat in the rain and I prayed that God
give me, a lane 
Give me a lane. 
Give me, the fame 
Give me the fame and I promise to change 
Won't, be the same. 
Won'T be the same type of man that puts cocaine in this lady's hand 
Heard she was pregnant, I'm guilty, I reckon cause. I hear that good shit, can
hurt baby's brain 
Heard. He was normal'til three and then he stopped talkin' 
Since. Then ain't nothin been the same 
Seen her some years later out in Decatur, told her. I'M sorry for causin' her
pain 
Causin' me pain. 
Causin' me pain, 
She, asked again and then grabbed my right hand. 
Asked. Am I crazy said, look here baby, I release you from all of your sins
and, your shame. 
Cause I've been redeemed, 
I found in Christ 
Whatever it take. I hope you find it Mike 
The. Look on her face shown that glory replaced all the shame and the hate and
that. She wears a crown. 
My late, grandma Bettie had prayed with her heavy and told her to tell me lay
my burdens down 
 
Can't pick up no crown holding 
What's holding you down. 
Can'T pick up no crown holding 
What's holding you down 
Can't pick up. No crown can't pick up no crown 
 
 El-P Killer, Mike 
 
Carried the flag in some other men's name, 
Loaded my weapon and swore to them vengeance and stepped with aggression
right into the fray. 
Into, the haze 
Into, the murk 
Told me to prove to them what I was worth. 
We'Ll teach you to move without mercy and give you the tools to go after the
causers of hurt, 
You'll become death, 
You will take breath. 
This is for everything you've ever loved 
Use. All the pain that you've felt in your life as the currency go out. And
Trade it for blood 
You are not you, 
You are now us. 
We are the only ones that you can trust, 
You'll become fear, 
They'll become dust 
Before. This moment you didn't mean much. 
You are the smoldering vessel of punishment born to do nothing but justify us
 
Give us your empathy, we'll give you lust 
Let yourself go my son time to grow up 
Give up your childish obsession with questioning 
Anything, we don't tell you is irrelevant. 
Everything you've ever been. Is replaced by the metal and fire of the weapon
you clutch 
 
Can't pick up no crown holding 
What's holding you down. 
Can'T pick up no crown holding 
What's holding you down 
Can't pick up. No crown can't pick up. No crown 
 
Can't pick up no crown holding 
What's holding you down. 
Can'T pick up, no crown holding 
What's holding you down. 
Can'T pick up. No crown 
Can't pick up. No crown holding 
What's holding you down. 
Can'T pick up no crown holding 
What's holding you down
 
