Cruising USA Lyrics
by Blanco.


Yeah, I'm into finer things I'm into buying things 
And, I don't mean just to so I can say that I'm a Cali king 
I got my on Nike's on feeling, like I'm right at home, 
Colder than the ice up in my styrofoam 
I know the feds want My iPhone 
But I'mma grind untill, they throw me and that iron hole 
And. When I get out I'mma, get it tenfold 
And. When I get it, I'mma kick it in the door. 
And everything life has to offer. 
But life is cheap, so it'll cost you 
I got some skeletons in my closet. 
Some motherfuckers tried to rob me now they in a 
That's a message. If you're plotting 
Conscious my revolver 
I got some hungry ass lawyers 
The type. It take to build a case and beat the shit for you, 
 
Smoking in the Bay. So Jackie give me the K. 
Funny thing I was a jacker back in the day. 
Run up in the spot, with the trey pound 
Everybody lay down 
We got it cheap. 20 for the K now 
I, don't give a damn if your man wrong 
Told you that if your mans strong 
Eating roasted crab out in 
Try to open your eyes in a sandstorm 
That's like seeing ghost loading guns and coke 
I'll shoot you and take your herb Cause I need to smoke 
I'm a gangster'til I die cause. I took the oath 
Tell Blanco homie go on the console. 
Roll the cookies up show them niggas how the dons roll 
Drinking ?'till your minds, blown 
Spending money having fun so the time's flown 
If. You ain't got no money, get your grind on 
And. I don't need diamonds to keep the shine on 
 
As. I get blowed smoking, Keisha Cole 
Unravel that pack of weight twist'em like a pita roll 
Dope prices. For me to know, for you to buy 
I supply'em distrubute 
Bills to the sky got ta get this loot. 
Summertime ride got ta, get that coupe 
 brew 
Skimask on 
Came for the money and the ice. If you play with you life 
Motherfucker, you could lose that too 
Yeah nigga. You could lose that shoe 
Got, a clean'82, all blue 
And, I put it on bold 
The hustling and the pimping hoes man - that's all I do 
All I want is dope and weed 
Shoot. My niggas out to Vegas, let's go blow some cheese 
Hoes gone play that hokey pokey up that sour dough 
We past. Am they dusting cocaine up their nose, 
My nigga? All I ever wanted was some dope and weed 
I'mma sold my strip up pick a bad bitch up and go blow some cheese 
She pop up that pussy. As I sit back and smoking platinum, kush 
That's how I play it. It'S amazing, where this game she took it: 
 
