Crystal Blue Lyrics
by ViZion.


I was soaring on the other side of life.
I was so far down, I nearly reached the other side.
In a dark room, getting twisted like a light.
Cloud smoke up in my mind was amplifying like a mic.
Trying to make something out of nothing on this balcony.
Like alchemy was glowing, with blue gold up in my mind.
I hate me cause I doubted me, and wasted all this time.
But the best is coming out of me, so now you see me shine.
And I won't, stop, the sky is my ambition.
And success is my addiction, destination is the top.
So I'm rolling like a paper, escalating like a vapor.
Emanating like a laser, and I swear I'll never stop, yeaa.

We dream, we fly.
Hallucinating in our minds.
We see, the lights.
Forget the time we were floating on cloud nine.

And this is how I'm feeling, if you see my situation.
Now that every indication, is I'm changing destinations.
Yea I built it from the ground up, foundations are deep.
Like these thoughts in my mind, which are leaking on this sheet.
But I'm on the way, in the game and I'm here to stay.
On the plane and my windows blue, jet setting and I'm making moves.
More love, big up to my whole crew, NYC ill see you soon.
Been dreaming of this day since I woke up in all those mazes.

So we live like, there is no tomorrow.
So my dreams I follow, wherever they lead me.
So high, over all my sorrows.
Never see me hollow, what I'm rushing to.
Is so close.
Electric field I'm running to.
I feel you.
In my veins, this Crystal Blue.

Blue is how I feel, ice cool like an igloo.
And it's blue up to the ceiling, yea the clouds I'm coming through.
Blue is in the sky, so I'm lit up like the moon.
And it's way over my head, like I'm in a blue lagoon.
I know you've got some blue in you, sereline and that indigo.
If you want it, never let it go, get your boat and just row.
Life is just a dream, so my levitation is mean.
And my meditation is clean, and I'm chasing after that green, duckets.
Make it blue rain by the bucket.
When you have a struggle then you know better trust it.
Fuck it I'm blue, daban dee dabandie, till the day that I Die.
I'll be living my life, fuck a budget.

We dream, we fly.
Hallucinating in our minds.
We see, the lights.
Forget the time we were floating on cloud nine.

It's so close.
Electric field I'm running to.
I feel you.
In my veins, it's Crystal Blue.

Dealing with my satans, I've been sitting at this table.
With these rubies all around me, trying to drown me in temptation.
Dealing with my demons, and I'm breathing with these dragons.
But there's blue all in our souls, so these devils cannot have 'em.
Out the door and I'm on the plane.
I'm off the ground now I'm into space.
Don't fuck around, just make it real.
Cause it's all around, feel it in the air.
Life aware, I see the picture painted, plus now I know the game.
Lights are there, and there crystal ain't it, so you're gonna know our names.

