Cut Back (Since June) Lyrics
by Sweatshop Union.


Been away every day.
Since June.
On the road doing shows.
Since June.
Half drunk every month.
Since June.

And honey, I really think I need to.
Cut back.
Barely slept all week.
Cut back.
Barely kept on beat.
Cut back.
Honey I truly think I see.
I need to cut back.
I need to cut back.
I need to cut back.
I need to cut back.

I smoke and drink, I cuss like sin.
I smell like hotel linen and Gin.
Cause I've been on a binge.
Where I just sip and then grin.
Stumbling 'round my day from beginning to end.

And I've been feeding the trend.
From evening to AM my friend.
I wish I could stop, I'm just so damn dependant.

Haven't been home for a minute and I'm whiped out.
Getting older by the minute and I'm like wow.
I won't admit it but I'm in it for the lifestyle.
It can be wicked but I'm sticking with it right now.
Deep breath, release out, one more drink, one more joint.
Each time one more thing, then roll up late.
In a Super 8 Motel, know this rate I won't rejunivate so well.
Oh hell don't tell me to slow down, it won't help.
I'm in too deep to know how.
Know why? We're doing it to get the show live.
Besides, it goes hand and hand with the road life.

Been away since when.
On the road to no end.
Have drunk since 10AM.

Who really knew the routine.
Would lose any way of amusing me.
But it ain't what it used to be.
It's like a new day, new city, new club new shit.
But it ain't news to me.

See the same posh hotels.
Across the street the same Taco Bells.
Same malt lix, and 26 of off sales.
McDeaks and benedicts come on now.

Same old towns, same old crowds.
Same ups and downs, the same old routes now.
The same drained feeling for the next few weeks.
Same sent of cigarettes on the beds used sheets.
Making the same late night calls from hotel rooms.
Saying the same broken promises, I'll be home soon.
Facing same headaches and woes as those when I left.
Taking in every second the alarm ain't set.
And it all gets further and further out of control.
The further we go begin to worry, I know.
Its early but yo, don't want to lose my grip on a whole.
And wind up some washed up piece of shit on the road.

Sweatshop pick em off with a tight track.
To hit em hard like a Louisville spiked hat.
You like that? You can't help but come right back.
Grab your lifejack, we're going to wile-out tonight man.
If you're with us, put up your right hand, hold up.
If you're with us, but up your lights and, hold up.
Get em high, gonna rock like a live band.
Creative Minds so where the **** you been holding at?
We keep it all hype, all night, alright.
So you put to bed all that dead shit you call tight.
Don't want to be like y'all type.
Y'all might just be the weakest tripe that ever saw a mic.
Its Dusty Melo and my man Marmalade.
2 reps from the Sweatshop 7 large brigade.
We spit the sickest shit said split in bars of 8.
And make it so the number 1 spot is hard to take.

Huu!

