D3mons Lyrics
by Zoetic.


Hit 'em wit' the hatchet put 'em in that closed casket.
Yo bitch she so ratchet, her face i wanna patch.
Yea, i wear red like a blood, but i'm far from a thug.
But i'll still put you to sleep, lay 'em down like a rug.
I done come out and dug, grindin slow like a slug.
When i'm slanging them drugs, all the haters mean mug.
My lines off the grill like a barbeque, cause i'm hot dog.
Going all over the country wit' the chopper like a wild hog.
Screaming bonzai, strapped up like a samurai.
Pry open my third eye my mind is ready to die.
Feelin' loose wit' a girl after she down some martinis.
Grant her wishes like a genie eat her punani like panini.
The industry frowns on my hustle for being a cracker.
Ghost writin' the game my words possessin' all these rappers.
And ya'll just run away when i get ta pullin' on these clappers.

Put 'em in a hearse, i write something new like its already been rehearsed.
It's a curse.

Tarot cards read my destiny.
Engineered chemically.
To destroy anyone on this planet who tries to step to me.
Barbarian, a viking, spit faster than lightning.
Half vampire, lycan, bigger than a titan.
Changin' tides with a triton, let my fuckin' pupils whiten.
If you, try ta, stop, me.
You'll get, cut up, my, g.
Haters, back up, no mitch bade.
Talk shit, shoot the shit, bitch get sprayed!
Got these demons inside that make my emotions collide.
They whisper and confide, to turn into Mr. Hyde.
Three pieces of my heart, scattered and torn apart.
I didn't think i was smart enough to let the flame start.
Got a plethora of bitches livin' under my shirt.
I scream and i curse, inside, cause i know that it hurts.
And they don't understand, about this fucked up man.
Who's had these big ass plans, since my career has began.
When i spit on a track, BTGM had my back.
FMI was in the bitch, with the click and the clack.
Yea i know my style's different but my rhymes aren't wack.
Go and ask about Zac, i got guns bigger than Shaq.
The impact, from the mac will fuckin' get yo skull cracked.
I'm just statin' the facts, i'll stop you dead in yo tracks.
When the sun goes down, that's when the beast comes out.
Straight from the east coast, but i'm hotter than the south.

Ok, middle finger to my rivals.
Put my right hand on the Bible.
I will cut you up like Psycho.
These bullets will touch you, Michael.
I'm Zoetic, that means i'm vital.
Bitch my tattoos are not tribal.
You gon' need some holy water and a preacher's revival, that's my go.

