Da Darkside Lyrics
by Yung Ro.


Try to help em understand Pain. The underground 
What happens, yeah street shit, nigga 
Where, my street niggas at you wondering why wait up 
, 
Ain't, no sunshine when she's gone 
It's, not warm when she's away, 
Ain't, no sunshine, when she's gone, 
And she's always gone too long. 
Anytime she goes away: 
, 
Yung, Ro, 
And. I'Ve been searching for your love, 
In desperate need of your warmth, say heaven. I need a hug 
Cause on the darkside, it's cold. We sinning 
So cold. It'S a damn, shame. I think it froze my feelings. 
Now, I'm a numb. Nigga started off as mama's boy 
The, baby boy, but the game shady boy. I hate it boy, 
Ain't, seen love since mama, rocked me to sleep 
Standing on the block and the streets with killers, cocking they heat 
Yeah and they plotting to creep. 
Watching your feet move wrong and they'll rock you to sleep: 
But, ain't, no lulibys when the pistol sing to ya 
Nothing, but drama and plex what these vilians bring to ya 
Can't, say I'm innocent and all this bullshit 
Cause. Since mama left me, I been riding with a full clip: 
It's kill or be killed, get real or get drilled. 
Or stay. The fuck out of the streets play your part and sit still nigga 
 
Yung Ro 

Cause way. Before the limelight. I been doing crimes right. 
Just some background info for those who curious 
Rose a period, nothing after me and I'm serious 
So don't make me make you one of my victims. 
Cause. You can't find that motherfucker. If I say I'm gon get him 
Cause, I'm gon get him and they gon get him and put him on a stretcher, 
Yes, sir. You can bet ya dollar I'll catch ya. 
And! You won't see it coming cause, I'm a pro 
Times hard and for the right price you got ta go so 
Be careful when you strolling on my darkside 
Cause. When you battling a best, you got ta. Have your heart right, 
And! It'S the same for me, but peep. What I keep baby 
My 3-80 shit. The streets made me 
So. You can judge a nigga, but you can't budge a nigga 
And. It'S nobody nigga cause. Nobody love a nigga like that. 
 
