Dad Lyrics
by Unnamed.

While you were living your life, I was growing up.
And unfortunately, it was tough.
But I ain't the type to complain.
I simply lived my life like there was no change.
Which there wasn't, it's not like I was used to you being here.
I don't have a single memory of my Dad being there.
You were gone before I could even fucking walk.
I woulda learned a lot faster if I studied you leaving, you just disappeared.
You kept walking 'till you were completely out of my life.
You came back a few years later after you met your wife.
When it came to the weekend, I spent it with you, it was alright.
Then you left again. And left no brightness for me, it was endless night.
Me and my Mum in a tiny flat.
I'm trying to help her snap out her panic attacks.
Man I just wish my Dad was back.

But that was when I was a kid, it's all in the past.
That don't mean things have got better, this shit's like a car crash.
And I'm the guy who gets to live.
While everybody else goes up and leaves their kid.
And lives in paradise despite their endless sins.
While I sit back and look at the fucked up world that I live in.
One woman looking after three kids.
Cause my brother's Dad did the same thing you did.
But they still see their Dad at the weekend.
I have to travel on a train just so I can pretend.
That you give a fuck, but I'm out of luck.
I don't know why I do it, I'm used to seeing you.
I'm a bastard, but I don't like to believe it's true.
A fantasy in my own mind is what I've conceived.
And like anything else, it had to feed.
So I keep going out of my way to see you, because that's what I need.
I spent money on train fare that I could've spent on weed.
Just so I could come to your house and read.
My own comic books because you were nowhere to be seen.
You were never home, you were providing for the kids that you actually care.
about.
You were at the Dome, making money to pay.
for your new TV and this massive house.
But still couldn't afford the money to help me or my Mum out.
While she couldn't even pay for my Christmas present one year.
You did nothing and my Mum was in tears.
She couldn't even check her account balance without breaking down.
You could've helped, even if you didn't wanna stick around.
You act like you're unaware of me.
You've never done a single thing to show that you care for me.
My future, you were meant to prepare for me.
So next time I get a shitty Facebook message.
I'll make sure I reply carefully.
Cause the last time you saw me I was still in school.
Now I've grown up I'm trying to make my own money cause I never got shit from.
you.
Even when you come to my city.
You don't ask to see me.
You say you came to see family.
But that shit just cannot be.
Because I thought that meant me as well.
I ain't even mad at you, I blame myself.
I shouldn't have believed that along with the wealth.
You would need your fucking son, or anybody else.
And when we do talk to each other we barely speak.
You just tell me how you're broke and that used to make me feel peak.
But now I know it's bullshit you say so I get no money this week.
And you'll have a little more P to throw this week.
And make a little more P off a wrestling show this week.
And then you can just sit back and watch while I float down shit's creek.
Cause that's how you treat your oldest kid.
It was like that when I was younger, but now if you offered me twenty quid.
I'd use it to pick up dog shit.
And throw it back at you.
Because I don't want shit from you.
It's fucking pitiful.
It would have made me miserable.
But now it's so hysterical.
To think that you were bearable.
It's terrible.
You left me to the side like a vegetable.
And this track is so fucking regrettable.
I just wanna get the message through:.
Dad, I fucking miss you.

And while I'm writing this shit I'm reaching for another tissue.

I don't mean to bring shit up like a dog walker.
But you know I'm not much of a talker.
And this has been following me everywhere like a stalker.
Picking up the phone seems like a tall order.
I just wanna hit the ground already, somebody make the fall shorter.
I remember the time we were on a kiddie coaster.
You tipped the attendant to make the ride go again over and over.
And told me that the fucking breaks were broken.
Those times were golden.
And I remember when we used to stay up late.
Just so we could watch wrestling that was filmed in the states.
Come four o'clock we'd still be awake.
Saying we can't believe the cell would break.
Man we used to hate when people said it was fake.
And while most boys play football with their Dad.
Me and you were in the ring and I'd put on my elbow pads.
And we'd wrestle, not all of our times were bad.
Like the time when you took me to the arena.
Look up and see a massive poster of John Cena.
My Dad smiles and hands me the ticket.
I love having a father so much, I just fucking miss it.

You could have helped me through the ride.
If you were by my side.
I miss you, I miss you.
You never gave my ass a dime.
I still miss you all the time.
I miss you, I miss you.
Maybe one day you'll come back.
We could reminisce and laugh.
I miss you, please come back.
We could stay up late again.
Like we used to do back then.
If you came back, please come back.
My Mum says you're a waste of time.
I don't know if she is lying.
Please help me, I miss you.
I just wanna see my Dad.
Sorry if I've made you mad.
I just miss you, I miss you.

