Daffy Wuz a Black Man Lyrics
by Two Kings in a Cipher.

Hands off, copper, hands off, copper!
Some people never know.

You didn't think you saw a puddy cat.
What you saw was a black duck.
Played and portrayed like he was wack, what the fuck.
Was you doing? The image of the duck you tried to ruin.
So we were pursuing, like Wile E Coyote.
You dig it? Sylvester and Tweety, Gonzales was Speedy.
But the duck I bet nobody knows he was supposed to.
Represent a nigger, you wonder how we figure?
Cause when Bugs got the laugh, Daffy got the trigger.
Elmer Fudd was a goddamn blood clot.
So how that sucker own a mansion and a yacht?
He got paid through exploitation of a brother.
So to speak, whose lips resembled a beak.
Now he's known only as the late-night fronter.
You've seen the last of the great white hunter.
Removed without no further ado, now smoking crack.
Or macking honeys with Pepe Le Pew.
See you didn't think we knew the plan.
Or possibly understand, Daffy was a black man.

That is correct! Absolutely 100% correct!
Some people never know.
How do you like that, simple mover?
Some people never know.
There's something awfully screwy going on around here.

You're just despicable, the way you thought that we were jigaboo.
And to belive and receive Bugs as our hero, no.
He's not too colorful, so why even should we?
We hate the freaking flag, how the hell can we like Woody?
The wood-chewer, who always tried to do a.
Buzzard, or was it because of the fact that Buzzard too is black?
Porky Pig would have loved that.
That's right, that's all folks is wack.
Act like you didn't notice or uncover a brother.
In beaks and feathers instead of sheeps and leathers.
Whatever the reasoning for rabbit seasoning.
They thought we were dumb, got slick and picked the chicken wing.
Painted it black, called it a Mallard duck.
But Mallard ducks are grey, so now what's up?
And the brother like Ra has come along.
I brought the map, D.O.P. brought the gun along.
From New York City down south to Selma.
Be very, very quiet, we're hunting Elmer.
Your days are up, your times are numbered.
Be right and exact and  Daffy was a black man.

How am I ever going to catch that screwy duck?
Some people never know.
Precisely what I was wondering my little nimrod.
Some people never know.
That's all folks, that's all folks....

