Damn Right I Got It Lyrics
by Wordplay.


Damn right, I got it damn right, I got it. 
Racks up in my pocket got so much green. It'S like I'm snotty 
Shitting on niggas got ta potty this trigger on this 30 imma pop it 
Kill yourself, lil' nigga, like Kurt Cobain and his shotty 
My swag. So vibrant your bitch say she want it. 
She asked if I had that rubber. I said: damn right: I got it. 
Honey Cocaine, I'd bang, her Twatching cause, I'm a stranger 
I'll smash it I'll bash it home, run. Texas, Ranger 
Word Play is too raw. No T-Raww, like Tyga 
I, keep that 9. I call it my lighter spit. My lyrics I'll set you on fire 
Imma unsigned artist. I draw guns like an artist 
I'm A1, I'm the smartest 
Nah. Your bitch give me brain now: she's the smartest 
Black ass nigga, your a ninja, putting up my middle finger, 
Eating that pussy like Zingers, I don't pull muscles. I pull triggers 
Word Play is so raunchy. I can turn the mall into a block party. 
They bitches be so naughty yeah. They government name is probably Bonnie. 
And Clyde, bitch open your eyes, 
Eating these clown ass, rappers, McDonald's, fries 
I'm in a fucking new era, and I ain't talking about this snapback 
This bitch, so dirty sucked all the balls out. My sack 
 
Fuck nigga get ya bands up; 
Fuck nigga, get ya bands up; 
Fuck nigga, get ya bands up 
We getting money. We trust up, 
It's a stick up, get your hands up! 
It'S a stick up, get your hands up! 
It'S a stick up! Get your hands up 
I'm, getting money, I'm turnt up, 
 
Dark nigga, but my bitch light on that Curren $ y shit that Jet Life 
Bitches that's fake. As my ID that's that shit that I don't like 
I ain't, tryna cuff I just wan na fuck 
Niggas be stuttering. L-L-Like Daffy Duck 
Black circle on this ice. That'S hockey, puck 
You ran out of bullets. You shit out of luck, 
So much pussy. I got a kitty: litter 
That loud, be smelling like kitty litter 
We'll, throw you out the window. We litter 
I'll fuck, your bitch and your sister 
Your bitch be calling me mister 
Come through your hood, like twister 
Pop, the trunk and pull out guns about the size of Hitler. 
The Holocaust ain't got shit on what I'm'bout to do to your crew. 
I wish this nigga could choo-choo 
I killed. This beat now what you gon do 
And I'm out and I ate all the food in your house, 
Red Phillies snapback and you know what I'm'bout bitch 
 
