Dawg Catcher Lyrics
by Que.


She say she fuck with me the long way 
I fuck with her the dog way, 
She. Just like the fact that i'm a Baller like Scarface 
Bet, i fuck the bitch and leave her pussy like a hallway. 
She know a nigga rich and i got money like a ball player 
She, just a dog catcher 
She, just a dog catcher 
She, just a dog catcher 
She, just a dog catcher 
 
I just hit your bitch and left my poppers on her ass cheek 
But. This ain't, nothing new. I did the same thing last week: 
Never hit a crib without bringing my own hat. 
These bitches game playing is a come up on a sack, 
A bitch, just punched, a hole in the rubber 
Knowing damn. Well. She don't wan na. Be a mother 
They just want to have a baby by a rich nigga 
Tried to get the money and the bitch front of me 
Its hard to pull a okie doke on a nigga. Like me, 
I ain't, no sucker, who i look like Ice-T 
I'm, the type to roll, a blundt fucking, while i'm coughing loud 
Jersey on in the game fucking in her doggystyle 
I know these hoes dog catchers, 
Bake sale. I can't fit a small sweater 
Shoot, a club up, call me carmelo 
I'm, a kill. The pussy call the pallbearer 
 
She say she fuck with me the long way, 
I fuck with her the dog way 
She. Just like the fact that i'm a Baller like Scarface 
Bet, i fuck the bitch and leave her pussy like a hallway 
She, know a nigga rich, and i got money like a ball player 
She. Just a dog catcher 
She, just a dog catcher 
She, just a dog catcher 
She, just a dog catcher 
 
Racks, coming out my pores 
 
I Blow money. When i'm bored 
The shit, that's on my wrist lil nigga! You can't afford 
 $ 6,500. Mortgage 
This is V.I.P.. Why you in here, you not important 
I'm in court with all my chains on 
Got, a plug out in Wayco 
We, not in the same boat, you in the canoe 
I'm inside a yacht, getting top from a swoo 
With, a robe and some gold on just like Uncle lou 
Have, my young nigga, pull up with the tool in your spool 
I'm, a rich young nigga with a check 
These dog catching hoes. Tryna check me in the vet. 
They just want the money they dont really want. The love 
Out here sucking dick tryna pass me: the bud 
 
