De La Soul Lyrics
by 6th Sense.


Things have never felt so uneasy. 
Yet I've never felt so god, damn sure 
Despite. All of those that don't believe me 
And. All of the things that I got plans for 
You think that it'll stop me 
Well no way and no, how 
With no day to slow down 
And I'll say. I know now 
It's from the soul, ya'll 
It's comin from the soul, 
 
Somebody tell me what we marchin' for 
It might be liberating, but to me its just primitive, martial law, 
It's just another angle, to see it from 
They gettin' us riled up. While we watching the blind lead, the dumb 
I've needed someone to become a witness 
Whether, they run a business or can't even compute a couple of digits 
Long as they seein eye to eye with me. 
I can't deny that I can be difficult. I just dont like when they lie to me: 
It's, undeniably known that I am high and I'm prone 
To overthink and analyze. What my eyes have been shown, 
All alone and I'm out on my own 
Out of my home, and I doubt I'm out of my zone. I'M feelin right 
I need the night. I need the mic 
Cause. I'M pushin' out these rhymes to the point that I ain't, eatin' right, 
I go to bed and then I'm sleepin' tight 
Dreamin'bout the day, I'm in the studio, and I don't need to write 
It's. Just me and my peoples 
Rockin' out song after song after song, til the break of dawn 
With, an unlimited budget like fuck it 
Even with the D-sides people, gon' love it 
Trust, it's gon' be somethin', so unique 
With. The freakness on my side when I go through, beats 
So. Yes, I'm blessed man 
I guess than I'm not stressed man 
Cause, no one in my circle's a Yes Man, 
Let's plan the whole album out, 
Or fuck, it do 40 songs and then I'm out that's a different route. 
Than I originally set out 
But I'mma leave the door open, so none of my people left out 
And over copy back and get the message 
Why. Would I get aggressive, I'm on my own accord? 
A million thoughts is what I got in store 
And. I can't afford to not record 
 
Cause ... 

Uh check it 
Somebody help me try and understand 
Cause the minute I get it. They went ahead and fitted another plan. 
The angle seems to be missin' or even gone along 
So. If I'm on a wrong, I guess I need it all along 
To help me put it in perspective, see 
I'm try'na hold my own respectively 
And. Yes, it be somethin' that I ain't attained. 
I need to be unique. I don't wan na remain the same. 
I played the game, and now I'm only try'na be the dealer. 
Out runnin the pain, but I feel I need a healer 
To. Help me out with what I'm try'na say: 
Success is a never ending list of dues that I ain't. Try'Na pay 
And only cause its. Never ending yeah, I paid my dues, 
To hater crews stay in fools. They play to snooze 
I, give a fuck if the dick get it 
Cause. If its sick, witted and slick wit' it then 6th, did it 
I been sittin on the bench 
Waitin' for my time, payin no mind to the fakers hatin' on my grind: 
I'm hearin' voices in my head, 
Of heads conversatin'bout. They favorite emcees 
I write a rhyme, but I dont spit it'til. I get it right, 
Flow versus content. I just let'em fight 
It's dead at night in the city I'm schooled at 
Return to NY, and it feels like I flew black 

You'd notice repetition in the mission of each word, 
Line by line step by step, 
While ya'll try to represent. I present my rep 
Its been a long time comin', but I kept my step 
No signs of slowin' up in time. I'M blowin' up, 
Will conquer it all 
Whatever remains divide, 
Ya'll try'na get low, we try'na sustain the high 
 
Cause, ..., 

Yeah 
You know. 
Where else. Should it come from man, 
 Got ta ask yourself that 
I'mma do my part 
From the soul
 
