Dead Presidents II (Freeverse) Lyrics
by Zinn.


I incinerate, fallen angels. I toast where the Gods sip 
The gossip, will never reach me 
I'm on another plateau. I get dough, but still I never change. 
You just rap slow. The dime pieces are all up in my range. 
My philosophy is ironic, like Socrates 
I'm catching bullets with my bare hands, if they pop at me, 
Mold them like Play-Doh/Plato. I never play, though, so, if I'm not the best 
Or, at least in the top ten I'll put the nine up to my chest. 
Your future's Cobain, I'm past sane, you're sleeping with your eyes, open, 
You, wake up in a dream, but I'm still king 
Your favorite rapper is a diva 
Watch. As I dethrone any P-clone who raps like the Queen of Sheba 

So. I don't understand what they're hollering 
I'm cyanide remove his oxygen 
9-5 I'll turn sand to glass, now they're back to throwing rocks again 
A kamikaze. Now they feel the pain I harbor 
Spent a hundred thou on beats, but my tracks are way harder: 
The, flow's, caviar, I'm raw, spitting, fatal, 
Lyrics that'll, lift up your city like a tornado, 
The eye of the storm, a cavalier in the leer 
Flying over the head Of jet setters I'm making it clear, 
No intelligent design. I wasn't made out of fear 
I'll murder, the top tier like escaped convicts, who shake spears. 
 
I'll keep spitting'til the world becomes my firearm 
A hundred rounds dumping when I'm aiming at Viacom 
And lyrically, I'm equivalent to Leviathan 
With one light. I ignite the crosses that they die upon 
Replace. The white hoods with black hoods 
I'll reveal the truth, like a seer. Until they smoke me like backwoods 
I'm, not afraid to die, you see it in my face. 
They want to gamble with our lives until our souls become erased. 
But, I never fallback 
I severe. My competition get beheaded on the track: 
Toss in a few legends and a MAC-11 
I get cheddar like reverends hawking tickets to heaven, 
What's the difference between a bullet and a Bible 
They both control the masses, I'm just rapping for survival, 
With Interscope. In my inner scope. I'M a slaughter raps 
Mention, my name. I snap back, like Starter Caps, 
My mind's open like Guantanamo 
BA's, why Homeland Security's been active since Geronimo, 
My music touches souls, so you know the shoe fits 
I'm rocking J's with one mic when the truth spits 
It's funny how close friends want you to quit? 
And the police make you feel like a degree. Ain'T never meant shit, 
But, I'm a bachelor and they know my art is focused. 
They'Re, just pissed still cause. I ain't packing pistols like a lotus 
And did I mention Uncle Sam's got your pension 
So harass me. If you want, but I'm not dying for attention, 
I leave them hanging. So welcome to the slaughterhouse 
5-0 pigs get roasted on arrival. 
On the track fade to black lay them flat, 
Bring it back music's like crack, so roger that 
Never cutting slack on the wack heart attacks, 
Spitting facts counting these racks. You know they come in stacks 
, 
