Dead Presidents Lyrics
by Xali.


Let me show you how living in hell can leave you cold 
She like a easy snack, 
7/11 hoes 
Her heart is empty. Reflection is like a haunted home 
Emotions gone a ghost, the absence of her soul. 
You see she been through the most 
Check, her body for bruises 
As. She dissolves from her baby father who raped her ruthless 
All in the name of business, 
From days of prostitution, 
A new client from silent to violent and abusive 
See. The results of that broken home. When she so alone, 
Living with relatives but family, isn't known, 
Years go 
Grew up to the baddest chick 
*Seen, the benefit of gentlemen, who trade her sex for chips, 
Needed food for her JIT * 
Looking, loose on the strip, 
Trading 50's for titties 
Throw 20 for extra Tricks 
Saying'No matter, the risk 
The way of life remains the same. 
Any dollar possible as profit is worth the pain' 
So say hello to the dead 
*Jack's in her bed. * 
Well, her dress code is tight from getting looser in bed. 
With thought of getting a hand with giving up head 
Open her legs, with a focus on the bread 
She spread for that 
Her baby boy, she'll kill you dead for that 
Coke in her girdle 
Duck, the feds. For that 
Just, a way of making a living 
She begs her God for forgiveness, 
Knowing her devilish ways pay for her existence, 
Show no resistance, 
 
Feel, a struggle as we hunger for peace, 
Ill spitter for the things that I see, 
Particles of my pride dropped in The pot with some p's 
With hopes to stir up a nation and make ya buckle in greed, 
It's, so Von momentous 
Skating over bling bars with the black Bart Simpson 
Just to digress your stressful tension 
For, my women pounding they thoughts, 
Rather than clocks and Twitter mentions 
But, it ain't no better, 
Love's a lie when the line of hate seems so next to 
All the extras in every relation 
Find, an alternative to network your emotions 
Rather than let the warden turn your situation, 
Shouldn't even have to say this 
Generations far too stagnant and Complacent 
With the Mac's and make ups no more 
City boys rapping in your basement, 
I'm, not knocking ya 
But the ravings, not at your door, either 
This for my women all alone cause they niggas in the streets. Packing heaters, 
And, it's green bay at home. 
So. You stay in with the cheeses 
Despite, the lies: 
You vent, your build up of emotions on top of Lauryn's Hills; 
With, a set of speakers 
Crazy. How that match? Change 
But, the eagle eye can still decieve ya: 
Rebellious ether, 
Facin' an Ant hill 
Tie. My words an anvil over the ocean 
Just to get deeper and deeper 
Help. You see the ... 
 
