Death Is Rest Lyrics
by ZManic.

Was never askin for a lot god he never listens. Jus ahh task, an get ahh shot
its odd. I blast an miss it like the past is on the dot an even if i hit the shit. The mask is what i got
 an the moneys. Lookin, like ahh
dream run wit me, son, gun wit me. We, like ahh team, its much needed support for when it seems ahh couple
phenes in court an if we caught
im takin life, the snitch, be taught your shakin knifes. Now shortys back hurts throwin partys in the black
shirts black pants, fit the body an ya mommy in ahh black skirt paper thick. Yet the stack hurt fuck the tricks
nigga match that shit wit ahh black hearse. We know the streets an give. No tips ya know that my
nigga throw the beats like clips an call it throwback, deploy deep shit, an call it slow rap, keep em pleased
leave, ahh nigga, no cap trigga creep release. We know traps licks an cheese
brainmatter hit ya ho lap. It dont matter, watch ahh, ho nap, hollow mix, ya. Knees
Automatic follows hailin tips, switchin clips till the click, an seaze stingin
niggas on the grips as if they throwin sticks at bees. No eatin, jus, straw, to
the lips, all in ahh sip. If ya trick wit me imma, fuckin, magician all the tricks
jus stick. Tahh me, ahh lick will be new. Kicks 23's no trickery, ahh prick will
be lit like ahh bic or smoked like hickory im, sick leave, ya shit, nicked, an
split, bustin strings to the fakes like pics hit. The shit an this is why that
death is rest. I squint the eye. Tahh dress the chest wit hollow tips, tahh mess
the, rest, I follow hits my dez confess cops, follow shit so that dez one less
ditch it. While I run from em, if ahh nigga wit shit, imma ride wit, em get ya lid
hit, then hide wit em, once the cops, an the opps clear, imma, stop it right, here
get my guap, an ill cop beer, 40 oz, tahh, get my mind clear rollin with my Homies
So, I won't find fear. My niggas know my niggas blow them. Triggas go an get, cha
wit ya! Ho we ruthless. The truth is we beat ya with the pistol till ya, ass is
toothless? If ya wan na blast, we jus pass too quick, wit, those two fists uppercut
till. We gas ya, ass cuz. We do this 
 
