Dees Boys Lyrics
by Yung Gleesh.


These boys here got me fucked up.
Quarter pound of rasta bushes that's how I lucked up.
Gotcha ridin' round the block you get ya truck hit up.
Gotta get by the whole block just to fuck wit us.
I know you heard around the block not to fuck wit us.
The 18 Newton street boys fuck shit up.
And 18 Otis street boys known to start up.
But 18th and Monroe was known for they product.
Desert Eagle stitcher clip man chicken is chopped up.
I hope you talk the walk or get yo block molliwhopped up.
No doors locked, Glocks cocked, no rockin' imposters.
The boat float off the dock, shout out to my rasta.
No days off, day job and just blow money.
A no hoes bar, at the bar we just blow money.
My face still on the flyer I retire that show money.
Pulled up off the block, drop the top and I show money.
Sold out event, at the end you had no money.
Caught ya man loafin' last month he had no money.
Pfttt! Ha! So funny!
All my white girls got one nickname and it's snowbunny.

Break:.

Dese boys, dese boys, dese boys.
Dese boys, dese boys.
And my dick boy.
And I don't mean no homo.
If it wasn't for that extended I'd only hold Tono Romo.
Dese boys, Dese boys.
Shoutout to Zaytiggy, Zaytoven for puttin' that thing out on youtube.
Cause I damn sure snatched that thang up.
Feel me, Gleesh.

And my producer didn't make this here beat.
But Ima make you think that he made it for me.
And we don't need help with yo producers.
Cause yo Manage Mitch team is filled with losers.
And I done cranked the G like fast with the loose do.
You fire that shit up and it smell like the poop do.
You break it down 05 just like it's Fubu.
You sure fooled me, I hope it ain't fool you.
And niggas round here try to be like they bullet proof.
I fool proof plan hit they ass like them bullets do.

Monster say Flacka my shit say Flacka.
No Waka Flocka my shit say Flacka.
My shit say tote em my shit say hold em.
That's why I stand out there on Otis.
Packer witya figured yo shit kush say roll it.
Only ask for one thing just give me one moment.

Damn! Where the fuck this nigga just go?
Aye boogie? Boogie! Boogie? Damn, this nigga really left.
But look, hey it's Rpm. Bitch! It's Takeover Entertainment and all that shit.
You know what it is.
Gone.

