Definition Lyrics
by The Wolf Pack.


Yo, what up 
I got a question? 
Do! You love me 
Or. Do you love what you see 
Understand me 
Can. You answer that fo' real 
Cause life is real. You know what I'm sayin. 
I ain't got. 
I ain't got time to waste here, so check it out. 
 
Is, a damn all you got to give your man girlfriend 
Understand the fact that I'z, a black man, girlfriend 
I need a woman who ain't in this industry whirlwind 
Please honey got to work hard for that money. Indeed, 
You best believe in a brother 
We can be with one another 
Care for a ***** like a mother 
Son, I'm fuckin numb dammit 
Anytime Anyplace like Janet 
Definitely, an advantage 
Cause sex be empty. When you plan it, 
Cooking skills are demanded, emphatically, 
And looking ill. Naturally, it captures my eyes no lie. 
She got to be about Reality, Spirituality of African Nationality, 
Or else she got to be out 
No. Doubt 
Flesh of my flesh in her mouth 
As long as it takes only to relieve the stress 
Using her mind as a weapon. All around down for mines, 
I design, her, like my she wolf, but can you be the dime 
“Yo, ” 
 
What's your definition of a man, 
I thought the plan was go hand in hand. Please make me understand: 
Cause you be acting like you, don't give a damn 
As. If a damn is all you have to give your man 
 
I ask her woman's intuition. What'S her definition, 
Cause, maybe baby, I be fitting the description 
Hope we be hitting it of like the Fourth of July. 
I, see them rockets up in the sky, 

Hold your strut, but what the fuck do? You function 
You out for something 
A, groupie tryna. Do me a ho 
Tryna meet O through to me 
You watch too many movie, floozy 
We, don't play that here. 
Wolfpack make it clear, 
Ain't no tighter bond on this here, atmosphere! 
So now I know your plan and how you scam 
Your best scram 
‘Fore. I turn Conan 
See, that's what I mean always out for the green 
Dissing. Other brother 
Tryna do the right thing like Mookie 
It's, all about the loochie 
But brother check. This don't be wreckless and trust. No hoochie 
Now, ladies, don't think that I'm trashing ya 
But by the way some be actin “Yo, ” I'm asking ya 
Now! Ladies. Don'T think that I'm trashing ya 
But by the way some be actin “Yo, ” I'm asking ya: 
 
So! You ask your self that 
And, then you come back and tell me: what's up 
Aiight 
Aiight 
 
