Destroy Me Lyrics
by Uno Hype.


Took it too far, so I had to leave 
Took it too far, so I had to leave. 
I took my car, the roads gon na give me wings. 
I took my car, its gon na give me wings 
Sometimes. What I want is not what I need 
Sometimes. What I want is not what I need. 
Someday loves, gon na destroy me: 
Someday loves gon na destroy me 
 
She said she wan na. Take it all 
So. I told her. Take it off 
Then. She looked me in my eyes and said 
Ay baby. What you take me for 
I ain't, even tryna, say that you, a whore 
I, just wan na know you better. I call it explore. 
While yo old man, busy dude tryna start a war 
I be in my zone. I move with the peace core 
What. He want beef for because he was before 
My team, marine corps. and bang like C4 
Well. I call that shit, the bomb we don't do the rings 
But. I call that shit Lebron and you so bad shoulda took that ass to prom 
That's, not what I'm on she look better with those on 
But those five hundred days, of…are now gone so Uno movin on 
Tryna get to a queen movin with these pawns 
I just Treat em like Tron but id be lying. If I said that 
Used to call every now and then to see where my head at 
So my place of comfort is where I fled at 
You can have it all. I should have never said that 
 
Took it too far, so I had to leave 
Took it too far, so I had to leave. 
I took my car, the roads gon na give me wings. 
I took my car, its gon na give me wings 
Sometimes. What I want is not what I need 
Sometimes. What I want is not what I need. 
Someday loves, gon na destroy me, 
Someday loves gon na destroy me. 
 
This was a feeling that I felt before 
This was the road that she never chose. 
When the doubt started to come: ain't have no fuckin hope. 
But. We climbing up the rope and paddling the boat. 
Just happened to blow away all these minds. 
Optimistic views, I'm throwin up peace signs, 
So what you wan na find the truth of it all 
While. They lose the ball man I'm through And win it all. 
And never choose to fall origami with the wallpaper 
Stayin in my own section, see yall later 
Push cruise control ride by haters 
Ha you a fly. Guy ain't ya, 
Tie die gangsta! You a fan, I'm a pacer, 
Pencil and eraser. You dudes can't fade us 
Tell them boys to shape up. They outta shape bruh 
Run circles on tracks. Stop chasin 
One eye open on the money. No masons, 
And clowns, throwin darts, won't graze. Us 
I know them shots. Givin worn faces 
I know them week. Niggas won't face us 
Broads wan na taste, us body bodacious 
Just, to fuck, with slates, with greatness 
I'm everybody's favorite movin through a matrix 
No games. Cocked back. I should never play with 
Let alone, say it, I think spears, But they came right back 
So, I'm putting fears in these mutha fuckin raps 
I faced those fears, but they came right back 
So, I'm putting fears in these mutha fuckin raps
 
