Devilish Lyrics Lyrics
by Virtuoso.

Childhood started with a smile good.
Back when dad had a little dough and still lived in my hood.
Before the coke sniffing episodes.
Back then he broke shit when letting go, packing the smoke in his.
Leather though, it helped him calm down but I let it go.
Cause I know he didn't mean to let mom down.
They went a long round I lay by the night light.
Daddy gone now I know that something ain't quite right.
Summers in dominican republic playing baseball.
And I used to love it outside living rugged.
Bugging all fun and games, my cousin said its all gonna change.
Once you get tall and come of age.
Getting play in the seventh grade.
No one worried bout getting AIDS , getting a job or getting paid.
Ya'll come with me lemme take a trip.
As I reminisce, upon my childish innocence.

puffin L's laid back enjoying the smell I take another hit.
Cause it ain't hard to tell.
Lord forgive me if I reminesce , while I sit and wish, we wasn't living so.
devilish..

Started high school as a young high fool.
Writing graffitti dodging needy cats with nine tools.
Skipping class, rolling spliffs with hash.
Trying ta get some ass with my grades slipping fast.
Couldn't get my thoughts tight, cause my karma was not right.
My man cut a brother arm like butter on a hot knife.
I saw white meat and start to shiver by the Charles River.
Where we all would tip the bottle sip and scar our liver.
We would play hard, party at the grave yard.
Way far up at the tower dodging the late guard.
Poly with a J sparked , head at JFK park.
Put nutrition in the brains of chickens till they smart.
And even friends fall apart so are they fam?
Life is hard dog your gone if you dont make plans.
So lets shake hands and wish, while I reminisce.
Over beef know that we can settle this.

Since I hit twenty-one, lifes gotten funny son.
Wherever the money come, thats where all the honeys run.
Nobody is friends and if they are it's probably pretend.
A plot for some ends, for cash cats body they men.
One love to Benny Rosa shot him and then, shot up his friend.
Bodies have been, buried never saw them again.
Damn I get worried cause Jeff Curly met his death early.
How many people dying why and who's the next thirty.

Heart on my lapel, it's so hard being Miguel.
To see you gelatin, see through irrelevant.
Feeble intelligence, people thats selling hits.
While my raps slave to grind the cats made to rhyme.
We pass major minds with cash made in time.
But until this yo I still wish.
As I chill and reminisce that we wasn't livin' so devilish.

