Different Time Zones Lyrics
by Wu Block.

Produced by Frank, Dukes, 
, 
Ghostface, Killah 
Sitting in this library, man 
Reading these fucking books, 
Britannica Encyclopedias, L. Ron, Hubbard Tony Robertson, 
These muthafuckas. You know what I'm saying: 
Sheek Louch 
, 
Glasshouse 
I reside by the library 
Yves Saint Laurent frames, 
Sipping Ciroc, berry 
Burning, the big dutch sweet feet up 
Long ashes hanging off the blunt. Then I pluck 
Fell back power napping 
Stones. They cover my bones 
Bricks laying on my pinkie, like tombstones, 
Unbutton, my shirt unloosen, my tie 
Got the fireplace up real high 
Cuban maid sliding me cookies tall glass of lemonade, 
Chandeliers hanging over my head 
Sitting, like a cloud of haze, 
Larry King on mute 
They about To bury Wesley for taxes 
Then shot across the two 
Then. I grabbed the remote hit the volume on the big lion, 
The screens in his mouth, a ninety inch giant 
Went to commercial. The phone rang 
“Yo. What up Sheek, ” 
“Ain't, nothing Tone. Just on my dean” 
“Out here in Queens, I bag me a queen” 
“Fed, her all this shit. She wanted to hear she probably want the ring” 
True 
 
Sheek Louch 
Yeah different time zones. That'S all 
I mean I'm over here across seas, 
You over there in the States 
You over there, but either way we got ta get this money: fam 
Yo yeah, 
, 
On the tenth floor. Looking over Paris, 
My neighbors all embarrassed 
Cuz, I'm ass naked watching the clock. 
He hating, but his wife steady watching my cock, 
Different time zones steering wheel on the right, 
Driving down the wrong street thinking what the fuck I'm gon' eat tonight. 
White women laying in my bed 
I, can make a documentary on what race can give the best head. 
Rae hit me on the text 
Told me that he like that new shit last night, that he heard on Flex 
Alright cool hit me up when you get down to Brazil 
If the weather's right fuck it I come down to chill. 
I got a briefcase of Euros and Indian money 
Every time, I'm in customs. They look at me funny 
Yeah 
, 
Inspectah Deck 
I'm out in South Beach, 1st street Ocean Ave 
AMG6. With the oak dash 
Live the VIP life. I ain't spend a clam. 
I got weight on the spot. That'S instagrams, 
Pretty boos in Jimmy Choo's, with titties loose 
In the mood getting nude in the swimming pool. 
I'M doing my thing: how I'm repping they salute. King 
And, they don't even know I'm Wu-Tang 
Name heavy phone call to my ace, Diego 
For anything. What up man Connect me. 
I snatch bank, like four five six 
Deuce high watch, a dude ride, I'm on my shit 
Up in Mansion salute world famous Inspectah 
Click large homey put some more tables together 
Wild for the night. I ain't even think about my flight. 
I got some bitches and they tripping off that powder white 
Aiyo, yo, yo, kiss each other yo
 
