Digital Dirt Lyrics
by Zion I.


Intel, tel tel tel tel tel tel tel tel 
Intel chip, new processor, flip phone, 
Laptop, cable, optic, link, wi-fi zone, 
Instant message me: 
I'll, hit you right back up, 
Electro magnetic waves, got me jacked up, 
Can't! Think straight and my phone keep buzzin 
This satellite ain't right. It'S fuzzy my cousin, 
Round and round. We go I'm so techno 
I can download the globe in a second micro 
Digital for real. She took the day after pill. 
Now, the babies, gettin aborted 
We, sit back and chill on demand, 
Out of sync life flash by 
Sit and stand never think 
Planet earth cry 
Too satiated, I'm over stimulated 
There's too many times now the mind is deflated: 
 Wan na feed the need walk around. Like a mummy, 
They say my belly fully, but my belly still hungry 
 
Your cell phones, causin you to drive like an ass 
To me, that's not a good reason to almost die in a crash 
Plus. I used to have numbers stashed away in my brain 
Now. It'S all so convenient 
Can't, remember a thing 
But. You could take a picture trick. 
And view it like you got it 
So my space 5 mega pixels does a lot fast, 
So you're, a rapper or a model now 
Well. So I dont have the options: 
Stack up, backup, get your waddle down. 
 
Before, you strut your stuff for the net to see 
Lack of human interaction's, a bad recipe 
You're just a profile. Pics corrected doped out 
On drugs in the food to keep you subdued 
So. There'S remedies like silicon extremeties, 
Virtual, sex, robotic pets, ghost writers, keep your pens at ease. 
When fools catch. Wind of these brain freeze, 
Ain't, easy being analog whatever that means 
 
The last poet said they had a god complex, 
, Wan na be the architects of reality. Avexed 
Billions on the space station in the projects, 
Baby mamas feed seeds from the welfare checks. 
On, the internet children sit through the sex, 
FBI, monitor message, intercept 
I'm, so high tech got the latest and the greatest 
Once you outdated. Then you just can't fade us. 
 Got ta, get my botox weed and viagra 
Just to get my rocks off what
happened to my stamina, 
So artifical, you can call me R2D2 see through silicon fool, 
 
So. When you see us on our typewriters 
Sending letters, snail mail, 
Rubbin sticks for fire covered wagons. Thats the tell tale 
Sign of contentment, peace and enlightenment 
Cut that pro tunes off I'm finished, writin it
 
