Dirty Deeds Lyrics
by Woodie.


This pressure's got me stressing, never confessin' my crimes, 
These secret, dirty deedz feed. These questions. In my mind, 
In time will, I feel the repercussions of my guilty sins. 
Does, the Bible speak the truth. Now that my punishment begins 
 
Yoc, what Your Glock, what Yeah you? Better take a shot, punk 
Cause ain't, no. Turning back when you flaunt your strap 
Leave your cap, peeled when I dump chump 
When, the funk jumps got ta, be on my toes 
Ammunition, dishing out in rows 
Keep foes in check with effect when I rip their neck. 
When I let loose hoe 
Deuce-0 block props got cops on our jocks 
But popping shots will not stop 
Slap a scrap off the map. When I tap his back when I blast a black chop, 
Aftershock liquefies, my brain and mary jane invades, my veins 
To maintain and hang when I gang-bang 
Inflict pain when I sprinkle grains cane drain 
Coats my throat when I off choke smoke, 
Approach the roach til. It'S all she wrote 
Smoke dope and rap twist caps and try to cope with rats backstabbing folks, 
That's. Why I stay high off dosher remain a Yoc town soldier 
Exposure to shady times gots my mind. Anti-Sober 
 Got ta stay blazed in theses, crazed days 
Hazed by norte ways. It'S not a phase 
Steady amazed on how things changed-rearranged, but it ain't, no thang, 
Still, hang and claim with my real folks, 
It's fucked up cause. I got ta, kill folks 
Hit your block with a chop and peel throats 
Blast with a mask and let these skills show 
Let me fell your repents when I let thirty do you dirty 
Folks wan na battle us got ta handle this. It'S scandalous for Shirley 
That girly got me numb for 781 redrum 
Ain't, no fun trying to shun my gun when the sights tight up on your lungs 
Pump your chest with an SKS and bless your dome with a tre-eight chrome 
Murder zone created stated when the funk Is on 
 
This pressure's got me stressing, never confessin' my crimes, 
These secret, dirty deedz feed. These questions. In my mind, 
In time will, I feel the repercussions of my guilty sins. 
Does, the Bible speak the truth. Now that my punishment begins 
 
I'm, strapped with a black snub, tre-eight 
Packed, with a hundred and twenty-five plus grains 
That extra load with a hollow 
Swallow. Your last breath, when it touch brains, 
These bloodstains of enemies, are the sins of me livin' that Yoc life 
But until I die. It'S a lie, 
That's. Why fifty got my gang in the spotlight 
Breakin''em off in different fashions, 
Maybe I'll shank'em? Maybe I'll blast'em 
The punk ass, five-o rats and rivals 
Kindle my homicidal passion, I'm mashin' 
For that everlastin' twentieth street I'm ridin' 
Confidin' in myself, Lil' bird and L's 
Everybody else, testifyin' soon dyin' 
Tryin' to keep my freedom 
If. I don't beat the pigs. 
I'Ll live in a cell, no bail, doin' 25, with an L, 
I'd rather get murdered and go to hell. ... 
I bail, thru, the cuts of the Yoc in a lark on rally's, 
Backstreet alleys. Allow me to shake the spot. 
And pursue my plots of gangbangin' in northern Cali 
Co. Co. County's hella shady 
Somebody's catchin' 3 strikes daily 
I got ta, maintain let my nuts hang 
Use my brain and make this lifestyle pay me 
Fade me. I don't think so. 
Wipe your memory with a single 
Shot from a tre-five-sev 
Vibration make my fingers tingle .... I speak 
That, Yoc-town, lingo and mingle with northerners 
Who've blown up the spot got the Yoc hot 
Kickin' up enormous dust, 
Discuss nothin' straight bustin' upon your click thought I wasn't. 
As pistol chambers, rearranges guts. This shit gets disgustin' 
With. All these homiez switchin' up, I'm not quite sure who to trust 
So. I just follow my gut and let it be known, 
For, the Norte side, I bust 
, 
This pressure's got me stressing, never confessin' my crimes, 
These secret, dirty deedz feed. These questions. In my mind, 
In time will, I feel the repercussions of my guilty sins. 
Does, the Bible speak the truth. Now that my punishment begins 
 
