DissTRAKT (Diss) Lyrics
by Wonderstarz.

You'Re, just an insult to Hip Hop 
A rip-off of Shady 
You wan na face me 
I ain't, afraid to kill babies – 
Overpopulated and fucked up already 
This country's messed killing. You would be saving 
Third degree burns, I'm fuckin Adrian Brody, 
Predator, killin'. Anything hot 
I'll. Take ya new single for pot 
‘Cause. It makes me snort 
Alone, I'm enough for you and your puppies 
No effects – natural – 
All, you do is toy with VDJ Cleveland 
Or, some other shitty ... 
FREE FREE! That'S what you cheap-ass bitches see: 
I'm Traktoring! You you! Don'T realize 
Why we've been so silent for the last few months. 
I'M making covers 
I only need my left hand for that 
What was I doing with my right. 
I know what you think – fap 
Fuck, you, dumb fucks, 
Imma, write, raps 
You thought, we'll drop. One 
You see we'll murder. Your ass 
This is my natural voice. 
This is a natural beat 
I'll put it on YouTube for everyone to see 
I'm capable of killing. With my iPhone only 
Yeah this beat is Garageband. 
Your beats are phony, 
You steal tracks, 
Don't, give no name to producers; 
We use royalty-free shit 
They make, but we owners 
K/O. You fags, like I was Mohammad Ali 
You use skin color to diss me. 
You agists will be sorry. 
‘Casue Imma float like a butterfly 
And sting like a bee. 
The Michael Jordan of Rap – Slamvee 
You go “Whee, ” 
When, you open, ReverbNation and see 
“These faggots are still stuck at Born Sinner” 
Catchin' bullets with magnum 
Or. Was it fag-num 
Dumbass words – pronouncing bad 
Dunnum? If he's spitting or blowing 
‘Cause, you guys spit 
Like, you got a gnat in your groin 
Wizzy wizzy dizzy – that's what we'll do to you! 
Dizziness'Ll give your fans a free passport 
Staring at you, eagle, eyes- 
Waiting, to be unravelled. 
After these 13 tracks we'll be unrivalled 
Why wait for that Ensure that it happens. 
With this piece of paper, I'm staping on yas 
Yeah, if I was Em you'd, be Kanye. 

No need to rehearse 
NOW destructing in your style. 
Killing. You tiny motherfucking germs, with phenyl 
You got erectile dysfunction – penile, 
Don't realize what'll happen to your charts. 
If. You deny that you farts will be scarred for life, 
No, wife or children. No parents nor life. 
Stick yourself with a knife 
If, you don't bow down to Spandan tonight. 
Don'T know him the rap Van Damme a'ight 
Beat Punisher, I'm the fucking DC guy 
Why ‘Cause. That'S a topic! That'Ll make you cry. 
They said “Be what you can be” 
I said: I'd be Batman. 
Sponny Bee – that's a cute name: 
Please! That'S the name of the guy 
Who butchers, thieves, MCPs 
Then acts to grieve, 
Then kill their all 
 Gon na have no reason to live 
Anyway. You got a GF in our school 
To. Raise your fan list, 
That's low dude – and who you got a nerdy ass-face 
A Directioner, who dunno how to direct a play 
Who'll lay by when I slay you 
Too lazy – watch you on display 
You'll be two feet under in dismay. 
You don't deserve better than her 
I'll be sippin' Absinthe, smoking, weed, 
You gayboys, be drinking gin, 
Playing, Assassin's, Creed, 
I'm, a different breed – TIGER BLOOD, 
Charlie Sheen – I don't bleed 
So tell your troops to retreat 
Keep your hands to yourself. 
Stick, your ‘band' up your ass 
You illiterate fascists go copulate a highland, lass 
Give me a prank call again: 
I'll drop your carcass 
Your band is like a brand of squid. We eat 
‘Defiant Ink' Squirts, like a pussy fing'ed 
Defiance is what your chick does. When she's fucked 
I give mine enough. Orgasms 
To construct a mountain of oestrogen 
Need some drugs. Maybe she be stoned to get pleasure. 
Here take up a rock 
It'll mess up her system. ‘Cause you no OG 
I've been laying back and playing this game since 13. 
Yeah just a teen, Have a rap sheet. 
No clean deals with me. I'M just dirty 
You have many angles to diss me: 
E.g.- “Your, girlfriend ain't, imaginary” 
Fuck, you dating the hottest of the hotties 
The, only name on her lips – 
Sponny 
, My lyrics advanced 

Say, you wan na sleep with mine, 
Glue your ass to the ceiling 
You Motherfuckers need to think before you diss 
We, guys are painful, like 
Stones, who ain't gon na get rid with your piss 
I write this whole thing in my free time in Howrah 
Guess. What I can do full time you pedophilic leora, 
‘Shit, This nigga ain't dope' – that's your opening line, 
You as basic as soap. We as complex as smoke, 
Two puffs you're dead, broke outside on the road 
Since. I was dissing. I thought I'd diss, all my foes 
Rappers mates and then all ‘em hoes 
So mates, there's one in particular 
Thought. He was on my team 
But he's just a regular piece of shit, 
Mess up your jugular and eat 
Spaghetti and meat – yum, yum, 
Chop chop. I'M a hungry rapper 
Shot in the back of my head, 
Like, your DP, I'm Wolverine, 
Can't, get rid of me. 
You sold out, Won't realize in two weeks. 
You won't get her dude, not your level 
The Tao of Badass won't change. Anything 
It's turned shy. Men to flirts 
Who are GOOD 
But. I don't believe it's turned horses to men, 
I'm on fire. You fucking, assholes 
Nikki – Naught U's supposed to release soon 
I. Let all my fury out with this tiny piece. 
Cramped is my mouth. So I'm gon na get a kiss…
 
