Django Lyrics
by Antonym.


Stranded and Abandoned in the desert no horizon.
Taking selfies in the sand no.
Instagram cuz no verizon network.
Come and find my networth, then call.
up Mr. Wentworth.
Killing this western ass beat it gives me extra dick girth.
I tell my boys get the coffins ready out the car.
I'm up to par, with people twice my age rap wise I'm goin far.
Pop the cigars, watch some Eastwood.
made a beat grab the guitars.
Bars and bars, kill em all like there are two Anton Bouffards.
Tilt my cowboy hat down.
Leave you with your gun entry to hell no pat down.
Still gotta earn your way so don't back down.
My last round, ain't nobody hearing that sound.
Bang, echo through the canyon.
Scared I'll rob you on this deal bring a friend rob you and your companion.
Whatever a stranger strangles, ropes.
you can't untangle.
Cuz you're straped and tied onto the tracks I make the mother fucking train go.

I make the train go.
I make the train go.
I make the train go.
They call me Django.
They call me Django.
They call me Django.
I make the train go.
I make that train go.
I make that train go.
They call me Django.
They call me Django.
Don't pronounce the D that's me I make the motherfuckin' train go.

Im about to go, Stephen Curry on the Knicks.
In here since seven thirty I think.
heaven heard me.
When I said reverend worrdy bless me.
nobody but the one who's next.
The one whos the best, spit fast til I'm outta saliva whos tests.
The teacher the preacher.
These other rappers the reason I'm putting this rap in religious context.
Now slow down wow, nah nah keep going freethrowing one point at a time.
On point when I rhyme ointment once the coin flips in the air jump up and.
steal your dime.
I dont feel your kind, different species.
And if you don't feel my rap you can eat dog crap followed by a 5 course meal.
of human feces.

Leave you all alone in the desert.
Now there's only dust that forms the shape of my gun on the dresser.
It's now on my waist helping me to impress her.
I walk into the room like hey lil' troublemaker.
Rip you off on the deal like a bandaid.
Break into your mansion and steal your housemaid.
I call my rap an art, that's short for artillery.
I count two guns feel the wrath of my weaponry.

