DNA Lyrics
by Voli.


I'M here just chillin with my Brooklyn Lager 
In, the W-Burg feelin like Big Poppa, 
Got, the tri-state open and i'm all up inside her 
I hit it so sweet. Like I shatter piñata uh 
Rebel got the pedal to the medal 
James Dean with a little more melanin. In him 
18, I was a fat boy, shy, chubby black boy 
Lyrically in crazy ass shape. Like a trapezoid 
College. Had me drinkin, like a frat boy weed got me paranoid 
So. When my roommate would hit the cannabis, I would listen to Canibus working
on my rap voice. 
Yah know I'm illy Pink Floyd meets biggie 
All I need is art, a good woman and neat whisky 
Honey's a freak, I'm a geek be unique wit me 
Ey whats, your DNA like Leave them jeans, wit me. She said 
 
I got that rebel in my DNA 
But. They don't believe me. 
I got that rebel. In my DNA 
I'm crazy release me 
I got that rebel. In my DNA 
But. They don't believe me. 
I got that rebel. In my DNA 
I'm crazy. You see ahhhh 
 
Boom, I'm chillin with my Brookln Lager 
Ballin old school, like a Brooklyn Dodger. 
We get smashed only need a few dollars 
Rebel at heart, so my DNA got it 
What. You know about that huh. What you know about that huh 
What! You know about that: huh 
 
What, Oh right now, 
Ok, ah death before dishonor 
I can't afford to sleep. I don't own pajamas 
I'm a problem to the death. Homie call up Obama: whew 
Never gave a fruck about it. Call it platonic, whew 
Went a couple degrees since I got out of college 
But my credit looking shitty, my wallet got a colonic whew 

Feelin, so rare. Let we cook up and dine 
Turn up your flat line. If we give up, we die 
Put up ya lighters. Let we lift up get high 
New Jersey devil, so a brother ice, cold 
But. If I came to your city, I'd put a flame to your city, 
Won't chase her, but I'm Voli. So your dame wan na sip me, you know 
 
Birdge 
Gavidia run through it. Uh 
Gavidia run through it, uh 
Gavidia run through it. 
 
Let's put the pyramids to shame. Darling 
Pisa's got nuthin on my lean. Darlin 
Let's cut the heads off all these kings. Darlin 
And bring this planet to its knees: darlin 
 
