Do For One Lyrics
by Ruslan.

At last a confession…
In an effort to be globally focused, I lost sight of what's in front of me,.
the locally hopeless.
My ulterior motives got the best of me.
Now here's the rest of me…
Trying to reach the thousands, but ignoring my community. Resentment to group…
self-preservation began fueling me.
The fool in me, I thought I had it figured out.
Now it's time to live it out.

What if I could touch one?
What if I could do for one what I would do for thousands?
What if I was more present in the moment that's surrounding?
‘Cause the present, is where the presences of my God is found in. So I gotta.
be more present and present this hope. Serve and give when I'm asked to do,.
when I part? we spoke about changing this world one life at a time.
If I touch one, you touch one-- that's two lives on the line.
And two turns into four and four turns into eight and eight turns into 40.
‘cause more people relate.
And before we have time to slow down and think and just wait, we'd have.
touched a couple more thousand by speaking His grace. Not just speaking, but.
breathing and being his hands, so that the love of Jesus could reach the most.
deviant man who's far from God could be saved and be in his plan.
‘Cause I was right there when someone reached out, when I couldn't stand on my.
own.
Not just a hand out, but a hand up. It's not about pity, really helping.
somebody stand up.
Every scorner, every street corner in our city.
In our block, in our region, call it the Hope Committee.
So may this hope be pervasive, may this hope reach the nations. When me and.
you are long gone, may this be the way they remember us throughout the ages.
It's amazing that God used us to touch lives and bring change…It's beyond big.
lights and big stages, building platforms to be famous, having lots of money,.
so that you can have lots of friends. But you can't take none of that with you.
in the end.
All that matters is who we touch on this side of eternity and what's in front.
of us is where we begin.
All that matters is who we touch on this side of eternity, and what's in front.
of us is where we begin.
Let's begin.

