Do it B.I. Lyrics
by Yukmouth.


Til the day that I die do it B.I 
Since I was born. I was taught to keep it P.I 
I'm that nigga thugged out in the V.I 
And I've been slangin major D. Since I was knee high 2x 
 
When. You was break dancin and back spinnin on ya. Nolium 
My niggas wrap a thousand grams with patrolium 
Jelly like like Belly. It ain't shit that you can tell me 
Once you trapped in the belly of the beast 
With niggas waitin on the commissary 
Locked in solitary confinement. No more grindin wifey pondin diamonds, 
I'm a frontline soldier like a lineman 
Guns firin' sirens. That'S all in my enviroment 
Gangstas pimps thugs! That'S all in my enviroment 
Niggas, that's slung drugs with no thoughts of retirement, 
Ballin, timin grindin! That'S all in my enviroment 
Expirement! When I blaze you up fuck the firemen 
Call, the coroner set up shop on the corner, 
With rocks and marijauna make it hot as a sauna 
It's just another day in Oakland California, 
I touch G's and never had a diploma. Like that, 
 
When, you was learnin. How to boogaloo and pop lock 
I was baggin opium and bloons at the hop spot. 
And slangin double ups to goons at the rock spot, 
We got the block locked and give a fuck. If the cops watch, 
This chop chop and turn ya car into a drop top 
Just like a chop shop, blak blak make a cop drop, 
Keep ya mouth shut, our neighbors, don't talk to cops about us. 
They know we'll, come and shoot they fuckin house up. 
Rock ya ounce, up with ya little arm and hammer 
I'm breakin pounds up with jack knifes and sledge hammers 
Some of my niggas in the feds locked up in the slammer 
Some of my niggas got bread then headed for Atlanta 
My family put the murder game down. Like Alpo 
I hate my algebra class, but still love to count dough 
Niggas is breakin like turbo and o-zone. 
I was pushin O's on the block. Until the dope gone 
 
When, you was spinnin techniques, learnin, DJ shit, 
I was tryin to touch and hundred ki's like Freeway Rick 
I was rollin with a mossberg like DJ Quik 
Out. Here the Feds and the D.A. hit over. He say shit 
The, block hot, like a heatwave, hit 
But I'ma bubble on the low just like Freeway shit. 
I'Ma, follow all the codes, never be a snitch 
Just concentrate on this D I whip, and this V I flip 
I stay Fila'd down in mobsta suits 
If. You talk to cops, I shoot let the choppa loose 
Rest in Peace to 2Pac and Big Poppa too 
I. Never boogaloo like shaba. Do I'm a mobsta dude 
 
