Do Your Thang Lyrics
by WordPlay T.JAY.


I just got off for the weekend. I'm a do my thing.
Just cashed my check at the ATM. I'm a do my thing.
Sent a couple texts to my friends and them. We gone do our thing.
And none of y'all people gone block me in. I'm a do my thing.
It's been a long time you should let it go, do your thang..

Keep it simple like a Mennonite.
Been quiet for a minute but I've been alright.
Sipping rum to the tongue with a hit of Sprite.
Letting go of my woes, but I'm feeling right.
Doing my thang, putting my soul in the game.
Like driving Air Ones to the lane.
Got into the game, coach put me in for the rang.
And I never been the same.
Putting out bars like I'm on the weights. Wait.
With a bit of faith.
Now me and my boys at the gate.
Clark Kent putting on the cape, knowing my dreams ain't late.
Impregnate my passion, hungry I'm fasting.
I'm not your employee, I've been my own admin.

Dropping all my inhibitions, inhibitions.
Impossible I'm on a mission, on a mission.
Hail Mary, I've gone the distance, gone the distance.
Roughed up so I'm never slippin', so I…

You can do your thing right?
Lows down, dreams up.
African like King Tut, and I'm back on the map for the kingdom.
Putting seeds right in for the green sums.
Be a hit show to their re-runs.
Be yourself til you bubble up, do whatever you choose they need gum.
Blow it up, pop it, and the people out there gone cop it.
Give no fucks about gossip, cause the bullshit don't blossom.
Rose out the concrete, acting a donkey.
Branching out, can't stomp me, cause my loose leaf gets funky.

I'm a field nigga, you a house nigga.
Get up – off that couch nigga.
Way too dope for the vouch nigga.
If you can't be you than bounce nigga.
Gotta make your own classics.
Like a Jesus movie, follow your passion.
Fuck old fashioned, if bland then, put your dash in.
Way too fly for the cabin, and I'm passin' lavish.
It's tragic that you can't feel your magic, that's it.
But I'm pushing this out of your speakers.
Running at paces, more than your sneakers.
Touching new people no needing your features.
And I must be a keeper.

