Don't U Copy 2 Lyrics
by Yung Simmie.


Don't you copy.
Mane this whatever.
Cuz I'm the one who do it better.
I feel like I can fight that nigga Paki.
Ain't no backing down I'm back around.
I kill this shit and lay it down.
I smoke a pound it ease the pain.
Cuz bitches steady with the game.
I'm chasing money gripping grain.
The whole block know my name.
I move like a king me and you we are not the same.
Smoking on some weed fro California you don't know the strain.
My dress hang like ?
Now you in my jungle mane.
Counting money ain't the same.
If you ain't getting it on your own.
Sitting on a throne looking down I seeing what niggas own.
Snake shit.
Fake shit.
And now I gotta grip my come.
Aiming at this Georgia dome might turn it to a stadium.
You can call a paramedics but ain't no saving em.
?
He ate the competition he ain't even bring a plate with em.
You gon' look at his eyes you gon' see that hes legendary.
I'ma take yo girl rock her world then pop a cherry.
Cut a plate for the cheese, how I ball errydary.
Came through 2 bitches praising me, merry merry.
Nigga don't you copy don't you watch what I do.
Cuz you might me Mac up now I'm smoking with your boo.
If a nigga ever act up my Glocks come in 2.
Drive by or pull up my goons hanging out the roof.
Real niggas gon' salute.
Cuz they know I got the juice.
It was me my nina and my bitch hopping out the coupe.
She wanted em to president.
She fucking with the coupe.
She asking all these questions wanna know what I do.
I poured me up a 4.
I roll up the dro.
Nigga don't you copy don't you try to steal my flow.
I'm the prototype the 0 or 41, the ammunition in the gun.
The early birds is the one.
The month before the sun.
Smoking like a gun barrel.
Wow wow ? saddle.
And you don't wanna battle.
Punchline I get at you.
From the school of the legends walk up you see my statue.

Nigga don't you copy don't you watch what I do.
Watch what I do.
Nigga don't you copy don't you watch what I do.
Watch what I do.
Now yo bitch all on me cuz she know I got the juice.
Know I got the juice.
Now you wanna copy cuz you know I got the juice.
Know I got the juice.

