Don't Like.1 (Remix) Lyrics
by XJoMaMa.


Ms. Rios kicking us out, that's that shit I don't like.
Calling up my mom, night after night.
When it's time to freestyle all you do recite.
When I see fakes I just shoot on sight.
You're scared of heights, I'll climb to the top.
Taking breaks no, I'm not going to stop.
All your rap is shit, and that's the truth.
At this rate I'll be riding around in that Gallardo coupe.
Killing all these niggas since day one, that's my job.
Go cry to someone else Kristi, I don't want to hear you sob.
Fuck with me I'll leave you dead in the dirt.
What the fuck is up with Kanye wearing that black ass skirt?
Oh you think you're hurt, you don't know real pain.
For God sakes, you only listen to Drake, and Wayne.
Dom, and Gio are my niggas that ride for.
Higher than an eagle just watch me soar.
Yea you heard me spitting that cocaine flow.
Cock back my pistol, and just make it go blow.
I'm think I'm killing it unlike all you fake ass niggas.
Get back to 2nd, and 3rd you're looking at the winna.
Dalone rap about shit in your life.
Rapping about hundreds and bitches man that shit ain't right.

A fuck nigga, that's that shit I don't like, nah.
A snitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like, nah.
A bitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like, nah.
Sneak dissers that's that shit I don't like.
Don't like, like, don't like, like.
A snitch nigga, that's that shit I don't like, nah.

Dalone spit some rap about the niggas in the street.
Have you ever seen a pussy, all you say is skeet skeet skeet.
Where's all my bread, nigga give me some that wheat.
Battle rap, niggas you can't take the heat.
Why you niggas all got to send hate on me?
Nigga I'm everything that you want to be.
Riding around my town, wannabes is all I see.
All they rap about is that diamond chain, and that weed.
Me, that's a pursuit of happiness I can't relate to.
I ain't even rich, I can't even rap about designer shoes.
What is it in rap that I could being doing wrong?
Is it the lyrics, or is it the beats in the song?
There's a lot of shit that I don't like, and a snitch is one.
Snitch on me, nigga you're life and career will be done.
Running up on all this niggas, all they will see is gun light.
I don't use fists, but our guns can surely fight.
Did you see a ghost, you're looking pretty ghost white.
Songs like yours aren't good, they're just over hyped.
Shit like that is the shit that I don't like.
Burning your tongue like hot Mike &amp; Ikes.
I found your mom with another girl, she's a dyke.
You're adopted, you found while she was on a hike.

