Don't Take It Easy Lyrics
by Xc.


Could it be.
All these rappers really think they good as me.
He said I'm full of myself I just showed em I couldn't be.
See I eat the track right after he cook the beat.
And if ya young dog is crazy come and get em put to sleep.

I just wore out this chick that go 2 ways thats how u rockabye.
You throw me dirty looks and thats cool cause I caught your eye.
Which means I took ya looks, which means I stole ya watch ya out of time.
I'm in my zone till I'm out my prime.
Son so bright you need an eclipse if you planning to stop my shine.
Women hit they knees I call that dropping dimes.
The way I search for brain its kinda like I lost my mind.
I'm so much better than who ever please.
Why would I listen to what every nigga telling me.
When I'm bout to take it to a level they could never reach.
The new Rakim now where's my Eric B.
I'm just tryna get paid in full.
I'm a real boss that means I make the rules.
And pops mighta made mistakes but he ain't make a fool.
You born with this much class why would you pay for school.
Ain't no trust funds its just funds trust me.
Them niggas just grilling tho they don't really want beef.
A MC with a hammer niggas can't touch me.
And if they did want beef I just turn em to lunch meat.
And get em zipped up in a bag.
I ain't tripping Im just sitting with that pistol for yo ass.
You think you sicker with the lyrics run and get ya pen and pad.
Ofcourse a nigga get a pass.
Shit I'm in a different class.
I told dudes I'm old school.
Its so cruel What I do to the protools.
And they just want truth.
I only give em what they asking for.
And every 10 seconds is like a fantastic 4.
I'm tryna make the money stretch like that fantastic boy.
Thats why the rhymes is outta sight.
Till they remind you of his wife.
I'm the human torch ya know what that mean hommie.
I set the beat on fire soon as I breathe on it.
I smash tracks up guess I do my thing on it.
The flow the flyest thing that ain't got wings on it.
I'm the sickest even to the left my shit is right.
I'm rap superman their is no kryptonite.

