Don't Lose Your Head Lyrics
by Zion I.

Zion I 
Wake up gunshots in the city 
Hustlers on the corner. Gon na get more busy. 
Gunshots young stunna got caught up, 
Clock big numbers, too bad got slaughtered 
Stunt. Now he gon' pay later 
Big booty girl. That'S a black man's savior 
Servin' hit the block and we pervin' 
Roll real slow in the cut like a surgeon, 
Turf chick Smurfette give
you work, quick 
Get caught sippin' get sick. Is it worth it 
Hell nah, but the job fill timers 
Got a good girl. In my eyes, she's the flyest 
Can't sleep streets, stay heated, 
Ghetto connoisseur. I know you see it 
Posted. While my cousins, gettin' toasted 
Got a big, beat so fat, you can smoke it 
 
Don't lose your head. 
D-D-D-D-Don'T lose your head. 
 
Too $ hort, 
Lil' homie. What you goin' do with your life 
You wan na hustle, but you ain't doin' it right 
Thug to the end. Just don't know why 
Even, if you're wrong, you know I'm goin' ride, 
In the streets with the killers and the creeps 
You don't want to learn. But I still want to teach 
I told you lace them beats 
Cause. All you ever do is just chase them. Freaks, 
Lil' town girl never been around the world. 
Gave her that pill. Now you lickin' on her pearl 
I, be right out, keep them all psyched out. 
In, the back room fuckin' with the lights out, 
 
Don't lose your head. 
D-D-D-D-Don'T lose your head. 
 
Ay, skyscrapers high from the vapors 
See us drop by ain't. No way. It'S gon na shake us 
Earthquake us shittin on the richter. 
Party at the crib bring a friend and her sister 
Cruise by homie dudes stay fly 
D-U-S-T in the back. Let'S ride 
Dipped in the caddy stuntin', like my daddy 
Slouch, real low buds, fall out the baggy 
Yoke in a circle pullin'
on purple 
Flow to the show, although no rehersal 
Got stress better. Let that rest 
D-Boys get annoyed, leave a void in your chest, 
Yes all bad. When you act too good 
Roll with the punches, I think you should 
Get smart we'd rather go dumb. 
Big bass in your face. Make your brain go. Numb 
 
Don't lose your head. 
D-D-D-D-Don'T lose your head
 
