Dope Money Lyrics
by Ruff Ryders.

What what 
 
Yo.. you over there Styles Yeah dog, 
 
Second, album nigga, two guns up: nigga, 
Real, L.O.X. blaze: 
We Are the Streets. Nigga y'all know who the best 
 Fuck y'all niggas wan na do what what 
 
Couldn't live. The life I live 
I could die any minute. I get high every minute, 
Fuckin with snake niggas and sleepin with foul bitches 
 ) 
Pull over where the hustlers be 
Cause. I get chills when you talk of hustlin ki's 
, what it mean, 
 
Stay away from where the cowards be at ) why's that 
 
Or. I would do it again to get the power back. 
Have Godfather status, make niggas bow to that. ) 
You could all shine and glitter and keep the ones 
Fives and tens for twenties and up. We dummy it up. 
Make a lot of money, look bummy and what 
 
So? If I kill niggas dead, don't ask me: shit ) 
I smoke blunts to the head, so don't pass me. Shit 
I'd rather die from a bullet than a nasty bitch. 
They say the good die young. All that mean to me 
Is that the hood die young. We call it the last days 
 pits in ) 
Or blowin weed smoke on the cops that write tickets, 
 
Have, a picture of you on the wall, ,'In Memory Of' ) 
Stay in sync, with the hood gray minks with the hood 
 chinks in the hood. 
They ask me how I'm doing now 
And if your man front ) 
And, if you told them once 
Ay yo now, let's see 
Who, you know fuckin with Sheek Louch, Jadakiss and S.P., what 
 
From dope money to rap money back to dope money, 
From loaded guns To empty ones, over dope money, 
We got the car house and the smoke with the dope money. 
All my niggas'll die over dope money. 
Bust your nine niggas side by side, niggas 
If. We get the RICO law, we go
run and hide. Niggas 
Death is the only thing that might divide niggas 
So, don't fuck around with them Ryde or Die niggas 
, 
Basically speakin. All I know your face will be leakin, 
I rap, full time and still pump bass on the weekend. 
And nigga I've been all over the map. 
That niggas, with long paper, take longer to crack 
That's. Why? Every chance I buy me a gat 
While, you rather buy you a chain. I aim at your brain. 
Nigga robbery is all we know so how we gon go broke 
When. We could always take all y'all dough. 
And then fly out to Cuba and get in the coke fields 
Die off the buddha. Fifty with fifty mill 
Bring drama cause Gianconna got Kennedy killed. 
If you come through in a jet, then you frontin to us 
Cause. When the coke price was up, it was nuthin to us. 
We got blocks full of heroin, weed and dust 
Seen bullets pop off cause of greed and lust 
And. When the big dogs die, who gon feed the pups 
My niggas is here. So you know the circle is tight, 
I circle, the block and cut off the lights-pray to Christ. 
And. When the cops come, we don't care. We got shotguns 
Them niggas, with the most ice, get the hot ones, 
Stay on your job, cuz nigga I'mma stay on mine 
And. If I lose my voice, nigga I'mma flow online 
And by next year. We should have a thousand guns, 
Nigga RuffRyders Ryde or Die Volume. One 
 
