Dope Shit Lyrics
by Que (FreeMind).


You see I'm gangsta.
But thats obvious.
Never sold cocaine or crack, not even some mid.
Lungs fresh, I don't even smoke a little bit.
But that ain't the type of music that you'll want to hear.

Might shed a tear, but I never killed a man.
It ain't a Lambo or Maserati I'm riding in.
Shoot! The only gun I own is a SuperSoaker.
But violence seems to be the only thing you'll understand.

Maybe I'll never be a star.
Cause really, I'm no robber, ain't riding no foriegn car.
Ain't buying out any bars.
And ain't braking any laws.
But doing whats right just ain't appealing to you'll.

I guess that why they call me conscience.
Cause I spit that real life instead of that nonsense.
'Rapping like this will never get me green like the Jets'.
That thought got me feeling bluer than the New York Giants.

Like maybe if I start rappin' about , I might get off the bench and get some.
action.
So, I'll just ass, pussy, slut, ho, bitch.
Fuck, damn, shit.
A couple of times and lets see what happens.

They say, Que, spit something more commercial.
Or the only time you'll be a star is when it's on commercial..
They say, It's that simple. Just spit a couple lines.
About having sex with dimes.
And smoking a little purple.

Come on! It won't hurt you..
That's just how it is.
If a girl can dance to it, then you just might make it big.
The industry ain't about music, It's about bringing in them chips.
As long as you make a dollar, then the labels loving it.

Cause that underground sound radio don't play.
Made it out of slavery, but chains still in my brain.
The white man ain't got to do a GOD DANG thing.
We whip ourselves with the violence and our desire for change.

And I ain't talking about Obama, I'm talking about the cash.
We chase like we playing tag.
Foolish desires we have.
Got us back tracking, and the radio don't help.
It play that high fructose, It's bad for your health.

Yea, They want that dope, Huh.
They want that dope ISH.
They want that robbing and drug dealing music.
They want to hear about robbing and shootin'.
Ignorance is everywhere its hard to be elusive.

Guess I'll just please the masses, still try to be real.
Make it sound ignorant and still speak how I feel.
Make something you can play while you get high.
They want that dope shit, well alright.

