Down Bottom Lyrics
by Ruff Ryders.

Swizz Beatz 
Mmmm mmmm, 
Ha Ha Ha. Oh Damn 
Now bop to this Oh Yeah 
Ya'll know what this is: 
Drag-On 
Flame on 
Swizz Beatz, 
Juvenile, Drag-on, 
Drag-On 
Flame on 
Swizz, Beatz, 
And, now, Swizz, Swizz, Beatz, yeah, 
 
Me and my niggas done licked shots 
Even done hit cops 
Bet, ya'll niggas can't wait till My shit drop 
Treat. You, like your moma given' lip to pop 
Nigga. You don't want my paper drop 
Cause. That means I'm empty 
And, your full of it 
Check. What the bullet did 
Missiles gon na hit you get you 
Rip through tissue, Should have never rhymed. This cause, I miss you 
I make plus cash Ya'll little niggas can't fuck wit Drag 
Got the chain out, So it's bust and grab 
Nigga fuck that You better bust back'fore ya, nigga ask back where the vest at 
Rock like a girl, but you can't trust cash. 
Spit, like a fire, but you can't touch black 
All you can do - is cuss back And read back how you bust gats 
Nigga. We don't need that. I don't care about your feed back 
Ya'll niggas, don't feed, Drag 
Tell a motherfucker pull out Bust, a bullet out In ya, safe house 
Nigga, where the keys at Nigga, where the stash at Nigga, where the weed at 
Nigga pass that'fore. I pull my trigger 
Mater fact. Where the ass at Cause, I got the Ruff Ryders 
And. I ain't talkin bout, my niggas 
Nigga. We can go hoe for hoe Toe to toe Blow for blow 
And. When you fell your nose crack 
That mean I broke that I'm fittin to PO-PO wit, a flame thrower, like I told yo'
befo' ya, know 
You can't handle it. You can put me on wax, but my fire burn candles 
And, who that nigga Ruff Rydin' Drag-on Ya'll niggas and south siders 
 
Do ya'll niggas bust ya'll guns, 
 
Do, you fuck them'till, they cum 
 
It's for the north 
 
Ruff Ryders gon na show ya'll Niggas, who rides the best 
 
In, the late night 
We be cockin high givin', you stage fright, 
Yo' head might explode 
When I bust with the lead pipe 
And. I say right: 
Juvenile, hey, tight 
Stay hype, 
Now page Mike 
And make sure he got all the yeah aight 
I'm tired of niggas be thinkin that you usein' me 
Runnin with them. Petty ass, niggas lookin' like fools to me 
I'm workin wit, some change ha 
And ain't. Afraid to put 50 up on ya brain ha, 
You'bout warin' over ya people, I'm the same ha 
Look I'ma have some body sayin', thats the shame game 
But. If them people come, they ain't gon na give no names ha 
Playin' with the number one son don't play. No games ha 
Come outside, don't see nothin', but camoflage and bricks. 
Yo' get some boys straped with danas tryin knock off yo' shit, 
Ya, stankin' bitch. I Ruff Ryde, your ass, then 
Cashin' for money, Juve, ain't, gettin, nothin', Ha Ha Ha. That shit is funny 
 
When. My niggas get knocked. We gon na bail them out. 
When it come to my gun. My shells is out 
You, better get the message cause. I done mailed it out. 
I'Ma, bang, like a hammer and I'ma nail us out, 
East west, the right this for my niggas up north 
My guns made in China. So you better dust off 
Cause when they getcha you gon na be ketchup. 
I always got chedder. I never ass bet ya' 
And. I won't even sweat ya' We roll much larger and better 
My dough is never low 
But. If Drag is down on his last 
I'ma reach. In my sweater bet, my baretta 
Make, a nigga feel heat in cold weather. 
Can'T stand a nigga hype, Throw me his bitch 
Bitch, come to my shit. You betta come get her 
Be like a dog with a bone. I run with her 
Ya'll. Make me so tired, Ya'll niggas, still rappin', like ya'll, don't know: my
flows fire 
Ya'll ain't got ya'll boots Ain't got ya'll suits probaly, got a gun that ain't
never shoot When they come. You better hope they don't name. You 
Cause, like two sticks, rubbin' I'll flame. You 
Don't. Try to be me cause I ain't, you 
'fore. I have your spirits with the angels. 
My shorty keep a gun on the ankles 
Wana fuck watch out. She will bang you 
Cause. I taught her well Ya'll players better haul to hell. 
But you niggas couldn't borrow a belt 
Who evers wit. You is gon na jail, 
Is, you iggas bustin' guns, or you ain't bustin'. None ha 
You want to fuck'em till they cum ha 
, 
Drag-on Juvenille double up what you want ha 
 
