Down Azz Zaggin Lyrics
by 5th Ward Boyz.


Niggas don't wanna stand up out a partnership.
Cuz I done seen many niggas say they down and got a nigga killed.
Frontin to a funky ass bitch and shit.
And building up they fucking rep in an instant.
Talkin about they did this and did that.
And know enough they funky ass didn't do jack.
Starting a bunch of bullshit conflict.
It's bad enough you made a nigga get his wig split.
I better not hear none of you ho's talking mine.
I put them slugs up in yo ass with my tek nine.
I got them niggas that's gon back me gon slack me uh.
And lo-life and e-rock's off in this bitch g.
And it'll do is gonna tighten up that final touch.
We rocking niggas and we down to bust that.
Huh, you see we plotting on them ho's yeah.
Your life is ended you know  your fucking friend or foe.
I'm firing up that cess and I guess you figure, yeah.
That we some down ass niggas.

Fucking with them niggas I'm down with.
Fucking with them niggas I'm down with.
Fucking with them niggas I'm down with.
Fucking with them niggas I'm down with.

Down to do some business on the sneak.
Tip a nigga from the fifth was on the mothafucking road trip.
Making this journey for another niggas sake.
And if he gets caught that's just a chance he's gotta take.
Kicking on the road getting close to his stop.
And now he's getting trailed by a motherfucking cop.
The cop throws his flashers.
He has to stop his ride.
They took him to the jail for the dope that was inside.
The cop's got a case that they know is gonna stick.
He sacrificed his freedom for our whole damn clique.
So what was we to do?
It's time for respect.
So each and every month we send his family a check.
And keep his kids up, and send them off to school.
Taking care his business was the least that we could do.
For a down ass nigga.

Fucking with them niggas I'm down with.
I'm fucking with them niggas I'm down with.
I'm fucking with them niggas I'm down with.
I'm fucking with them niggas I'm down with.

Punk motherfuckers wanna be down but I'm not with it.
I can't stand a booty-ass nigga down to get a nigga killed.
Set him up smooth like an alley-oop.
Ready for the dark bitch.
Right before you know it you'll be laying dead in a ditch yo.
It's obvious and very plain to see to me.
That them niggas that I'm down with ain't taking shit G.
Better put them up and get down for your crown tek nine to your face.
Now you laying face down.
Locked up in a body bag.
Off to the dark.
Tuck him in beddy bye stuff his ass in a trunk.
Yeah, I live my life behind a trigga.
Fifth Ward Circle Punk, some down ass niggas.

Fucking with them niggas I'm down with.
Fucking with them niggas I'm down with.
Fucking with them niggas I'm down with.
Fucking with them niggas I'm down with.
Fucking with them niggas I'm down with.
Figgidy-fucking with them niggas I'm down with.
Fucking with them niggas I'm down with.
Yeah, it's on.

