Down with the King Lyrics
by Run-D.M.C..


Reporters cry producers die, 
They, wan na be down with the King. 
Producers die they wan na be down 
 Wan na be down with the King, 
 
Run 
 
Down, with the king for years about ten of'em 
Recruiting suckers Mac and Mike and makin' men, of'em, 
Tears and fears for my peers. They rippin' 
You think that it is, it is, if not, it isn't 
Race for the border. My daughter cause beats you're bangin' out 
Jeeps rockin' beats in the streets when there's time for hangin' out 
Gather or rather form a circle around a loud 
Cause, brothers or others. Could never ever rock a crowd 
Is it because he's runnin' off with the mouth 
Or? Was he really clearly tryin' to play a nigga out? 
Nope shut him down the king with a crown 
Cause. All you wan na be is Diggy Down 
 
Down with the king, the king 
 
Two years ago, a friend of mine 
Asked me to say some MC rhymes 
So. I said this rhyme, I'm about to say, 
The rhyme was meeca and it went this way. 
Recollect a mecca mic check on the windmill skills. 
Mac distracts, wearing
Godfather hats, 
It's, okay, to parlay to fortee, better 
Tell'em. My nigga made a sweater tougher than leather 
Swing, another Rodney King thing and i'll wreck 
But. Just like the white one. I get no respect. 
Money stay awake cause them. Other niggas are fake, 
From Hollis to the Beacon. Now your dumb ass is leakin' 
C.L. and Run DMC so rush. It 
Big time way before Hammer got to touch it 
Remember the faces in all types of places, 
Look Ma no shoelaces 
And. I'M 
 
DMC 
 
I'm takin', the tours, I'm wreckin', the land 
I keep it hardcore because it's dope man 
These, are the roughest toughest words I ever wrote down. 
Not mean for a ho like a slow jam check. It 
Sucka emcees could never swing with D. 
Because of all the things that I bring with me, 
Only G-O-D could be a king to me 
And. If the G-O-D be in me, then the king I be 
The. Microphone is granted when it's handed to me. 
I was planted on this planet and I plan to emcee 
The emcee fiends only seem to agree 
That, I rock all the world and the society 

My voice is raw. My lyrics is law 
I, keep it hardcore. Like you never saw 
 
Pete Rock 
I'm, the man. You see in the place to be 
I went to John Jay University 
And since kindergarten I acquired the knowledge 
And after twelve grade. I went straight to college 
Down with the kings on the mic, a full swinger 
The P to the R, not an
R 
