Draft Day Lyrics
by Un-Ez.


Fell in love with Lauryn hill.
I was raised in the garden state.
This track made me just reminisce.
So shoutout to that nigga Drake.
Confidential is coming soon.
Pretty soon I'll give you a date.
Thank my fans for being patient.
I promise not a mistake.
I been working hard on the album.
And I'm Feeling more than great.
I got tired of hearing Lou in the morn yelling motivate.
Fuck raising the bar.
I'm trynna make the game levitate kill everything moving Motherfuckers.
Pull out the yellow tape.
The flow's a crime scene fuck around and catch me a case.
Apartment is small I need a big estate.
A few puzzles pieces left b4 we start to renovate.
And treat some money like a birthday party and blow on some Cake.
Neanderthal rappers afraid of change.
Put yourself back inside of a cave.
Monkey see monkey do niggas back inside of your cage.
My status is Godzilla.
Beware or be afraid.

So much devotion and matching my lyrics the passion the musical interactions.
emotion my spirit commitment that goes Into rapping.
Do I become a slave to.
All my satisfaction.
With a.
Wifey at home while Im fucking my latest attraction stepping Over her feelings.
Keeping it moving like a verb all my words are becoming Actions it's hard to.
observe.
My soul is dying meeting its fatal subtraction.
Do I fall a victim to addiction to all of these vixens.
So lord be my witness.
Be my guidance.
I hope the money don't lead to violence.
The route of evil.
Instead of providing attempts to divide us.
After we.
Walked through the valley of death together.
Attempting to make something outta nothing a tad bit better.
Out of ourselves my nigga.
We were raised to ambitious should we be blaming jigga.
Do someone become a judas.
Because of paper.
Do we need an affidavit.
To do a nigga a favor.
Cause wherever there's prosperity.
The devils wants to neighbor.
One day will get their ears one day will get their hearts.
Let's keep it together like we do it with the art.
Can't let the business side of things break us all apart.
Shit.
Break us all apart on our draft days.

