Drank Up in My Cup Lyrics
by Swishahouse.

Drank up in my cup, man hold up 
It's the big tike. I got swangas in my truck 
Baby Expedition, spun my tuition, 
Got them partnas cooking up crack in the kitchen 
 
Crack in the kitchen, your boys on a mission 
Break them boys out screens in ma expedition screens in my lack 
Yup. My trunk crack break them boys off. It'S like this and like that
 
This and like that I'mma go long, 
It's bout to go off in the zone, 
I'mma a stay real coming down with my mind on dolla bills, 
 
On dollar bills got to pop the pill. I'M a show my ass 
I'mma a make a damn mill. I got skill bout to hold the mic. 
Wassupp Lil Ron, Wassup Lester Now is the Tike 
 
Wassupp Lester Wassupp Ron, it's the Tike 
I done came down wreck shop on the mic, 
Like that boy Watt 
might floss a yacht, 
I'mma act like Lil Pat and give it all. I got 
On this track. Fifth, gon na relax 
I'mma come thru. I shoot a green like the Packs. 
I can go hard, I can go harder. 
I done came down, I done had a lil daughter, 
I can go harder, got a Swishahouse starter 
Momma got mad cause. I smashed on her daughter. 
I'M a damn burner: I'mma 4 swanga turna 
It's, the lil I can be
the young learner. 
A nigga is cool. When I'm out the boys brook 

Man, I'm a crook cause, I'm outta Rosewood 
Had to let them know cause everythings, understood, 
 
It's understood got to pay. My hood 
It's, the northside damm straight, is Rosewood. 
I'M a hit the eastside seen my boy Dash 
I'm come down. I got grain on my dash 
Watch me turn swangas put'em on a Buick 
Draped up and driped as a pullin out whip, an extra fucking clip 
A hater. If you plexin, I'm a come thru. I mights tell my suggestion: 
 
Tell ya, my suggestion in my ro-lexus. I'M a come down. 
Yupp them hataer be plexin. I can drop the top make it get a ready. 
I can flip my screen watch Malcolm and Eddy manne. I'M goofin is still that boy, ken I'm a come. Down
I might beat the block rim wassupp to big watt. Make this shit chopped, I'm a
come down, I'm a hop in my drop 
 
Hop in my drop. Make this shit chopped. Is the big tite hell naww. I won't stop 
I'mma go hard. Is the pin renard get on ma knees and say a praya to the Lord 
That's? My Jesus, that's my man. I then did a drive by on the damn Klan 
Talking bout, the Klux worth big bucks had to come thru with that boy. Big
Tuck Sign a contract bill fallen back 
So I'mma. Take the mic, give the floda ali ca. Man get the mic 
Cause the ron getting hypa like the NB 
I got 25 lighters in my
red viper man, too thrower 
Lil ron been a G. I'M talking glassy ass, 4's 
Man, I'm a playa from the Himalaya broke them boys out bad 
I'm, a dope rhyme saya, big dick laya, and I be the youngest 

I'm getting swallowed from a women. Women got me eating. 
I'Mma keep creepin gots to come down and I'm neva, eva beatin, 
Might jack off twice. Do it my way, got them big, bona ona dam day, 
Blow a pound of hay and I'm drinking on syrup 
Wassup AK. We gone so
off in the burb 
 
Flipin in my burb sippin on syrup 
I can flip a switch and make my drop. Do the gerr 
Like that boy EL? That'S my dam. Male 
I den driped out iden took a nigga yeah 
I den took his dam life neva thought twice: 
I'mma come down, wassupp to ma boy, tite 
Wassupp to big tubby hoes. They gonee love me 
, Wan na get me in tub and just lovvy dubby ..., wasss ... up 
 
Hold up manne hold pp. Is that boy tubby 
How, I might get throwed is pretty goin and them rocks gon rolL 
What them boys, swangin
what them boys banging 
Bouts to come down and I'm steady, maintaining 
 Got ta stack my paper gots to get rich. Let them hoes know 
Betta known as a bitch. I'M a hit a switch 
I'm. A get hypa manee were that shit at pass. My dam lighter
 
