Dream Out Lyrics
by Virtuoso.

One night I laid down and turned the lights out.
Next thing I know I'm awake in the white house.
Only a few feet away from the president.
Who's giving answers to reporters while they question his.
Foreign policy his stand on ecology.
The war on poverty and his plan for the economy.
And as the camers focuses nobody notices.
My form crouched underneath a desk motionless.
Then he told them its time for action.
And he doesn't care who's willing to back him.
He's attacking for the AMerican dream.
Plans for blasting at the terror regime.
Prepared it would seem to spend dough on more weapons.
He said no more questions rose and walked past.
Fingers crossed heard him laugh then he saw me it seems.
And whispered...........
).

A couple nights with my alarm set for ten I've gone.
To sleep in my bed then woke up in the pentagon.
In the basement, adjacent to the war room.
By the general's chair, where they're planning your doom.
Saying civilian casualties are a small price.
For killing their faculty to get oil and gas for free.
The president said these Muslim's practice blasphemy.
If I don't blast them first they coming after me.
Ain't notice me, talking openly bout smoking three.
World leaders and covering paw prints of perverts.
Wearing rosaries, it's like a spells holding me.
Controlling me, forcing me to see the sights that they're showing me.
Talking bout blowing these, countries off the map.
Rockets smoke 'em openly, cause we got the gats.
Leaned back in his chair stared at me it seems and said.........

Some nights when I drift into dream.
This is the scene, I wake up a killer marine.
Guerilla machine, with a nine milli that scream.
Titanium hollow tip clips to drill out your spleen.
My team, is the last resort, a special task force.
Performing government hits, we catch a fast corpse.
Then leave without a trace, your body leave without a face.
Send your cadaver off with NASA to rot in outer space.
This time I've been assigned to find the minds.
Who design anti-American crimes.
I climb, through the mountains I hear a sound in a cave and.
I think I found 'em I walk in and cock my pound and I stop.
I'm shocked astounded at what I see.
W.B., Mr. American me, chilling with the terrorist three.
Discussing oil prices, my legs went soft like boiled rice with.
The thought that I'm caught in soiled vice grips.
Stabbing my heart like ice picks.
The betrayal is never ending like Atrayu and my life is.
Flashing in front of me I cock my gun and they scream......

