Dreams Lyrics
by Zoetic.


It all starts with a dream, new way of makin that green.
Ill paint a scene for you listeners, that may seem quite extreme.
It was the start of the summer, he just got out of the county.
He met a couple people doing life for catching a hounny.
Sometimes the money is flooding, sometimes its empty and gutted.
But to make it in life, you gotta be cold-blooded.
So he set on a journey, nothin less he'd ever settle.
To make the quickest come-up, that would shake the whole ghetto.
And have it poppin like a kettle, put the pedal to the medal.
Liven life in the fast lane, from makin them drugs slang.
He wasn't reppin no gang, but he still felt like the man.
He kept the thugs entertained, from selling that work.
Puttin haters in a hearse with that pistol under his shirt.
Wave it out the window, skkkrrrrtt! stand still you end up murked!
Cause life ebbs and it flows, thats just the way that it goes.
Started off wit a bean, and ended up wit a beam.
He would play his own music, to the sounds of the screams.
Mixing that sprite wit that lean, another midnight summers dream.

It was all a dream…
I wanted all the money…
Bitch i made it…
Man im dreamin i can't believe it…
Bitch i made it…
It all starts with a dream…

So he met up with his bunkie that bailed out of the pod.
Livin they're dream on the streets, his life was like a facade.
Seein that gold in the distance, looking like a mirage.
They played to scenes in their head like the sounds of an iPod.
It was stashed, in they're garage, he said the job, wasn't too hard.
Just a bunch of frat boys that all played with theyre guitars.
It was a simple robbery, of a weed commodity.
Ten bricks piled up, all the way to the ceiling.
All they had to do was wear a mask and walk into the building.
And be strapped up to the max.
But calm and relaxed, is not what this man was feeling.
He already caught two charges.
He was on his second strike.
In the bottom of the ninth his own life he would sacrifice.
For just a slice of the pie, three and a third pound cut.
Part of him wanted to burn it down, all in one dutch.
But it was never enough! so they met up after lunch.
They had it all mapped out, looked over the blueprints.
He couldn't refuse this, to the sounds of the music.
They all had a separate role, and they made a good team.
Of what was the beginning and the ending of a hustler's dream.

It was twilight when they rolled up.
Getting they're last minute smoke up.
A hold up, loading the ratchets with hollow tips.
He took the blunt and passed it.
He exhaled slowly looking at his surroundings.
Reflecting on his dark past and how now its astounding.
They had it all set up, selling they're come up at whole sale.
Thirty five for each brick, that would make they're pockets swell.
They could feel the adrenaline sweating out of their pores.
So they ran up to the porch and he kicked down the door.
Stepping into the house, and the odor was strong.
They found their victims sitting on the couch, hitting the bong.
One of them coughed up smoke, mufucka was boutta choke.
He put the gun to his throat and he gave it a good poke!
No words needed be said, the kids knew why they were there.
He called up to the stairs, but no one was there.
So they bodied em on the spot and none of them seemed to care.
The kid stared at his fallen corpse, making sure he was dead.
Then he snatched the key from his pocket and opened their shed.
But what he found on the inside made his face turn red.
It was all cleaned out, they were there for no reason.
Now he started to feel like his life didn't have any meaning.
He stormed up to the kid, staring a hole in the floor.
Screaming “speak the fuck up and just cough up the gold!”.
He said a kid broke into the house and stole it the night before.
He looked up at the ceilin, he thought for sure he was dreaming.
Through an act of treason his life had no meaning.
And i know this ain't a dream, cause that person was me.
So just be careful what you wish for cause these dreams ain't free!

