Drivin' Round Lyrics
by Wu Block.


Out the window with that Range or that muscle car.
Arm hanging out the window,.
diamonds in that big Chopard.
Weed in the cracked cigar, more sour in the jar.
Looking both ways, I'm cautious when I'm.
Hoodrats that's fresh, but barely feed their kids.
Little kids that's killers and love doing bids.
Unemployment lines, Mexicans'll work for nothing.
You pray with them, but you don't know who that priest been touching.
Liquour stores, strip clubs, filthy whores.
Somebody daughter getting ten singles to drop her drawers.
Crack fiends buy a new TV for 20 beans.
Niggas tryna get money, police.
Blue flags, red flags, different gangs.
OG's still outside, it never changes.
McDonald's, chinese food, a thousand chains.
I'm just tryna use my brains when I'm.

Step in the car and go.
Round down by your lady, and I be waiting at the door.
We 'bout to go.

Look, I'm fresh back from out of state, JFK arrival.
A big spliff in my ashtray,.
July sunny day.
And I'm feeling 'ight too, sliding through Medina.
I done pushed everything, I love the way the Benz swing.
So I turn my music up, caught a.
thought, wrote it down.
I've seen him come back from outta town and get laid down.
His music loud, windows down, summer heat vibing.
It's live when I'm gliding, I'm smoking while I'm driving.
Riding, mini skirts flirting while I'm passing, they waving.
I'm leaning hard cruising, grooving to the beat.
As I move through these mean streets.
I beep at the seeds, stop, bless them with a little guap.
I keep it rolling, picture me twirling the big truck.
U com, my cheap skin shearing all the leather.
It's a cold world, winter war weather.
This is Wu-Block music for the black hooded champions.

What is the key to life, with no ignition?
Another jump start, then I'm on my mission.
I keep ID, insurance, and registration.
Wu music, good hemp for stimulation.
Pull out the station, yell to pedestrians.
Blacks, whites, Asians, Indians and Mexicans.
At the light, a base head, fragile as a Pringle.
He asks me can I spare a change? I throw up singles.

Addiction so strong, got him in knee deep.
Button on his lapel, picture of Obama.
Four years later we stuck in the same drama.
These streets corners, just overcrowded saunas.
Bigger losers drop weight, sweating from the trauma.
Education to a thug is well debated.
Each crime is kinfolk, all blood related.

