Drugs And Alcohol Lyrics
by Twiztid.

Blaze, Ya, Dead, Homie 
You know I smoke weed it
burns. I exhale 
I'm high right now, who the fuck you gon' tell 
You can probably smell aromas comin' on strong 
Like, the stench of the water in the bottom of my bong 
Ain't, no peace, for'get along'. No, I'm not a flower child .
45 up in my waist you
poppin' off, we gettin' 
Give me room in the zoom that I'm gone off. The keyshia cole 
Eyes closed holding back the choke cause. My lungs is full 
Pass. The shit get it back again for another bowl. 
Smoking, like a chimney cause there ain't no carbonation ho 
Nothing in the room, but clouds far as I can see, 
You wan na get high with me, 
 
A couple pounds burning up. 
I owe that loud 
Mixed with that swerve in my cup 
So high. I can't come down 
And, I'm shit-faced. Yes, I'm wasted 
I'm shit-faced 
 
How many times. Can I chime rhymes with a fried mind 
Is? What you're? Thinking with every line that you rewind of mine 
Let me remind that in order to walk the border of evil. 
I'M burning quarters at the speed that a racecar drive 
I get abnormally high, but inside 
I'm transforming like I was Optimus Prime 
But. The form that I reside is a crime. Lord 
With an eye four times the size of any kinda cyborg y'all can find 
Feel. Like I wan na go play on the dark side 
So. I got my little bag of that cloud. Nine 
And I'll start by taking a short drive to the cemetery 
And. Then I'mma park right get a flashlight in a grave site. 
And then I'll be ready to spark mine with a great time. 
 
Yo Blaze Monoxide, 
Y'all, motherfuckers, held it down for the weed heads, but what about the
alcoholics 
Let's go 
 
Roamin' with the airlines, as I'm floatin', drinkin' Cognac, 
Big glass, no ice to the rim. I'M in pushing my wig back 
It's time to sit back 4 hours till last call 
I got a pocket full of hundreds, I'm thirsty. I came to ball 
Do I tip or double pour double ounces. 
Bottle here bottle there I swear I'll share 
That's, really where it counts. 
There'S, a party where I'm sittin' 
I'm soaking up all the liquid 
Alcohol yeah, I'm addicted 
My advice. Train is shiftin'. 
I went from doobies to blunts a bowl to a bong 
Now they're toking it they did even ripped it up in our songs, 
It's impossible to be hard, sippin' cocktails, two straws 
But, I'm granted, don't understand it 
Managed to pulled it off for alcohol. 
 
We got the sticky in the back 
Hennessy on my lap, I'm sippin' out the snifter 
 
