Drunk girls Lyrics
by Wooden Shjips.

Drunk girls, drunk girls.
Drunk girls, drunk girls.
Drunk girls, drunk girls cause a couple of heart attacks.
Drunk girls, drunk girls are unusually mild.
But drunk boys, drunk boys keep in pace with the pedophiles.
Drunk girls, drunk girls are boringly wild.
Drunk girls, drunk girls get invitations from nations.
Drunk girls, they got the patience of a million of saints for sake.
Drunk boys, they steal, they steal from the cupboards.
Drunk girls, drunk girls like to file complaints.
Drunk girls, drunk girls are like a night of simplicity.
Drunk girls, they need a lover who is smarter than me.
Well, drunk boys, drunk boys, we walk like pedestrians.
Drunk girls, now drunk girls wait an hour to pee.
Drunk girls, drunk girls know that love is an astronaut.
Drunk girls, it comes back but it's never the same.
Drunk boys, drunk boys, drunk boys, drunk boys.
Drunk girls can be just as insane.
Oh, oh, oh, I believe in waking up together.
So oh, oh, that means making eyes across the room.
Drunk girls, just cause I'm shallow doesn't mean that I'm heartless.
Drunk girls, just cause I'm heartless doesn't mean that I'm mean.
But drunk boys, sometimes love gives us too many options.
Drunk girls, just cause you're hungry doesn't mean that you're lean.
Drunk girls, I've heard lies that could curdle your heartstrings.
Drunk girls, a couple truths, maybe burn out your eyes.
But drunk boys, drunk boys leave their irons in the fireplace.
Drunk girls, drunk girls give them too many tries.
Drunk girls, drunk girls, drunk girls, drunk girls.
Drunk girls, drunk girls, drunk girls, drunk girls.
Drunk girls, drunk girls, drunk girls, drunk girls.
Drunk girls, drunk girls, drunk girls, drunk.
Oh, oh, oh, I believe in waking up together.
Oh, oh, oh, I believe I'm waking up but no promises.
Oh, oh, oh, I believe in waiting out the weather.
Oh, oh, oh, I believe in making up.
The day becomes the night.

The day becomes the night.

The day becomes the night.

The day becomes the night.
Honestly, honestly, honestly.
Unless it hurts, why do it?
Hey, hey, hey, hey, oh.
SONGWRITERS.
RUSSOM, GAVIN / MURPHY, JAMES JEREMIAH / MAHONEY, PATRICK.
PUBLISHED BY.

