Dysthymia Lyrics
by Yung Dori.


Aye.
It's Yung Dori.

My blood hits the stones right when I slice up my neck.
I got the sudafed on deck.
I'm carding, billing the cheques.

You say you do this shit because you love it.
Well I got thirty bitches in a different city saying that they with me.

Looking to the east.
Hoping that I get some sleep.
You bitches talking like you made it.
Never really made a peep, never sleep.

Homeless in the reservoir.
I'm spittin with the metaphors.
You need to get some better bars, i'm gone.

Faded to the face i'll never make it.
Gizmo and Murkmob'll take it.
When I say this never leave it for later.
You always playing, always say i'm insane.

Grab the heat and then the blade and now i'm fucking derranged.
I take the psyches and the Xanax.
I swear I might leave you bandaged.
You asking for it you'll get it.
It's time that we did some damage.

Now that's the way that we working.
I watch her sway and she twerking.
I fuck that bitch she deserve it.

Fuck that shit I don't wanna grow up.
Lemme roll up a blunt, do me glo up.
How much time till I blow up.
I don't give a shit if you don't know us.
Plenty ladies already hate me.
Some say that they wanna date me.
Others play me fuck me lazy, I just wanna be alone lately.

Dry blood on my hands all day.
Dirty blades i'm throwin fades.
When you come around me just be careful of the things you say.

Short temper I need a wood.
It calm me down like a needle would.
My therapy is rollin good and I don't stop even though I should.

Bouta getta anotha fucking bitch in my crib.
I don't really give a fuck about where she want me to jizz.
I'm just tryna to bust a nut right here right quick.
Yea i'm tryna bust a nut right here, right quick.

Run when i'm done.
On to the next one.
Gonna fuck around sum, come all on her bum.

Still don't care bout no one, can't find that special one.
I can never tell if anyone wants to listen.
So I dream about my future every time i'm wishing.
I can tell it's bright because the way that it glistens.
I just hope the life I had isn't the thing that i'm missing.

