Easy To Find Lyrics
by Two Thirds Tan.


Life Just ain't what it seems...
How it appears is never how I dream, I mean.
Sometimes even the headlights don't gleam.
And Im not tryna bury ya self esteem.
Like Jet dry I dry-clean, We rhyme Supreme.
Two Three is the name of my team it seems, bang bang.
They call me young and ruthless.
I don't dispute this, but being ruthless isn't useless.
Im lethal cause my newness and I betcha you knew this.
Looking for Nirvana like a converted Buddhist.
Note to Self, I always wanted to watch me do this.
Saving money like Im Jewish, My wrist and kicks the bluest.
You could like it, Love it or Vomit.
As long as you know either way Im gettin a profit.
So check the bank accounts, Im gettin mad amounts.
Ya got tah bounce.
Makin a gram, sellin' an ounce.
I usually don't rhyme slow to save time like geico.

Im easier to find than Fido.
33% Albino, UHN.

Che, Che, Check it out.
Ch, Che, Check it out Che Che Check it out Yup.
Triple T just Check check it out.
Che, Check it out Triple T just Check it out.

What, Aight check it uhn.
Ya uh, ok, uhn.
Young Spiz about to wreck it, throw on another record.
Cause the words I speak are wretched.
I'll make you go dyslexic tryna get the message.
2/3 is what Im reppin', Two Tan will make you question.
Every second that your steppin' on the earth, uhn.
I been ON since birth, Always my rhymes come first.
I won't leave the game like a bad curse.
I'm killin oldies like a rogue nurse.
You say your pullin' the trigger but you never burst.
So let me know first, So I can serve you on some beats you never heard of.
You know I get assertive when I step in with the murder.
I keep it hot like Im standing on a burner.

Cause Im a rabbit racin' turtles, Im steady Blastoise to you fuckin Squirtles.
My visions take you further.
Its Triple T I KNOW YOU HEARD OF US.
Ya we sure to bust, Smooth shit.
Young Spiz..Catch a hot one son.
Turbo Whattup?

Im like, Like.
Im Like, Like.

Yo It's Turbo, and I tell em' Whatup.
I like it when cats think they tough with they hand on they nuts NAH.
Two Three don't fall for fronts AND.
Two Three months they stall the hunt.
But no point in delayin', We light em up like we burn them blunts.
Just sayin'.
Don't pick a fight that you bound to lose.
You might win the first but we count to two and crown our jewels.
Havin' ya mother sing a house of blues.
Uhn.
Back in the day, I sat in the backseat.
Never packed heat Noddin my head to phat beats.
Wit Nas yelling Yall'll Never Catch me.

