Ed Gein Lyrics
by Zoetic.

Sample Pennywise from It 
Fraid, I am eternal child 
I am the eater of worlds and of children. 
And. You are next 
 
F Sharp 
Ok lem me paint this picture. 
Spittin' the holy scripture, get'ta poppin' off, like a blister 
With, these different rhymes. I deliver 
I sip from the elixir and float away. I'Mma drifter 
Lynch invited me over now. I'M eatin' him up for dinner. 
You only live once so I'm livin' it as a sinner 
You beg for life. I beg'ta differ tossin' em into a fissure 
He gon, get found by a fisher, his
people lookin' for him Bobby Fisher 
Where is he I dont know i dont know 
Im hotter than the Alamo. I got. The sickest flow 
You think ya. Big! No! Try that shit at one of my shows 
You kinda rap, so ill flatten. You like a plateau, 
Ho's ... Yea. That goes for them too. 
Ain'T got my head on straight. I got a couple of loose screws. 
Oohh Kill'em Now make the blood ooze 
I got these ghosts that haunt me, you can call me Mr.Scrooge 
I, remember choppin' blues, i remember pressin' snooze 
I, remember, gettin', robbed for weed and stuck up with the tool. 
This shit is breaking news. I'M'Bout ta Break Bad 
Wake. Up in the morning, have myself a little breakfast 
Wit' a side of yo wifey's ass. My head might be in the wrong place. 
I put cheeks in my face. Got brains on top of plates. 
Ate ... is exactly what i did to them: 
I'm a cannibal. I said it crazier than a wild animal 
No. One can see me my style, isn't even tangible, 
Carvin' up ya clavicle, I'm casual. Until i see you in the nighttime, then my
thoughts turn irrational 
Stabbin' jabs at a high caliber the
time traveller 
Drivin' alone in a fast car and I'm the fucking passenger 
Equipped wit' a shotgun, it's boutta be a drive-by massacre. 
Bloodshed of these amateurs, you gon' need more than a janitor 
To clean. This mess up, I'm messed up me and the devil play dress-up. 
You can't tell who's who, even if you was a good guesser, 
Like yessir, I'm Ed Gein wearing an
apron. That'S blood-stained 
Watch blood drain. When i bring this blade to yo head like Damon Wayans 
Im talking Major Pain Darker than the
villian Bane, 

But fuck, it cause all of my homies are straight from the Bay 
We, just open up them sliding door and let them bullets. Rain. 
 
I grew up inside a haunted house, snatchin' trick-or-treaters on Halloween
it's, a game of cat and mouse 
Now, I'm tying down ya spouse to the bloody couch rippin off her blouse 
Then I'mma fuck, her till she's passed out 
 
Sample The Strangers 
Why. Are you doing this to us 
Because, you were home
 
