Eiffel. Lyrics
by Sweats..


I like drugs yeah, I like drugs yeah, *laughs*.
Nah, man, I'm just playin'.
Wassup girl, tryna chill?
I'm just tryna chill tonight, that's it.
No, I'm just tryna smoke and kick it.
Check out this song I made real quick, aight?
Listen.

Chillin' with the folk, all these niggas tryna toke.
So we smoking on some sour, feeling nice, got the power.
As we all start to devour, the beautiful flower.
Niggas hating, we get higher, higher than the eiffel.
Eiffel, higher than the eiffel.
Ei-eifeel, higher than the eiffel x2.

Ask me the clique, and I'll tell you it's cake.
Fuck with my boys, and I'll tell you your fate.
Think he tough, then I'll tell it to his face.
Niggas startin' shit cause they just wanna hate.
Tryna make sure that my money is right.
Not tryna fuck, I'm just tryna get high.
Night lookin' young and we tryna get drunk.
Fuck lyrics, I do this shit for the fun.
I'm chillin' at a party with some pretty white girls.
And they're pretty white-girl, and.
they're pretty high, girls.
In the bathroom doin' pretty white hurls, drunk.
Off of three beers, yeah they're pretty light girls.
Havin' a blast with this ho by me.
Don't do lean, but she's gettin' throwed by me.
Talkin' that shit, she's so cocky.
Stop talkin' when she felt ocho slide deep.
Yeah, I know I'm lame, but these other niggas lamer.
Watchin' white girls pop addys like gamers.
Bitches is thirsty, and I'm tryna cater,.
and.
If she start wildin', I strap up and tame her.
Vans on my feet, I don't fuck with Chuck Taylors.
Tastin' the sour with vanilla flavors.
Not tryna hit it, I'm just tryna kick it, but.
If you is with it, then baby, I'm with it.
Blunt on my lips with my foot on the gas.
Don't mind police, we just zoomin' right past.
Sweatta Gang Sarge, I'm sleepin' in class, and.
After my homework, get high off my ass.
Where I be at? With Bob, Frank, and Noonan.
AKA Folk Gang, they be the crewmen.
Money and honeys is what I'm pursuin'.
You either Folk Gang, you're tied, or you're losin'.

