Eleven 55 Lyrics
by 4 Broz By Broz.

Saruman of May Kronics.
Strolling down the street, listening to ELO.
Sippin' on apple juice, laid back; like a polyhedron I'm solid.
I'm a gas, my funds are liquid.
I've got a 1+ armor save.
And impeccable Horadric.
knowledge.
When I search Google I'm always feeling lucky.
Is 4 Broz hep? Does Ernie have a rubber ducky?
We're rolling out ahead like a trundle bed.
Running once again like Eugene V. Debs.
OMG we're celebs!
We draw crowds with centripetal force.
It's a tide that won't ebb.
The Menace cleans up your act like a dental hygienist.
Gets all the girls dancing like Elaine Benes.
Hip Hop Renaissance man, you'd think I hailed from Venice.
Anyone for tennis?
I use the commutative property.
But I can't commute your sentence.

Mr. Natural.
The Natural's been diagnosing all you clowns on the circuit.
Your scene's a weeping dick hubris.
And your beats be stank like some scene deep shit.
Yea, I see you, smug-mugging, auto-tuned and washed in synthesizer.
I hate your fucking ass like a Zimmerman sympathizer.
I'd love to stick around and rack my dome for who it is your trifling mouth.
bit.
But I'm too busy rendering your girls vocabulary, oh shit!
I'm a curved cock cuddle monster, keeping it dank and subliminal.
Been wandering these 50 states with the old dirty dog as my spirit animal.
We smoked the leaves of the bodhi tree, now we're walking the earth.
Singing the praises of them women with that bob crumb girth.
We bounce from Chi-town to Seattle, we lead a Cali on a whim.
I bummed a cigarette off of my mom, now I'm Virginia Slim.
So get behind the mule,.
child, and plow with me, yungin'.
The future's looking a little flacid so we best inject that shit with.
something, STAT.

J. Rage-a.
A journalist by night, you.
all know this.
But most of my days I fly the tundish.
A steel bathtub, say what you.
will.
It's hot and dirty and it pays the bills.
This job is metal, no pun intended.
Cast it high strength so you can bend it.
I've blown a load at the BOF.
Ladies have claimed my touch is deft.
My argon panels are full of gas.
Inhale too much, you'll be on your ass.
My soft start will get your motor turning.
For my dick you ladies be yearning.
If molten metal makes you sweat.
The steam chamber will get you wet.
4 Broz By Broz brings the thrills.
But Uncle Lakshmi still pays.
my bills.

Stephen Genes.
Call me the shit - I'm floating.
My flow is owning -the rhyme is cold.
Your style's awful - I'm in a waffle cone.
You must be pissed I kissed your momma - she gave me calzones.
I declined, you see, I'm on a diet of microphones.

Lil 2k10.
4broz is back, yeah we got the whole crew.
A new record from the broz has been long overdue.
Giving the human race our lyrical wisdom.
Spraying in your ears our pent up rap jizz cum.
I want to have some words with the non-believers.
Tell the haters where we at the last couple of years.
When we were busy being awesome you were sucking the most.
When we won the trophy you were burning the toast.
You got a weak whip we roll a super bee.
Right now your girl is begging Sucka Slim for the D.
Shout out to Oatmeal making fools like us sound tight.
I could fart into the mic and he'll mix it up alright.
I'm sick of all the fools out there who think they can rap.
Just because you can rhyme the word rap with crap slap.
Want a review that compares your lines to mine?
My rhymes: sublime, your rhymes: a crime... JAIL TIME!

Tangerines.
I keep my dick in a plastic bag so I can pee where ever I want.
All the kids getting sick off the heroin that I sold and they bought.
I do and sell and harvest drugs, I spend all my time at the clubs.
Where all the public rub-a-dubs ride up on my cock.
And I need extra big condoms, but like powdered wigs, I don't wear them.
And my balls are like two beautiful cherubs.
Hold up a constricting boa that cums like Krakatoa.
Anyways, I have more cars than anyone else.
I have more guns than anyone else.
I have more kids than anyone else, and I don't give a damn about them.
But I guess that just says something about my personality.

