Eminem Lyrics
by Twisted G (aka Gangsta Fag).

Cause I remember when I saw you on the first day, 
On your video with you and fucking nurse Dre 
Looking whiter than some mutha fuckin Yoplait 
I knew you wanted to be Black in the worst way, 
You with the Black dudes walking and you talking it 
Bet. They were filling up that ass with milky chocolate 
Now come is dripping off your ass, like it's white gravy, 
Oh, yeah, sorry bout, your moms, Mr crack, baby 
I bet she's proud that you're trying to be Black, though 
I'm, feeling sorry for that mutha fuckin crack ho 
The truth is that you know that she knows the deal. 
I think you're scared cause. You know that she knows the real 
Mr Eminem sweeter than a candy bag. 
Mr. Eminem, you in the fucking closet, fag 
I, know the truth, and I know your fucking game 
And. I don't give a fuck: what's your muthafuckin name, 
 
My Name Is My Name. Is Mr. Shit Stainy What The Fuck You Talking Bout 
My Name Is. My Name Is Mr.. Stick A Big Dick In Your Fucking Mouth, 
 
Think! You can fool me. No! Not till Hell, freeze, 
I know that D12 equals out to 12 Ds' 
That's 12 dicks in the muthafucking house for ya 
That's 12 dicks in the muthafuckin mouth for ya 
So. Is it true that you blondes have the most fun 
So? Is it true that you blondes suck the most cum 
The next time, you're with the white kids at your venue? 
Now, you can brag. You got a whole lot of black up in you 
Your blonde bitch ass, looking like Marsha Brady 
But, every 3-dollar crack ho is slim and shady 
Trying to play it hard, but you know: you're, soft and gushy 
You want to kill your baby mama cause you're scared Of pussy 
Stop whining Mr. Bitch get your rap on 
You're only mad cause. She took your fucking strap on 
I, know the truth, and I know your fucking game 
And. I don't give a fuck. What'S your muthafuckin name, 
 
Maybe, you and me can meet up in the alley way. 
I'Ll bring the weed and you can bring the Alize 
And. We can try to talk and figure what this hatings bout 
Sit on my lap and we can see what you can straighten out 
Bounce up and down on my dick while we drink and smoke 
And. You can tell your funny jokes, while you're getting poked 
Cause you a funny boy, always trying to joke around 
Cause you a funny boy Homo the fucking clown 
So. Will the real Slim Shady. Please stand up quick 
But! You don't wan na cause your knees, sucking dick 
So who's that kid that takes it up the fucking butt 
It's plain Eminem, with no muthafuckin nuts 
Remember next time that you wan na diss a fag 
That. I got something for your ass Mr. trailer, trash 
I know the truth, and I know your fucking game 
And. I don't give a fuck. What'S your mutha fucking name, 
 
