Epitome Lyrics
by XP.


Woo!  yeah!

Epitome, For all you fuck niggas who buck triggers.
So tell these niggas they can come get it.
Epitome, For all these whack guys who bust rhymes.
Tell these niggas that its my time.

Let em know to these niggas who ain't wanna hear us.
Middle finger up to my haters.
To all these fuck niggas chilling I'm setting the phasers.
Set phasers to kill.
On a roll like I'm taking the wheel.
This how insanity feels me watching a computer screen.
Hoping to get a invitation to participate in the teambackpack cypher I'm.
spitting fire like I'm slifer.
Beggars can't be choosers who you trying to grab the mic from? The names XP I'm on a higher level.
And on the road to glory there's always been trouble.
With dumb bitches only like him cause his music's kinda good so when they say.
he's kinda hood I ain't wearing shit.
Only thing that I rep is repetition lessons living and lessons learned nigga.
I'm super dumb she got a learning curve.
So when I say that I'm gonna kill em it ain't only words, the flow is so absurd.
Honestly I ain't tripping see cause I'm proud of me cause where I'm at is.
where these fake niggas trying to be.
So when these niggas get complacent and they try to replace em I put beats on.
a beat just like product placement.
Chubby nigga and I ain't even really fat all I want is a chubby bitch with a.
fat ass.
They wanna kick me from chats then say my music is trash but then these.
niggas wanna pass me a dap.
Yeah They gonna take it to the heart but you know to make a fire see it takes.
a couple sparks like.
But when they talk shit is when I spark shit I'm an asshole I got boos like monsters inc.
I'm the host and the game is ether.
Look in my eyes you see a million people.
I wrote Clint. so they swear I'm evil.
This ain't a lecture and you ain't a teacher.
I'm known to knock your block off like a game a jenga.

Epitome, For every fuck nigga who buck triggers.
So tell these niggas they can come get it.
Epitome, For every whack guy who bust rhymes.
Tell these niggas that it's my time.

Honestly baby I didn't wanna do this.
I didn't wanna deceive you but my problem is we're just two different people.

I ain't religious but the flow will drop em hard as Jesus I'm XP nice to meet you.
See when I said it you hit ceiling I was in my feelings and I hope you never.
hear this.
You was a shopper and my heart on clearance.
and I love so much so my eyes are tearing love me but you never mean it.
Your truly gorgeous and she so supportive she call the shots and I just take.
the orders.

She super sporty like she Reggie Morris and.
not to mention her smile is flawless.
I love you baby was your love that save me church girl but the head amazing.
she picture perfect like a vivid painting.
I'm glad to say that she's fully taken the flow stupid like we going planking.

It's always a bunch of niggas that's broke, that don't got no money, that.
don't do shit.
That's fucking breaking up my Shit!
Fuck out of here yo!
Just a bunch of broke niggas doing dumb nigga shit son!
Not no none of them don't got no money!

