Ethereal Lyrics
by The Underachievers.


Came up nigga, no elevators 
Elevatin' haters, with a pen and paper 
Need to save up for some respirators 
Cause. These niggas hearts is filled up with hatin' 
I'm the latest, but they run from Satan 
Fuckin' slaves to paper, but they never wake up. 
Demon faces powdered up with makeup; 
Only want the cake, and I'm supposed to take her 
Represent for the new age message. 
Tryna give my generation some leverage 
Been a member of the dark, remember 
The fall of my soul. That'S my November 
Raise up into the light 
It's. Only right that I lead the fight 
I'm, the sun, up after the night 
Givin' insight to resurrect lives, 
Elixir sips, my nigga, take a hit 
Your soul paper, thin my soul, extra thick 
I'm on my ancient shit. You can't pay for this 
No genie in a bottle, but I get my wish uh 
Started from the bottom, with no pot to piss 
Now, my generation love me and my conscious shit, 
Bull doze, your prius, no stoppin', this 
Weak niggas call it cocky, but it's confidence. 
 
'til the day. I rest, I'm a beast like the Loch Ness, 
The best low-key. That'S me: young profit, 
Spit bomb flows, torpedo drop, 
If, your needle drop, better, say I'm hot 
How. Many mothafuckas want wan na be at the top 
No effort. No treasure nigga simple! As that 
Been through a lot, so I fill a clip'til stop 
Tilt through the spot'cuz. I been inhaling the pot 
Silly mother fuckers, think they runnin' shit, killin' New York, 
Talk you're, all soft pawns
because, your stomachs split 
In, the heap of battle won't matter when soul, platinum, 
Only thing that matters your knowledge of war tactics. 
This is the Gaza real
dread, like Rasta 
Execute, a nigga talking shit in mi casa, 
Could of lost my life to the villainous monster 
But my spirit, just conquers everything I encounter. 
Mothafucka hood is blown now each day, 
Now they burned out cause I earn from each race. 
Could of turned out on a jail route, E-zay 
But - I stepped out the shade. Like a blunt watch me blaze, 
UA the great get your sin washed away. 
Tip top shape, give me zip locks of paint 
If, you don't bake, nigga, pour up a drink 
Live and have fun nigga, come to your dreams, 
 
Roll up a proper spliff, an sittin' hot as shit 
Dedicating. Every blunt to my prominence, 
Remain anonymous. Unless it's commas to get 
About a bottomless pit, and now we floatin' in the mist 
Make the mist turn into monsoons 
Pay the price, and now we all colossal 
Paint Picasso with a pencil hostile, 
OG smoke engulfed in my nostrils, 
Make a toast. So what we boast? 
We living lives, it don't take to know 
We designed our hope bet inside it sold 
That's a rob in the coast like we riddin' a boat, 
Flatbush burnin' backwoods attack group 
Bring, a platoon to blast through you and your mans too 
Bring it back up. We masters better act, cool 
Turn, the assholes and clap you and you damn fools 
 
Escape to a place of peace when the the drills blow 
Happiness and love be the key to the real goal: 
Master in a game of life, with no cheat codes, 
Told her. No teeth and see she went beast mode 
Hit her over stones at night and find my deep soul. 
Hit the bong and long be gone. Alifinito, 
Incognito, hitter, better reload 
Everything. You learn! Let it burn in the weed smoke. 
Inner light shinning like a diamond hard to stick around 
Enter in the game. Perfect timin' here to take you out 
Here, to make my momma proud Livid. When I knock em down 
Spirit here to claim the crown AK be the golden child 
Course, they gon hate when they see you doin' great 
Better, start with yourself. If you want to see change, 
 Wan na see fame, but don't even know the game 
Try to restrain, but I can't be changed. 
I ain't got shit for a dumb grown nigga, 
I'm speaking to the kids. That alone don't give up. 
Ahead of your Biz young. Lord, don't deliver by the stars. 
Every inch go hard. You a winner, 
Don't get lost in the matrix minimum wages 
Forced to the dark and be a criminal daily. 
Mental scars will make a nigga go crazy. 
Trust your heart come join the Indigo Navy
 
