Everything Bricksquad Lyrics
by Wooh Da Kid.


This, what I live for everything, bricksquad, 
New exotic whips, everything's, a foreign car 
Eat, sleep, shit, everything bricksquad, 
Now where's, your best friend, I'm tryna, take her out to Mars 
That's what I die for everything: bricksquad 
Everyday's, a new whip; everything's, a foreign car 
Eat, sleep shit; Everything bricksquad 
Now where's your best friend, I'm tryna, take her out to Mars 
 
 Wooh Da Kid 
In ya in ya. Bitch, I'm tryna take her out wit stars, 
A, lotta stamina, so I'm tryna have a menage 
Ain't no battery in my back, but I'm fully charged 
And. We ain't handcuffing that everything is ours 
Bricksquad. This nigga bricksquad that 
My gangsta bitch will make you stick'em up like lil chat, 
Come, back wit, the work and the paper 
And. She stickin' to her nigga like a stapler 
 
 Waka, Flocka Flame 
B-R-I-C-K squad y'all, just plain: go hard in da paint 
LeBron James you
don't. Like me, 
Better Lupe, shoot'em bullets at your toupe 
Fuck yo Bobby boy, Boucher 
Ask'em. If they know I'mma shake shake 
Waka Flocka Flame, don't fuckin' play 
And. I won't be nigga. Okay: 
32 in my clique, like I'm OJ 
Black leather, gloves, call me OJ 
No evidence for the jewlery 
Couple 100 dollars for the jewlery 
Bricksquad winning hoo-ray 
My swag is on Ray-Ray 
Charles. I can't see y'all niggas, 
You and bricksquad headed for you, nigga 
, 
Bodies drop when that shawty cock 
Frenchie in all kinda spots. 
I keep a gat to pop fold. You like a maserati drop 
See. You now Frenchie how you do'em, like that 
Pillow talkin', get you smothered in your pillow fight back. 
You should stop and just think to yourself. 
What, should you be 
Real-estate could be a fortune in wealth 
Got to believe in yourself and say one day you gon' make it there. 
Jealousy don't live in this house, no room for hatred, yeeeaaah, 
 
You know the name nigga. You know the game. 
Bricksquad and errbody pop, like Waka Flocka Flame 
We, be bangin' at'em lookin' for that action. 
Catch a nigga sippin' break'em down like a fraction 
We be packin' them. Big bangaz got guns like the nar 
We be makin' niggas trip, like them. Tity bars 
The squad on the roll we be killin' shittin' on the road 
And errboy ho. Look like she jumped right. Outta, video, 
, 
Maserati, red rims 
Bricksquad chain got red gems. 
Cali boys got plugs of work. 
Only east coast got red temps, 
All them bitches got red hair 
Bompton nigga got red clips, 
Movies mock'em, St. Claire 
Politican Ger Bush, 
Lil mama, keep it real I'll, be her lotto ticket 
You ain't, trappin' NBA! You ain't got no midgets 
Suckas askin' for a feature. We don't know y'all 
I, keep it home team, errthang, bricksquad, 
, 
Bricksquad Monopoly. You know the groupies love us 
In, the airport louie luggage full of rubbers, 
Yeah dem, faggot, ass pigs, still wan na cuff us 
Gutta niggas hug, the block like it's our baby, mothas 
They. In that undercover park, eatin' doughnuts 
I'm in that 2012 doin' doughnuts 
Bricksquad bandana tied around the K, 
Brand new bugatti just bought that bitch today
 
