Evil Genius Lyrics
by X-Raided.


I'm Robert Oppenheimer, this is the Manhattan Project.
I'm making a bomb to blow up the earth, that is my object.
Not one of you can stop it, can't defuse it.
My rockets field upon the launch pad upon who to drop it.
That the only question: Who wanna test my side?
Hitler, Mussolini, I blow up their allies.
I literally drop bombs like Hiroshima.
No need for FEMA, no clean up, I blow the whole damn thing up.
, yes I am an evil genius.
If you don't like it kiss my anus.
Tell your people Bring it!
My demeanor is so mean and so fiendish.
There's no changing me, it's such a shame I have to be a giant penis.
Bake your body up like peanuts if you claim to be even half as insane as me.
Barbecue your meat up like it's angus beef, you anger meeee.
He's so dangerous he gives out his mind and by 'he' I mean me cause we're.
Schizophrenic and out my mind you're out of time!

I'm an evil genius.
I'll take over the earth x8.
Mu-ha!

'.
I'm so nefarious.
So evil atrocious.
They start to freak out and get afraid when people approach us.
The Abominable X.
Raided is so horrendous.
Killed all the other rappers cause there can be no contenders.
You had an accident.
A sudden tragedy.
I'm so dastardly, women love my savagery.
I'm an evil genius.
But there's nothing to it, my IQ is 162 but even a caveman can do it.
I'm Beelzebub, I'm Mephistopheles.
I am a juggernaut, there is no stopping this.
It's all for not.
All your efforts are I'll burn you up, make you look like you're covered with.
lepro scars.
Not leopard spots.
Don't you confuse the two.
But I could slice your DNA, clone you and fuse the two.
Make a hybrid out you.
Call you Catman!

I am Batman!
Look what I've come to be.
I used to be human, but look what he's done to me.
Children run from me, I'm just trying to say 'Hi', Hello.
But my teeth are sharp, I have wings, and my eyes yellow.
That's what he said.
When I opened my eyes.
He raised his fists above his head and yelled out Into life!
And since then I've done my best to try to hide.
I wear a trench-coat, hat, and glasses, that is my disguise.
I hang upside-down.
Sometime from a branch.
I went to sleep one night and woke up and my feet were hands.
He strikes again.
He never stops.
He has the body of a man, the head of an ox.
Now that was figurative.
I must be specific.
Cause he's an evil genius, he could do it if he wishes.
He's coming closer.
He must've overheard.
I advise you to deny you ever spoke a word.

That's what the fuck is up.

