Eww! Lyrics
by Swych.


Yeah 
Swych Haha, ..., 
Uh, 
, 
Now, everybody say eww when they see me on the scene, 
Snapback DC's graphic as the tee 
Cause. My style is violent. They gon' need some violins 
Uh young'n kill the comp like a virus. 
Moment of silence open your eyelids 
And focus. Your iris, you ain't, seen nothing like this 
Ha. You hear the echo 
It's cause, I'm at the top hard to spot 
like a freckle 
They say I'm too much put that extra with -terrestrial 
And haters just dumb, but they ain't nothing special 
Nothing. I could do about it guess I should just let go 
But. If you really rocking with Swych, Then let's go 
Uh. I got a one of a kind mind 
That's. Why I'm going dumber than einstein genius 
And? They ain't parallel to my lines, 
So how the hell they equaling my sign genius, 
 
All, my homies see me out, so they holla what's up 
All. The ladies see me out, so they what's good 
You, already know what your boy is about. 
And, if you don't know by now, well I'm sorry you should 
 Haha eww .. Haha eww 
, Haha, eww, .., Haha, eww, 
 
They can't get enough of the team 
So. My broads double up like a cup full of lean 
I be jumping on a beat. Like there's some foams up on its feet, 
See, I could do this in my sleep and you can't do this in your dreams. 
Ha, who are you to me 
Nothing, but a hater and foolish, as it seems, 
I respect you for that cause see. That means you different 
Because, everybody love me. Even your sister EWW 
I'm, like a day where you can lay up in a hammock 
And, have the baddest chick. You know, make you a sandwich, 
Bag of chips and a Mountain Dew with no ice 
Haha. In other words, I'm nice 
I'm tryna get Fresh. Prince butter. 
And still keep it G like the Fresh, Prince butler 
And. We gon' need violas for those who try to oppose us 
Put'em in a better place like the Fresh Prince mother, 
 
Fire-type, lyrics, water-type flow 
Grass-type. Presidents and rock-type shows 
Find me in the phonebook they callin' me the truth. 
I be wildin', Throw a pokeball up in the booth I 
Think. I need to register as a deadly weapon. 
Cause me slippin', like Mew you'll, never catch it, 
I'm borderline, legendary, about to go Mexican 
The game like a lesbian and they ain't tryna. Let me in 
They ain't tryna. Let me shine and get mine 
But. I been on my grind, like all my life 
So. Why would I stop now? This here is my 9 
Cocked blaow, Another hater shot down 
Another beat chalked out by the lyrical criminal 
Can't. Nobody see him. The kid is invisible. 
Can'T, nobody beat him. The kid is invincible. 
To mirror me, you gon' litter'ly need a miracle. 
 
Alright cut 
