Excerpt Lyrics
by Xian.


X-I-A-N GR8T MUSIC 
Used to have a crush on this chick named Reina. 
Hair was so nice didn't need no peina, 
Played, guitar and sang she was an entertainer 
Probably made her dad proud… more. Like Jaina 
Let me explain and paint a vivid image 
Basketball I played for her in every scrimmage 
Thought of her for strength, didn't need. No spinach 
She must have been a snitch cause. I chased her like Quidditch 
Let me tell you how the story went. 
I did a little prank that wasn't taken how I meant 
Took her pics from Myspace and replaced the guys in them with my face 
Had, no idea. This would make me such a disgrace. 
It was a shoddy cut and paste job on every file. 
Couldn'T help but laugh out loud all the while 
When I did. This mischief didn't know how pissed it would make her 
I thought me. A misfit could somehow date her 
Thought she'd think it was funny and cute, like a bunny 
I put them up as pic comments on her profile. 
Probably made her sick vomit and go file, 
An order of restraint, or at least a complaint 
Wasn't trying to be sleazy or creepy. No 
The reasons aren't that various 
Just thought it'd be hilarious, 
Obviously kind of stalkery. You think I
was blind right, 
Well. You know what they say about hindsight: 
It was freaky and weird, I'm honestly saying 
But sorry Reina, I was just playing .
 
This has been on my mind for quite some time. 
I just find it best not to repress regrets. 

This is just a look into my diary book 
 
Mag valuable, but not a high price tag. 
But still cruising through your city with her bright Coach bag 
She's, my homie, so you know I totes brag 
But. It'S kind of bad makes me sad, makes me opposite of glad. 
To feel us drift apart here and there just a tad. 
Brad is still my lad. 
But me and Mag went together like lines, and plaid 
What's going on is something going wrong. 
Am I just played out like that Em' and Rihanna song 
Am, I just out of style like leopard print thongs 
Will. She be there when I defeat Justin Wong 
Will. She be a maid of honor when I marry
Brenda Song 
Man. I hope so. This slope's so slippery 
Feels like a losing battle, so Clippery 
But, unlike them, our plight is different. 
Our friendship lost flight 
Feels like we're missin', our Griffin 
Looks, like our future, but I hope it isn't. 
I know you heard this, but I hope you listened .
 
This has been on my mind for quite some time: 
I just find it best to get stress off my chest. 

This is just a look into my diary. Book
 
