Explore Lyrics
by Unknown Prophets.


Don't you ever feel like screamin'.
At the top of your lungs for no reason.
In the middle of a crowded place.
And people stare at you like you're from outer space.
And don't you ever feel like dreamin'.
Trying to grab something when you can't quite reach it.
But you know that if you work a little harder.
You might be able to get it if you stretch a little farther.
And don't you ever feel like taking a risk.
Even if it really doesn't make any sense.
How will you ever know what you're capable of.
If you don't step outside of your box and make an attempt.
And don't you ever feel so overwhelmed.
Send out an SOS but won't no one help.
Feeling lonely and all by yourself.
Wanna hide and never climb outside of your shelf.
But then there's days you feel quite the opposite.
Far from a pessimist.
More like an optimist.
You love the grind and the feeling of accomplishment.
Your light shines and you deem with such confidence.
Don't you ever get the urge to want to open doors.
And see what lies behind the one's that were closed before.
Don't you ever want to change what you're going for.
And don't you ever get the feeling that there's so much more.

Yeah.
So dare to explore.
And challenge yourself.
To reach heights you've never seen before.
Go ahead touch the sky.
Life is much too short.
Don't ever settle for less.
If you want it the world can be yours.

Don't you ever feel like moving away.
To a place where they don't know your name or face.
Leave everything behind but your one suitcase.
Take what you love and the rest replace.
And don't you ever feel like starting from scratch.
Erase every mistake you made in the past.
Slow life down when it's moving to fast.
Change your direction avoid the crash.
And don't you ever feel like taking a leap.
Don't you feel trapped inside is someone unique.
Caught in the same routine every week.
Feeling like your life is so incomplete.
So don't you ever feel like breaking the mold.
Trying something new and letting go of the old.
Take a different path and not the same old road.
You got to take a risk if you plan to grow.

I don't want the whole world just a piece of it.
I don't want the whole thing you can keep it.
I don't want to try to carry the weight.
Give me three wishes.
Be patient and wait for me to decide.
I got dreams but most of them were pushed to the side.
Don't push me off the edge unless you're sure I can fly.
But if you're so sure how come I can't.
See the same potential in myself.
When I look at the man in the mirror.
And I feel so inferior.
Insecure because my security was shattered when I answered the call.
And stood face to face with the truth.
There's no way to return to the days of my youth.
Only a coward runs away and escapes from reality.
A coward backs down when the situation is challenging.
So the power of love will define my courage.
When I seek your face and find my purpose.

Everyone's got a gift but.
What are you going to do with it.
At some point everybody's going to fail but.
Will you give in or refuse to quit.
And everyone's got dreams but.
What are you going to do with yours.
Don't you ever feel like.
I said don't you ever feel like.
Yeah.
I want so much more.
I want so much more.
Don't you want so much more.

