Eyeball Soup Lyrics
by The Uncluded.

Kimya Dawson.
And the blind lead the blind in the dark trail winding.
Turned eyed mimes find finds reminding us.
That our compasses are inside, and a GPS is not required for this ride.
We will be fine without our eyes closed tight.
We will be fine with them open wide.
Sit in the back or you can drive.
Either way you'll get there in due time.

Aesop Rock.
Sitting bitch, splitting.
head.
Spinning through the zigging hedge.
Back into the primal goop.
That spit him on the blinking grid.
Sipping on his eyeball soup.
A pretty mess of I.O.U.'s.
Quiet scars, science, art.
Tiny parts and giant shoes.

Kimya Dawson.
Cause we all get to the end of life.
And the best laid plans can change overnight.
And the best made maps will need updates.
As earthquakes shift tectonic plates.
Clearcut topiary Braille animalia.
Molemen navigate for sailors.
Stars negate creative failures.
Pants romance taken by tailors.

Aesop Rock.
Holy Moses, Hokey Fright.
Like ghosts into the strobe light.
Rebels play the record once.
Mothers pray the rosary twice.
He knows uprooting, broken tuning.
Poker, pool and okie noodling, Drinking blood and eating brains.
Pissing colors free of names.

Kimya Dawson.
Great Danes serenade their jailers.
Brittany spaniels speared by whalers.
Whopper junior malted milk.
Some earworms weave the softest silk.
That we don't mind stuck in our heads.
Like blankets handmade by our friends.
Thermostat for the temporal lobe.
Warm it up feel less alone.

Aesop Rock.
Freezing cold and more afraid than normal folk on warmer days.
For reasons we may never know.
Or know but never chlorinate.
A quarter for the closest gorf.
20 on his bowling score.
Distracted to the point of accident is what we're going for.

Kimya Dawson.
With a lalala and a zigga zigga zow.
Harvest corn crops, big toe plow.
Can there be a babe without a Paul Bunyan?
Wizards cave wasabi funyuns.
I'll hug bobb'ys hugging while landfills fill with huggie jeans.
I'm a hoarder hoarding jeggings, stuffed doggies, books and craft-makings.

Aesop Rock.
When home is mostly gross behavior, stolen mail and nosey neighbors.
Earthlings in a metal crate, Accelerate with poker faces.
Focused on if they woke up in the time for lobby omelets.
Then its a pile into the rocket, destination delta quadrant.

Kimya Dawson.
Safety Scissors cut through leather, melted butter, gently severed.
Tether clipped.
Start to breathe.
Undone dishes self release.

Aesop Rock.
This is the collective voice of animals and misfit toys intruding.
I'm kidding it's me, what are you doing?

