Faces Lyrics
by Wordplay.


I was that nigga back then, and I'm still on top.
Talking real shit on the track, and y'all still won't cop.
And I got dreams of showing y'all that I'm the best rapper out.
And I promise real soon, that ya boy is gon pop.

My chick super bad, she like to throw it back.
Got you super mad, cause my creez is the fad.
All y'all rappers trash, that shit super sad.
So once I drop my debut album y'all'll be super mad.
My boys got that thrax, my girl got an.
ass.
Millions is the goal, grinding for the cash.
Sitting front row, in my physics class.
Learning and writing songs, with my rapping ass.
Question my passion homie shouldn't've never asked.
Always killing tracks and all you do is just harass.
My girl rolling up while I'm feeling on her ass.
Sipping on some sizzurp cause I'm living life too fast.

My chick super bad, riding stupid fast.
Then she went and asked, do I want some ass.
Time to go attack, she gon need a cast.
It's just me and you, like we in Outkast.
Graphic tees my swag, and them pharaoh faces.
Tryna be like me? Just stick to the basics.
LDV my lifestyle that's why I'm living stress-free.
And I been this way, even before I started smoking weed.
Make sure that remember that a nightmare is just a dream.
I can put you in that realm, just hit this Blue Dream.
Going on a journey, like Uncharted 3.
Life is just a big race and imma win that Grand Prix.

My chick super bad, got me hella glad.
Riding stupid fast, cause we full on gas.
Tryna join the squad? You gon need a pass.
Lots of Everclear, all up in this flask.
Only thing I need, Benjamin and THC.
JDM I'm driving man my Civic oh so clean.
Smoking with my boys, K. Hoff and Willy B.
I'm the greatest rapper in or out this industry.
You can't disagree, cause you're under me.
Broke up with the stressing, I'm glad she's over me.
I pulled the cord on this beat and I ain't leaving traces.
Guaranteeing real soon, I'll be seeing hella faces, hella faces.

Seeing hella faces, hella faces.
Seeing hella faces, hella faces.
Seeing hella faces, hella faces.
Seeing hella faces, hella faces.

