Fahrenheit 911 Lyrics
by Virtuoso.

Virtuoso 
You told the soldiers fight for god got them. Slaugthering, kids, 
Now they sick, taking naked flicks at Abu Ghraib. 
This is a step back, not evolution for the torturer, 
Let's fight for resolution revolution through a orchestra 
There's more to the regime change than democracy 
Hipocrisy. So the elite can keep their monopoly 
Why so few control. So much of the wealth 
How you gon' stop corporate criminals. You are one yourself 
In business with the Bin Ladens, rich off of Enron. 
Iraq building contracts to Cheney is dead, wrong. 
And Rumsfeld, don't even know how a guns held 
Let him fight his own battles, faggot wouldn't shoot one. Shell 
But they'll, recruit high-schools for young kids, 
Give'em guns with lasers, make them run up in some crib 
To. Take a hostage no rights in Guantanamo 
We onto those snakes make them fall like dominoes 
Cause. Now they talking'bout delaying the election 
Scare us with terror alerts and say it's for protection 
Won't. Let the U.N. count the votes afraid cause. We are destined 
To, take away their power break away from their oppression. 
Tell those masons we ain't with their segregation. 
We want mind: elevation health care legislation, 
Worldwide medication answers why they not interrogating 
Bin Ladens family, just taking them back 
To the Saudi's, then they hit us with the patriot act. 
We want proof, where's. The truth start facing the facts: 
Where's the bombs that Saddam used to make in Iraq 
Your either stupid or a liar start facing the fact that ... 
 
You have no god. You have no
armor 
To, defend your father, who made this Osama 
Been paid from Bin Ladens. Saddam and the Taliban 
So, whose oil are you putting in your caravan 
 
Slaine 
You, know that I'm the type to fight I'm willing to brawl 
If. It still isn't right. We can kill'em all 
We can go to war with all these motherfuckers in the sand. 
We can take it to the Saudi's. Now we make'em understand 
The working class jerking that M-60 
But. If I'm going out fuck it I'm taking them with me, 
But tell me which lies are the generated? Push lies, 
From the reagan administration on down to these Bush, guys 
Manipulate, the media make it like. You switched sides, 
Economics trickle down, greedier, rich guys, 
Are, tickled, pink and it's sick to think 
While. We eatin' chicken wings 
Thinking how to stick the Brink's sicker things 
Are happening it's not inside of my head. 
We can't get Osama now, so here's Saddam instead 
Sand battle fields are bloody and they're rotten and red 
While Al Qaeda got a camera and there choppin our heads 
And. This is your America. Mine has never been Oil 
Mr.Bush. No, we never made the president royal 
So. Put your crown on that ground 
The same ground that gave you your dollars and pounds 
Rupels and your yen 
And. Look what you've created sir cause? Truly, you are them 
There's, a 911 america. The president is them 
With his hand on the bible, watch the devil in his sin. 
When his blood spills know that he was never innocent. No 
, 
Virtuoso 
 Lem me explian. Why? My heart is in pain, 
You trade lives for loot and claim fair market exchange. 
While, my man from the block hit the marines at seventeen 
Exposed, his soul to horrible killings, he's never seen 
Lost more than fifty pounds trekking cross. The desert ground 
Afghanistan he's soon to hit Iraq with heavy weapon rounds. 
Yo E rep, your town, cause the bean for your back 
I'm just heated at the current regimes scheme of attack. 
The president dodged drafts, drive drunk and sniffed cane 
And claim Clinton should have been impeached for dicking, chicks brains, 
They think insane, and it's plain that their priorities, 
Stealing Florida by blocking votes from minorities 
They want police state authority Nazi mind control conformity, 
A world war like When we stormed Normandy 
Cheney's the brain he's doctor evil with a broke heart, 
Bush senior runs the country junior, couldn't run a go-kart, 
They start wars and use our tax to, but their bombs, 
They're crazy, rich from alcohol, tobacco and firearms. 
And Bin Laden ain't gon' never get handled. Man 
Only wanted to build a pipeline through Afghanistan, 
Osama's father, launder, more cash 
Everytime. We pour gas while ghetto youth catch bullets in they poor, ass 
How. Can we compete when their base is the elite 
Well? I guess our only option is to take it to the streets. 
The last thing we wanted was to reach a civil war 
But. If our ass ain't living free, then what are we living for 
The? Last thing we wanted was to start a civil war 
But. If our ass ain't living free, what the fuck are we living for 
 
