FDB(REMIX) Lyrics
by TyC.


S-S-B 
East side of London, that's where I'm from Everything you rappers did: it's
been done: 
My rhymin game and my mackin game can't touch that shit. 
This girl, tryna'Holla, like fuck me 
Nah, Fuck, that bitch 
 
Fuck Dat, Bitch, 
Fuck Dat, Bitch, 
That, Bitch Tryna'Holla, like fuck me. 
Nah Fuck Dat Bitch'Ay, O 
Fuck Dat, Bitch Dat, bitch, tryna holla, like fuck 
Nah, fuck that bitch 
 
Ridin round with my brothers we screamin FDB 
Word around town, your girlfriend, tryna Tat, SSB 
Pon, her waist told her. I ain't got time to waste. 
Tryna get raw head, that's clean face. We don't love these hoes 
That's word to AceKidd 
I been in the stu workin on tunes since back to back 
Return of the old school 
I swear. I'M tired of these thots used
to be sweet like Haribo's, 
It, ain't, so sweet. When you love these Hoes 
She was Fuckin with O. She was fuckin with A she was fuckin with R 
Shit. What can I say She really like the alphabet. 
I ain't give a fuck about a Ex. Oh, that's your girl and you love her 
But like Micky Dee's. She lovin me: 
She ain't care about profits, see she
love the D 
And. She been passed around the team as if she was a football 
Shout out A-Town for Twerkin. On my Jeans, 
 
East side, we from Nigga 
T.Y get the mack and we packin 
Nigga 
She tryna holla, like fuck a nigga.. 
But. I say: Fuck Dat, bitch, 
MY, NIGGA, FUCK, DAT, BITCH, 
Fuck, Dat, Ho 
And Fuck, Dat, Bitch, 
She cryin. She dyin she lyin, but I don't give a fuck 
We. Don'T love hoes, I say fuck that bitch 
I say: fuck Dat Bitch, that's right: fuck, dat, bitch, 
, 
I'm, packin, the mack in the back of the ac 
Thotties be playin. They thinkin, we lack 
Okay lem me start again: ummm 
Check, it woah woah woah 
She wanted versace, but I hang with my amigoz. That'S right: 
My amigos hang with my migos 
She wanted to T.Y and I'm wonderin why she act like she need me 
Been in the friendzone dawg. It felt like a maze. 
She said she Love me Yo, I swear that's a phase. 
I mean that's a phrase. If she wanting a raise 
Her girlfriends, do praise 
I feel. Like Slim, I got a couple Kim's on the side. 
But, I don't give a fuck. We infinite 
She, moved on to Y. She teasin that Ray 
To, the lord. I pray she O.D over Odi 
X's tryna catch me slippin, but where my dog's at 
Word to my Homie Jamal Sha, Benny Kay, damn 
They, been through us all, 
Her girlfriends, I gave her a necklace. 
She gave me a break and a perma heart ache. 
Damn Fuck DAT BITCH, I SAID FUCK DAT, BITCH, 
, 
