Feelings Lyrics
by Yung Massina.


Why you telling me about what you going through. 
Ain'T got shit to do with me. All I care about is loot, 
Give, a fuck about your feelings, nigga 
I'm, just trying to get a million nigga 
You say you feeling me girl. You know I'm feeling you 
You say you finna leave, guess that's what you finna do: 
Get the fuck up out your feelings, baby 
I'm just trying to get a million baby 
 
Nigga! I just want the dough. I just want the loot, 
These niggas, so emotional. I tell your ass the truth 
They trying to make a living bitch, I'm trying to make a killing 
Take your ass to the dentist. If you looking for some feelings, 
My mind on a million I'ma, get it Lord willing, 
These niggas taking shots I'ma keep on bartending 
I'ma keep on hitting homers. You can call me Marge. Simpson 
And! I bet you every nigga in my circle: authentic 
Keep, my car tinted ‘cause. I know the feds snooping 
They got my OG. I hope they don't come and scoop me 
Them gangstas. They salute me them bitches. They wan na fuck me 
I, just hit'em with the nightstick. While these niggas cuffing 
And soon as they start to get addicted to the loving 
I fight, the temptations kick ‘em out, like David Ruffin, 
They huffing and they puffing. But it's not up for discussion. 
This shit ain't all for nothing baby. I want all or nothing baby. 
 
Corporations trying to take me for a joke dog 
Pacifiers in my hair, like Loc Dog 
Acting, like it's okay, being broke dog 
Man, these niggas think they foul. That'S a no call 
Hoes call. I be off the phone in a rush 
Like, I'm sorry! I can't kick it bitch. These shoes cost too much 
And these dudes talk too much. I'Ve been known to end it 
So. You niggas shouldn't start with me like a sentence 
Out here trying to get it while you motherfuckers working 
Only 9 to 5. I seen Ibaka passed the ball to Perkins 
Niggas, trying to stop my shine, but I'm beaming through the curtains 
And. They say that life's a bitch. Why do death keep on flirting 
I've been murking shit for 6 years, going on 7 now 
Raising hell so long that it's above Heaven now 
I reckon now they gon' recognize I'm super cold, 
Them niggas say I went commercial. This, the Superbowl 
 
