Feel Like Mario Lyrics
by Z-Mane.

Sample from Super Mario Freestyle, with T-Rone 
Fighting up Bowser typing, like a browser, 
My homie, Donkey Kong. He gon na help me fight Bowser 
And, my brother Luigi. He got on that green 
But. He don't rep that Grove Street Waka Flocka knows what I mean: 
Aye 
 
T-Reezy. You know what I'm sayin 
Me and you we killed. That 
You know it's time to go in on the real song. 
*Beat starts* 
Let's get it 
Yeah 
Shout out to my nigga T-Rone 
We made this song a classic 
It's Royalty Gang nigga 
All day everyday 
All, right, 
, 
Ok, Mario up in this thing, with my bro Luigi 
Here in Mushroom Kingdom hangin' with my girl Peach 
See. We runnin' this game. Can'T nobody touch the Mario Bros 
I am the king. Even Wario knows 
I been runnin' this thing since back in'81, 
Saving Peach from Donkey Kong, just jumpin' and havin' fun 
Now. I do my own thing cause. I'M Super Mario 
Sonic trying to reach my level, but he can't sorry bro 
Man. I called all of the homies for that Super Smash. Bros 
First we melee. Then we brawl, I think I'll, go give Peach a call 
I'm the king of Nintendo. All I do is win. 
Bowser thinks he's such a G, but no, he just pretends. 
Every single day I got ta deal with King Koopa 
But. He don't wan na catch the hands, man that nigga's a loser, 
I ain't worried about them, goombas, Wario or Waluigi. 
They. Always try to knock me down, but they can't beat me 
 
Man. I swear I'm feeling just like Mario 
Repping Nintendo shout out to Atari, though 
If you down with Mario, then put your hands up. 
Nintendo gang until you die, then put your hands up. 
Already 
 
Luigi bro. What'S up, though, Wearing all green like St. Patrick 
By, my bro's side all day, y'all can't touch him. I won't have it 
Ridin' around in a go-kart that got my name on it: 
On a new adventure everyday soon, as I wake up in the mornin' 
I eat them mushrooms and I'm higher than a mountain 
I'm selling more than Halo. You can ask my accountant, 
Man. I'M so astounding, I'm bout to get it started. 
And everywhere I go. You know it's a Mario party 
Sorry, but I'm the best selling game series 
Bowser thinks he the ish, but I know that that nigga fear me 
Time to get all of these coins. Man, I'm ballin' every summer, 
How I get so popular Man, I'm just a plumber 
Shout out to that Donkey Kong. He got my game started. 
And Sony is the homies with Kingdom Hearts and Uncharted 
And. Microsoft is cool too Halo and that Gears 
But when it comes to Nintendo man, they all shedding tears. 
Ok Mario up in this thing, 
Runnin' it Sonic looking kind of slow up in this thing. 
From Super Nintendo all the way down to Nintendo Wii 
30 years, and everybody try to be a friend of me 
Got, my blue overalls, fitted cap and fireballs ... 
 
It's too crazy. I think I'm a stop right there, 
What up to Mario 
You know we goes in ... all day. Everyday 
Z-Mane, 
 
Sample Closes The Song
 
