Find No Enemy Lyrics
by Akala.

Apparently I'm second generation black Caribbean.
And half white Scottish whatever that means.
See lately I feel confused with the boxes.
Cause to me all they do is breed conflict.
It's not that I've lost touch with the reality.
Racism, sexism and nationality.
Just to me it all seems like insanity.
Why must I rob you of your humanity.
To feel good about mine?
It's all about crime.
Dehumanizing is how I justify it.
So I must keep on lying about the history of Africa.
So I can live the with massacres.

So I can sleep at night as bombs take flight.
Eyes wide but I'm blind to the sight.
Too busy chasing the perfect life.
And the working class keep them uneducated.
Truly educated men could never be racist.
To educate is to draw out what is within.
Are we not all not the same under the skin?
I got a heart like yours that pumps blood and oxygen.
And insecurities are a whole lot of them I'm scared like you deep down.
I really do care that world is not fair like you.
But I don't even believe my own prayers like you.
Chasing career going nowhere like you.
Lost in a fog of my own insecurities.
I hold myself up as a image of purity.
And I judge everybody else.
By the color of their skin or the size of their wealth.
But it's not good for my health.
As the only one I ever really judge is myself.
The oppressor must suffer like the oppressed.
Though I pretend I'm in control of this mess.
By inflating my ego, puffing my chest.
I see my weakness, and need to show strength.
Or what we think strong is because if we're honest?
True strength is the strength to be honest.
And if I'm honest I am just tired.
If I'm honest I am just tired.
Tired of everyday filling up my car and knowing that.
I'm paying for the bombs in Iraq.
Tired of pretending like it don't hurt my heart.
Of wanting change but not knowing where to start.
Tired of listening to all the conditioning.
And all the forms they have me filling in.
Next time you see what is a thug and despise him.
Please know I was just like him.
Cause I was like eight the first time I saw crack.
Same time I first smoked weed choking on blowbacks.
First time I saw knifes penetrate flesh.
It was meat cleavers to the back of the head.
As I grew and teenage years passed.
Many more knifes pierced and the shots blast.
And I not saying I had the worst upbringing.
But there's a million young men just like me in prison.
We complain about racism and elevate clowns.
With their trousers down swinging their dicks round.
Maybe that is not quite literal.
But everything they do is just as stereotypical.
To my real fans I feel your pain.
And I get the messages, but don't complain.
That we ain't got more fame for paying our part.
They can keep the charts all I want is your hearts.
They can keep the charts all I want is your hearts.
They can keep the charts all I want is your hearts.
Calling it black radio, don't make laugh.
So is black music all about tits and arse?
You don't represent nothing, you're just pretending.
When was the last time you ever played Hendrix?
Or Miles Davis or John Coltrane?
Or Ella Fitzgerald or Billie Holiday?
We can call it urban to me that's cool.
If urban means street, that includes jazz too.
And rock for that matter.
Go ask Mick Jagger or Jimmy Page what they were listening to - the blues.

Not discrediting, love Zeppelin too, just giving credit where credit is due.

That blood soaked word rappers still use.
All it really shows is that we still self abuse.
That was the word that was used to kill Kelso Cochrane and Emmett Till.
That was the word that the conscience eased.
And made people pleased to hung you from trees.
That was the word that let the whips crack.
No matter what you say you can't take it back.
And I can say their black so I feel their pain easier.
But 1915 look at Armenia.
If the whole world is human stupidity.
Though we choke ourselves to death quite literally.
And I can talk with my comfortable mouth.
With my comfortable clothes and my comfortable house.
The tables will turn, we can but stall them.
Every empire on this earth has fallen.
So unless we can find another way.
Maybe not today, but it will come one day.
It may sound like I'm bitter but in fact truth be told I am quite the.
opposite.
I wake everyday and am overwhelmed.
Just to be alive and be like no one else.
And the sheer weight of the thought of space.
Is enough to keep my little ego in place.
All that we chase and try to replace all along it was right in our face.
The only way we can ever change anything.
Is to look in the mirror and find no enemy.
The only way we can ever change anything.
Look in the mirror and find no enemy.

