Fire & Earth Lyrics
by X-Clan.

Cave men, You better hush, Cave women Hush And the ... Hush 
Troglodytes Gun, shot. 
 
Somebody's calling my name ... 
, 
Brother, J, 
Ah yeah, Ah come on, come on, come on, 
 
Professor, X To the East, my brother to the East 
Brother J Uh to the East my brother to the East, Come on 
X To the East, my brother, to the East 
J To the East, my brother to the East, yeah 
X To the East, my brother, to the East 
J To the East, my brother to the East, my brother to the East, my 
Brother to the East, my brother to the East, my brother to the East 
 
Professor X, 
Yes, I'm that kind of nigga 
The one. You fear, be scared. You can't figger 
The one that has the finger on the trigger boom 
In the cut of zoom 
In, the darkness, the halo, the moon, 
Stepping, ta', ya' real soon, 
Ah Check the blackness 
Me before those enter the lightness 
Masturbating 
Masquerading 
And. You call your self righteous 
Follow me 
A, peripheral missionary and ark commit-ness 
Having intercourse with the nation of darkness 
Books, with worms 
Jherri suited with last names like perms 
Niggas, get your hands of your cracks, come to terms with yourself 
If, you don't get any bigger, 
Pink Caddy driving black boot stomping 
Yes, I'm that kind of nigga, 
Brother, J, whatcha', say 
Brother, J, Brother, J, whatcha', say 
Brother, J, whatcha', say Brother, J, whatcha', say 
, 
Brother, J, 
Yeah 
I'm, just a pro-Black nigga and I'm doing this 
And. Yet you watch me clock me to see if I continue this 
In the ways of the Caddy. I survive like a pimp: 
No jherri curls waves, perms or crimps 
The ever-nappy crew setting the mood 
I raise my fuel for my firm attitude 
Walking through the streets. With my war cry spear 
Certain folks know it means doom when they hear 
My firm black boots with no spurs attached 
Now. Let me take a second cause. I might detach 
My black boots. If you confuse 
I lose my peoples in the words you choose, 
For writer was wrong or man what you think 
Accept my Black, so how the hell you diss Pink 
And. Yet you wan na', be down clown. 
So many wan na' be down with the illogical ark. 
Steppin' through your cave-boy crew, 
Your nest of war with your bald hair-do 
Media weapons, 
News at 11, 
Paper at 6 or systematic tricks 
And. That'S why I do what I do 
Say, how I feel so you get it on the real 
True. True, any rapper will subdue 
Try to test some buddy business. 
And submit my whole crew. 
The front page says: outrage, 
There's no gauge cause it's time for the mac 
Tune in your radio, video stereo and all that 
To. The vibes of the pro-Black 
It's, like that. As I wind up my wrist 
Check out the smack of the scientific fist 
But on a level to the East, I go 
Cause with Freedom or Death. There'S no choice. You know 
Still on the topic of the P-are-O 
When. I pass my verbs stick to brother P-X-O. 
 
Professor X, 
Over and under as I progress to this 
Got no time to be hanging out with humanists, 
Raise a flag fly the tag, the hand clutch the fist 
Serve we nationally comes the diss 
Humanity, keep it with us. We break edicts 
Milwaukee the brutality. How can you dismiss 
So off to the road we go? You know 
Follow the pro-nigga flow 
Off to the road. You know we go 
Follow the pro-nigga flow 
For you and yours legislation, 
Past-purpose agitation, 
By way of the old Emancipation, 
Zoom zoom zoom, revelation 
Cometh, pro-Black, dedication, 
The solution, revolution, 
Evolution, 
The, conclusion the trigger 
Please a. Let me take a swigger 
And. If you don't get any bigger 
Yes, I'm that kind of nigga 
 
J Yeah To the East, my brother to the East 
X To the East, my brother to the East 
J, Come on To the East, my brother, to the East Yeah 
X To the East. My brother to the East 
J To the East, my brother, to the East Yeah 
X To the East, my brother to the East, my brother 
To, the East, my brother to the East, 
 
Brother, J, 
Yeah, 
Revolution evolution, the solution, 
No amendments and burn the Constitution. 
You, take the authors, a bunch of old wig-ers 
Who, ratified extinction of the poor Black niggas 
Know. Why Cause I'm that nigga that they can't stand? 
That teach an African how to say Black man 
And, I'm that nigga, they can plainly see 
With the nationalist colors of the red black green 
Yeah. I'M the one who cut Tarzan's vine 
Ran his ass out the jungle with his homeboy swine 
One of those brothers that they just can't find 
That, makes'em, shake and make'em shiver when it comes nighttime, 
Yeah, A boom-bap with a pro-Black slap 
The old, systematic dues, 
All. Irish. Do Japs. Yeah 
You, hear me Boy, you'd, better, make way, 
Enough action and totally nothing to say, 
And. Here'S a message to the Rainbow crew 
And their fearless leader. Captain Human 
Revolution is not humanism 
Individualism and not separatism. 
Hey Point blank living-ism is a tank 
Cause. There'S just some things that I never forget. 
I, remember: green suits on a Black mayor, 
