Flaws Lyrics
by Zoetic.


My intentions with every female intellectual is purely sexual, like erections 
The virus spreads by the infection. 
Gassed up got my head real big cause, i'm movin' in the same direction: 
High velocity suspension like a prophet's resurrection, but yet 
My only option now wow is to move down towards the coffin 
Cause. Yes, i am so common and although there's bombs, i'm droppin' 
Really slow. Just so you know i spit them. Muthafuckas fast, like bullets, i'm
choppin' 
Now, mind you. This artillery comes out of my jaws because we all have flaws. 
All i have. Is these flows 
There's a beauty to the beasts? Every thorn has its rose: 
Haters line, em up in rows, step up to'em one by one just to settle the score. 
I'Ll knock you down to the floor. You scream like never before 
I wan na. Let the blood flow and put you under the floorboards 
My. God was that overboard on the mic, i get bored 
I'm using homophones. You homo king me like a checkerboard 
Cause life is like a board game. It'S just to pass the time. 
In reality the bigger picture's, making that dime 
And turn it into a dollar. Now you think you a baller 
So, you stretch it into twenties to make ya money. Look taller. 
You got ta, go that much harder and aim that much farther 
So just keep it one hunit. Until you get the proper honor that you think you
deserve 
Now pay attention and learn. They won't miss you when you're gone until the
day, you return 
So. When you pick a social circle, pick the one that is neutral 
Feel that drug that's, what dilates ya pupils 
So, you can open up ya eyes to the things that are truthful 
And. As for love, listen close cause, this part is crucial. 
Love really isn't useful if it isn't mutual 
We all have a dark past that we're just tryna get past. 
Some people live too fast and choose the shotgun blast. 
I got people saying to me that my music won't last 
And others tellin' me, i'm bound ta get signed like a leg cast 
You can catch that whip-ass. Now i'm snappin' that whiplash 
My lines pass fast, like Flash spazz over ya head like gas, 
So imma, stop makin' mistakes and start grindin' gettin'. This cake, 
Keep lovin' hot as an oven, and i let that shit, bake, 
, 
Because .... We all have Flaws. Some are big and some small 
Walk bare feet through life. Sometimes you got ta crawl 
When, you think you've seen it all witness. The final curtain call 
It's not about how high you climb it's about how far you fall. Ya'Ll 
 
My intentions with every female intellectual is purely sexual, like
erections, ... 
But, yet .... My only option now wow is to move down towards the coffin ... 
 
