Flawless Lyrics
by XEL.


Ay tell me what you thinkin', that you know sinkin' to the snow 
Drinkin' with the dro ink is finna flow. 
Speakin' of ink cause. I can scribe rhymes and that's cause, I'm the 
Kingpin of the show can't link'em to the pole, but I'm outchea 
And I'mma. Do this, for my people that ain't about fear 
Do this till the sun's gone? Do this till the clouds clear 
Cause, I'm a crook in the town streets, I'm cookin' the ground, beef 

Mixin', the liquor with the skunk plus a lost way, 
Got them kickers! In my trunk make your block, shake 
I got a switchblade and it sits up in the front while the cops wait. 
You watch from a locked gate, 
Spend my life wonderin', how there's more to have 
While, I'm chillin' with my fam. They ride in California, Ave 
Been, try'na fix the system, but it's out of order. Bad 
Can't even make a decent livin' without an ounce or more per bag. 
 
Maybe, you can wake me up. I don't 
Care anymore wan na just fly home 
When I get up on the mic. You know it's rawness 
Put the pen to paper and tell my flow is flawless. 
 
You see I wake up every day and wonder when it's gon na change 
See the fakers. Yet they play, but now it's winter come that reigns 
A hundred thousand in a public housing. Let'S cut'em out then 
Climbin''em up the mountain till we kicked out and plummet down for 
Years be gettin' to run around when 
Is it gon na stop talents like we duckin' Falcons. 
Breaking Bad, like my son, was Malcolm 
I, need another Valium, but my people want another album 
So how I'm ... gon na do that is beyond me. 
Move back new jacks plus you rap, like a zombie 
They, say Who's that Who's, that That's that dude. That'S in Jumanji 
Calm up on the surface, try'na pursue rap as a quandary. 
It'S got me lookin' at these bottles like there ain't enough. 
My brain is stuck gim me that pallet from my gray, life and I'll paint it up 
Picture perfect in the portrait frame. It up pain is rough 
Cause. It'S that fishscale and you know your cane is cut 
 
Maybe. You can wake me up. I don't 
Care anymore wan na just fly home 
When I get up on the mic. You know it's rawness 
Put the pen to paper and tell my flow is flawless: 
 
Yeah, it's flawless, ... 
But, I'm really sick of all this ... 
 
