Flicka Da Wrist [Freeverse] Lyrics
by Yung Rudd.


Gettin plays.
Gettin blazed.
Yeah.
God damn.

I smoke I'm feeling like if I was on the moon.
I smoke I feel like I could write 100 tunes.
Look at the flicka da wrist.

I smoke I'm feeling like if I was on the moon.
I smoke I feel like I could write 100 tunes.
With your girl dan I smoke a bowl and then we spoon.
Cemetary flow, I leave these beats in many tombs.
Spitting that dope after I flick up that wrist.
All of our singles does play on every station.
What is a hit and a miss?
People been saying that we've got haters.
But all I ever see is gibberish.
Cause the only time you come close to beating a king.
Is killing a fish.
Men does say I look like Trevor Sayers? Don't make me damage you.
Only your girl could do that because her pum pum knows I've got stamina.

Look at these amateurs.
I want pros in my parameter.
Like Kerwin, I've got a circle of brethrens, all of them pros.
So why is you faling, bruh?
Calling me bro? Last time I checked your name ain't Noah, nor Adam, nor.
Khafra.
Your rhymes they're full of shit, dan you're a lyrical catheter.
Talking to people and saying that Ways dan, Rudder is crap inno!
Sorry to say breds but you by yourself there like you're a bachelor.

Look at the flicka da wrist.
Look at the flicka da wrist.
Bitch.
Then I be hitting that spliff.
Then I be flicking da wrist.
Then I be hittin that spliff.
Then I be flicking da wrist.
Flicking da wrist.
Hitting your chick.
Then I be hitting that spliff.

Look at the flicka da wrist x8.

Look at the flicka da wrist.
Inzey and Rudd be the pick of the list.
Niggas out here trying to live how we're living.
But don't even know what meticulous is.
Haters gon' hate like ridiculous kids.
They're ticklish.
Bars staying sweet like it's licorice.
Y'all could stay bitter like pickles is....
Not talking Tommy or Drew.
Know some real hitters that'll spray up your block with that tommy they drew.
Not even true, they're the type don't even tuck it.
Bring back your head in a bucket.
Pay men a box of Kentucky.
Might get some bucks if they lucky.
Got some weight down in the port from Nantucket.
Got some dates down in the court that I'm ducking.
Me on the phone with your girl when she's blushing.
Attitude Russian.
I want what's mines, that shit ain't up for discussion....

I woke up feeling like I could just buy the moon.
How we gone when we could have a mil by June?
Look at the flicka da wrist.
Look at the flicka da wrist.
Look at the flicka da wrist.
Nobody out here better than this.

Look at the flicka da wrist x8.

