Foofaraw Lyrics
by Wordburglar.


Cuz is smooth. Like how, after shavin' feels 
Takin' down more birds than Dave, Winfield 
The Navy Seal on Blades of Steel
famous for spiels 
From playlists to turntablists, wheels, 
Makin' fakers appeal at their saviours. They kneel 
Deranged with the brain of Xavier
but real 
And, the flavour's like a plaste of some great tastin meal, 
But laced with a faint taint for when plagiarists steal, 
Savour the zeal you can't catch like crazy eels, 
Cause their slippery. And their crazy eels 
On, the real They say Get a major deal 
But, they forgot. I am a major deal. 
It'S the Wordburglar preferred mirth inserter 
Leave, you catatonic in a in a preserved, fervor 
Just. When you thought you couldn't get served further 
Make. You feel soft, like some kind of nerf pervert 
 
You got ta. Do yourself 
Cause, if not who's. Your draw 
If dudes got attittudes then like boobs 
Lose, the bra 
Write it in italic in bold in Futura 
Wordburglar, my styles, a whole FOOFARAW 
 
I stay dipped like a chip. You forgot in some dip 
Hoppin with hip 
Choppin, the spit 
Not in a whip 
Walkin with grits 
Rockin, the mix Apocalypse, 
Ridonculous talkin' with a Vodka Twist 
It's the optimus optimist, holding an obelisk 
When, it's obvious to put an omnibus on a disk 
Honestness should make the Kids pay shit for it; 
But they don't care, they just get it. On Bit Torrent 
Like Rip Torn the kid's rips scorn 
More than a thick thorn 
Flipped more than a shitstorms 
Worth of legit quips born 
Every. Second, never detectin' the lessons you're gettin 
Hittin like Tekken. So beckon what
you reckon'll set in 
From Ovechkin to Mekaneck
 \-. I got the epithet for wreckin
sets 
When, you second guess: 
Or threat, death 
Is! All you get regrets and debts 
Heck, yes, 
 
You got ta. Do yourself 
Cause, if not who's your draw 
If dudes got attittudes. Then, like boobs 
Lose, the bra 
Write it in italic in bold in Futura 
Wordburglar, my styles, a whole FOOFARAW 
 
This is the recipe for mentally messing with many enemies. 
You, better be ready to be disheveled by the reverie 
Eventually, so spend your pennies sensibly. 
And send for me, 
Like 20th century sentries on a mezzanie, 
Your friends, agree I'm friendly and tend to be 
Plentifully equipped with modern day amenities, 
In any event. Seventy centipedes couldn't mess with me, 
Got it hot locked, like a Venice Beach penitentiary. 
Never went with a girl named genevieve 
But. If your names genevieve and your hot message me 
Haha stop dib dib, dob, dob, 
Real rappers are broke. Workin, odd jobs and 
You're too cheap to buy their CD 
You come to their show and try to fly in for free 
Then hate all night, with your screwface. On 
Cause you're scared to have fun with a new face on c'mon 
 
You got ta. Do yourself 
Cause, if not who's. Your draw 
If dudes got attittudes then like boobs 
Lose, the bra 
Write it in italic in bold in Futura 
Wordburglar, my styles, a whole FOOFARAW
 
