Forever Lyrics
by Xc.


We on the road to riches me and a bunch of my guys, 
Just drive ain't no bags, but the ones thats under our eyes. 
Guess that I lied. I got me a couple. Babies and 
These niggas brought all their baggage from pass relationships. 
And they really been through some major shit. 
I can't relate since I never been with a shady chick 
But. They be having my niggas taking bout, crazy shit 
Like soon as they get rich all the ways they could stunt to make em sick 
But, don't judge em you'd do the same. Won'T you 
You kinda relate to that pain. Don'T you 
You said you'd get in the game and start making that change 
You promise, you never change. Don'T you 
I be saying the same. 
But Biddy say you never know when pertaining to fame. 
Alot of niggas went foul just playing the game. 
When, you start getting that paper. What things will remain 
Who knows, but now all we got is blood, sweat and our passion 
But. I then seen shit go to niggas head like an aspirin 
With. That said, I pray that never would happen 
Cause if a ship sink. Then its on the head of a captain 
Uh yeah captain, I am 
I'm just a young nigga with a spectacular plan 
They like X, but you always saying we gone 
And everytime. I look up. We back hear again: 
 
And. I know I know I said its. Our time And I know 
But, you know I been on my grind And I know see now. 
All I rock is REGIME shirts, 
I'm, yelling teamwork is how you make the dream work. 
If we gon do it, we got ta, do it together. 
And will saying my nigga its now or never 
And Frado said my nigga, you getting better 
And once you get it together, We'll be on top Forever 
 
And thats a long muthafucking time, 
I. Think of that - and I just going write another rhyme 
The money calling and my pops is on the other line. 
And every time we talk is weird. I kinda wonder why 
Prolly get out next year around the summer time, 
My uncle won't see light til year 2025. 
And Kenny bout to go back in another fucking time 
The. Last time we talked it sounded like he wan na cry, 
But, no tears, never nigga! You know us 
The. Last thing he said is X. You finning to blow up 
You in a different class Shit. I ain't never pass 
With. My moms stressing shit like you better get a diploma. 
We was thinking bout banks thats best for niggas to hold up 
Always figured. I regret this shit when we grow up 
The angel, never as loud as the devil. That'S on your shoulder! 
This, look on my son eyes was telling me nigga slow up 
Damn. I guess I got to much to lose now. 
Alarm clock ring. I never hit the snooze now 
And. I be going hard at everything I do now 
So everyday I be in and out the booth now 
Thats our shot to the top 
Alot of fake niggas be tryna, find them a spot. 
I be hearing disses from niggas. That'S not even hot 
Know they'll never get their time, but they watching the clock. 

In our dream. Putting in overtime, 
I'm, talking record label a couple clothing lines: 
Even started a charity. You thought I only rhyme 
See. We ain't got no brakes nigga. We on the grind. 
I tryna tell him that we gon be fine. 
Ya know talk is cheap and ain't, none of hommies buying 
Cause, they all bright. Of course they wan na shine 
I try to tell em, don't rush it. It happens over time 
And. Last month I was talking to L 
Checking up on em to see if my partner was well 
Cause. Last year he lost his little brother 
A couple months later, his daughter as well 
I, just told him. I had a little girl 
For me that kinda got awkward as hell 
Then. We just got back to the subject: 
Talking growth as an artist and fitting rap in the budget, 
I try to tell him I don't be doing raps for the public 
I just do the shit, I feel - and u hope they happen to love it 
Yeah. Most of my boys went out. I was in for the weekend 
Watching some TV and wondered why niggas be peaking. 
Watching some NBA highlights 
Vince T-Mac A.I. them niggas was beasting 
But. I could picture Kobe in the gym. 
Getting up shots, while them niggas was sleeping. 
 
