Fossas Against Forced Rape Lyrics
by 415 fossas.


Penetrate that pussy deep.

Watch the blood slowly seep.

Use the blood as lube.

A frothy mix to fill a tube.

Make the blood stop with some tape.

Painting a portrait of this rape.

She's choking on my dick.

She turned purple real quick.

Some might even call me sick.

Cut the body up with an ice pick.

Shoved a wire deep, just to hear her weep.

All of this could have been avoided if she wasn't sound asleep.

This rap just became controversial.

Probably hear this song on a anti-rape commercial.

By the way, everything we say is true.

The truth we never skew.

Boner in the class. Can't sand up and ask for a hall pass.

If I did my thick dick might scare off the little lass.

Next to me. She's.
next to be.

The one who will text me and maybe sex me.

Got me under her spell. She's vexing me.

Or maybe shes pissed off and hexing me.

I'm most in love when shes reckin me.

And it feels so good when I see shes checking me.

Out. Attention is.
all I want from the girl.

But I fear my erection will make her hurl.

Call my dick the tilt a whirl.

But I'm ugly as shit like Sweatshirt, Earl.

What the fuck am I going to do I'm about to piss my pants and bust a nut.

It's getting harder and harder and I'm struggling to keep my peephole.
shut.

Oh shit. She raised her hand. Asked for a hall pass. She's heading to the.
shitter.

Tuck the boner in the elastic. Get a hall pass too. Time to hit her.

The transformation begins.

Time to reveal the product of all my sins.

I can feel him crawling under my skin.

The maniac emerges from within.

I follow her in the shadows to the lady's room.

Little does she know this will be the lady's doom.

I wait outside but listen close.

I hear the shit hitting the water god damn that shit is gross.

Wait for her to wipe and for the toilet to flush.

Time to conjugate my cock with my crapping little crush.

Run in and bust into the stall.

Punch her in the face and gag her up. She knows she has no chance at all.

Our dreams have finally come true.

Her pretty mouth is what I will cum through.

Best head I've ever had. Her tight and thrashing mouth made me orgasm and cum.
a ton.

Diego Johnson snaps back, looks at the girl he loves. Oh my god what have I.
done…

