Frankenstein Lyrics
by WordPlay T.JAY.


I wonder what it's like to be down and feel low, feel low.
I wonder what it's like to just cry on your pillow, pillow.
I wonder what it's like to not shine and feel gold, feel gold.
I wonder what it's like to be down and feel low, feel low.
I'm so blessed to be alive x3.
I'm alive, Frankenstein.

Young choir boy, you can't ignore.
Write a score, I'm self employed you're null and void.
I was pick up out of the ashes.
Box me up, greater than Cassius.
My past slipped outlast it like Magic.
One of a kind, can't mold me like plastics.
It's tragic, count your blessings when you see them.
Ain't made a million yet but I'm happy to be breathing.
Life is only receding when holding on to the demons.
So pray and let go of weakness and never let it defeat you.
Every day is a sequel to make it greater than equal.
If it isn't lethal you'll be stronger when it's beneath you.
So get up and take another step.
Aim for the top I'm saying nothin' less.
There's nothing left but pick a path and do it.
Never half pursue it and put your back into it.

Young choir boy I know I'm spoiled.
I know the wars, I've seen the loss, I've won the spoils.
I've seen the foils of past plans forgotten.
Keep it moving without them with knuckles whiter than talcum.
Grind living forever I'm Martin, Ghandi and Malcolm.
Any negative thoughts no stress I do without them.
Now baptize my head in the waves of the water.
Using my very soul to make a way for my daughter.
Son, moon, whatever I'm happy to try the hardest.
Not graduating with honors I'm happy to be an artist.
Cause the struggle doesn't last always.
Won't be living in the past all day.
So I get up, I take another step.
I up and broke the cycle just by taking nothing less.
Knew I'd be the best now I say it with my chest.
Passing all the test simply knowing that I'm blessed.

Lord protect us all from enemies.
Till I succeed drown inner peace with Hennessy.
I still stand got many legs like centipedes.
You'll never finish me.
You'll never finish me.
Till I succeed drown inner peace with Hennessy.
I still stand got many legs like centipedes.
You'll never finish me.

