Freeverse 2 Lyrics
by Unda Preshur.

I stepped in the cypher with a weapon ready to wreck it 
The. Second, I checked it. Preshur was heckled by biters 
It's motherf*** ing session Telling em you got ta step up, 
 Gon na get wrecked when you messing with the best of us wriers 
 
I'm, not a f*** ing, recruit cause when you think about 
A nine to five and a stupid. Buttoned up suit 
Its, nothing to boot. I don't need a nine millimeter heater 
Cause. A syllable is something i'll shoot. 
 
While, I'm making a rhyme taking it back to rap 
Wanted me to hurry up five, and that's that 
Why. You telling me it's something I can't get done. 
Working word words baby, I'm on my fifth one 
 
I'm a mixtape a year since i been in the game, 
Venom and flame, never f*** ing been an eminem name. 
Better then wayne sick of working with a minimum wage 
Sick of the pain. Why you thinkig rap is never the same 
 
As. It was once like in 94', 
Matter fact. In 94' motherf*** er, I was in the height of war. 
They call me mister mixtape, at the flick of my wrist 
I got my cd stickin, like a pick in yah ribcage, 
 
I'm, equipped with a switch blade, sick ways. 
Sicker. Then this don't chu, forget to consider this name. 
I ain't wit, a record company woulda coulda, shoulda 
But, I didn't cause, they didn't want. None of me, 
 
Remember. Back in the day when you making fun of me 
Picking on a mothef*** er lucky there was one of me 
If. There were more of me. It would of been a different story 
And now it is cause. Now you f*** ing, run to me. 
 
My brains, all rap, and it's napalm mapped 
Jabbawocke mask on with a baseball bat 
The games, all wack, You can bank off that 
You. Don'T think I'm dope time to bring the chainsaw back 
 
Now, i'm sawing and hacking Calling your father 
I'm like haw haw and I'm laughing 
Every time I rap jaws drop and they gaspin 
Opposite of wack, I'm at the top of the rap list. 
 
Damage the wack next batter to bat 
Never on the same level as me, I handle the rap 
Put. You on an anvil and smash. 
Crime scene is looking like a crazy motherf*** in savage attacked, 
 
You having nightmares and you having panic attacks. 
Pop, a xanax relax, I ain't average or wack 
I got ta, go be one of the best motherf*** ers round here. 
Spitting Canada, rap 
 
So. You poppin that xanax, Don't you know, I'm a problem 
About to hop off planet. Did you stop and you panic, 
I got ta be fit and I got ta rip it and I spit. I got ta stay hard, 
 
This ain't, a gimic cause. I live it and I play smart 
I ain't gon na die cause ima dig up out of my grave yard. 
I got a chained heart Matter. Fact. I got a brave heart: 
That's been stepped on A nobody can save heart, 
 
A. Nobody can break heart. Think about my babe heart, 
An, everyday type of pain and ache, heart 
Only for a day heart, I'm a human! Don'T you tell me 
What, I got at least I don't got a fake heart. 
 
I was broken. She crushed me Every morning when I wake up. 
I could only hope that she loved me she was like 
Nope cause you ugly. She was too beautiful. I'M on my lonesome 
I must be 
, 
A sucka for love, A sucka for loving you 
Giving you enough of everything. Enough of my trust, 
The, big bad wolf about to huff and then puff 
Enough of your love, because it's something that be f*** ing me: up
, 
