Freestyle A Chorus Lyrics
by The Undergods.

Canibus.
Yeah.
It's The Undergods again.
Canibus, Keith Murray, Undergodin' you out.

Canibus.
I don't wanna battle you.
I'll pay for you to rap at my sabbatical.
And pay for every act that performs after you.

Remove your laptop before you walk through the terminal.
Before I take it personal.
One liners bust through the highway dividers.
Oncoming traffic eyes' get wider, power slide ya.
Spit god, get the beer cap twist off.
Sip the juice, it's all gone, I sip hard.
What you gon' do when your worst nightmare come true?
Undergods crew, coming for you.
A dead corpse with exposed bones wearing cologne.
Bis and Murray, microphone zone sharing Patrone.
The fans hate because they can't transubstantiate what Canibus make.
The hands change shape, turn into snakes.
Smellin' the same way roadkill taste.
We feed the underground Undergod fan base nothing but steak.
Straight chicken teriyaki, shrimp and lobster hibachi,.
Stuff your face, the whooping cough make you spit up paste.

Keith Murray.
Ay yo.
This is concentration on straight desecration.
And capitalization on straight murderation.
I love it when they underestimate who they facin'.
And get their  head, chest, back, neck pushed in.
This is close encounter of the sick-mind kind.
My parasitical lines will eat you every time.
I can show you how to make a bomb out of tooth paste.
I can fit a grown ass man in a suitcase.
Silence breeds violence.
Violence breeds tyrants.
Tyrants bleed, nigga!
Don't you ever fuckin' try it!
Unorthodox, beat bumpin' like chickenpox.
Turn that shit up, it'll make your ears pop!
Squeeze water out of rocks.
God of the one-liners.
I hip-hop  make the sun shine brighter.
When you put together both our infinite styles.
All impossible things are possible now.

It's The Undergods, y'all ain't got nothin' for us.

Canibus.
Eyes in the darkness, call us.

Plug the microphone out.
Choke em out, foam at the mouth.
Is that a moan or a shout?!
I interject to disagree with respect.
Even the best ain't fuckin' with The Undergods yet.
You wanna torture me, tickle my feet.
But don't tell me it's easy to memorize what I spit to the beat.

Keith Murray.
I got non-fictitious sadistic flows.
Scriptures of death like the Dead Sea Scrolls.
Y'all niggas is the wackest.
But always think y'all better than niggas.
Like a bunch o' crackers.
Weak niggas don't test me, I'll fly heads.
Yeah…you know how we do, yeah.
Sorry, sack of shit, son of a bitch.
Put a gun to your head and make you suck a dog-dick.
We the hardest mothafuckas since MC Ren.
Circle the block, air it out, double back again.
You can't fuck with me and you won't.
Before that happens, dog, I'll cut my own fuckin' throat.
I'm electro-magnetic in the studio session.
You a square-head nigga like Charleston Heston.
So anyway, you's a dead nigga.
You might as well put the burner in your mouth.
And pull the trigger, nigga.

Undergods.
Yeah.
It's the smoke-out brothers.
The smoke-out brothers smokin' you the fuck out.
Burning you out.
And we smokin' niggas out.
YEAH!
Without a doubt.
Canibus, Keith Murray.
Yeah, Undergods.
Respect that artistry when we bring it forth too, man.
Word.
Yeah.
You know how The Undergods put it down.
Underground sound all around.

