Freestyles 2 Lyrics
by Rx.

1.
Never had drugs? give shrugs.
Check out my hospital records, you fake ass thugs.
Suckin off eminem? im all set.
Ill just wait while you let khlifa pet your set.
Double down sixty nine with dogg and taylor.
You bitches white trash strait outta the trailer.
Call me a hick, we haven't met prick.
I been shaming your dicks shorter then candel wicks.
Im too sick, flow through my teeth like a toothpick.
New bic, to light my blunt off nice and easy.
So fuck these rhymes I cop em, cheesy.
I been learnin the internet, please G.

2.
Take a 1, 2 ,3, and a 4.
I ain't singing a country song you dumb little whore.
Rx the prescription baby im ringing your door.
You got about 6 seconds before your dead on the floor.
Trying to call the police is just asking for more.
Id have an unfulfilled task without the blood and the gore.
So keep bitchin at me like your takin a score.
Cause next time I come back I won't be sober no more.
The doc re-uped my prescription, pills sink to my core.
Vicodin shoots through my veins like a blistering sore.
Im about to bash into your head, just for the fore.
You'll be caught worse then a fish on a lure.
Play me out once, its my own damn fault.
Now I leave my emotions locked up like a vault.
I blame you for that, time for a ‘sault.
Into the summer' till you come to a hault.
This shit barely fazed me, ive seen it before.
You ain't the first bitch ive had to allure.
So dont act stuck up cause you got to me good.
Cause now your layin ‘10 deep, under a pile of wood.

3.
How many times you gonna say prescription pill addiction?
And how many times do I gotta point out your contanst dick a lickin?
Keep on tryna play me like a constant rap affliction.
Wanna mention heroin, as if I ain't still listenin?
Id beat your ass anyday, hear these words, merely pennys may.
Be what you can compare my level of tryin as I serve your tray.
Yall and taylor can't sit back and watch as your obviously gay.
So quit tryin to start some beef, when all you are is just a queef, from a.
nobody, an autumn leaf, whos fallen flat, right underneath, my ballsack, you.
smoke crack? you been wack.
On this track? get back. your a nick nac, im a collectible.

4.

Do I wanna scratch your dick when it itches?
I could interview 60 bitches, and all would diminish.
None wanna get near your 3 inch, 3 second finish.
I wash you up, tail between your legs.
Want a treat? act a dog and beg.
Your just a peg, on a board game, lift leg.
I got 2 kegs to drink and get smashed.
Bein sober ends now, keg stand in a dash.
Two hash pockets, bowls filled of sash.
Drug dealin and hustlin got me filled with cash.
Fights now, all day, end with a fuckin bash.
Crash test dummy is what you are.
Your bitch ass seen from a far, step up, 2 par.
Taylor gang, been too far, he ain't shit.
Fubar.

5.

Scopey, get some rope G, hang yourself out an oak tree.
Your the third one to class me with addiction, an affliction.
But you the first one to come, without a dick son.
I can barely take you serious, mouth drippin of cum.
Madd dogg musta blasted you and then some.
See you on ccn for rape fun.
But it ain't rape if you bent over, and spread buns.
Ya raps are mediocre, a joker, I take those cards outta the deck first, for.
poker.
All im keepin on is poker face, your version is lady gaga.
Dressed in lace.
Im outer space, your worldy generic.
Your worse then jeeter the cheater, dereck.

6.
Truth, you dont need a sleuth, to find out you never made debut.
Work the gluts, cause every bitch know that my rappins cute.
Me pat and dogg, roastin you off a blog,.
You ain't got no rebuttal, you stuck takin the inner city shuttle.
Ridin bikes, like pauly tuttle, No need to strut your butts full.
A2K Burnin you worse then eminem with Tabasco.
We workin mafia like donny brasco.
But we ain't no movie mob, we leave you hanging.
Death row inmate on the job.

