From Time Lyrics
by Sweetness.


Yeah, I needed to hear that, I hate when women are dismissive.
For the ones I loved, and will love, I make this music and hope they'll listen.
Date nights with candle lights, she looks like she belongs on center stage.
Whatever happened to finding someone with the right qualities.
Nowadays it's all quantitative like height, salary and age.
I mean with a body like that, you're begging for attention.
Got me acting up like a boy in detention.

Let your heart bleed out and get to bleaching.
Some girls are the sweetest sin.
Some are faker than the pictures they feature in.
My very first crush got lost with kids getting high.
What is love, I think I saw it in her eyes.
Now I'm greeting more ladies to balance out the goodbyes.
A deadly equation, worse when I set it equal to my pride.
And now that I got a little fame, old flames waitin for the day I call their.
name.
Some I rekindle, Some I extinguish.
Either way I had to finish quick so I can get to pursuing girls that are no.
longer of interest.
Like hey, it's been a minute, probably blame it on the distance.
Love, where's the thrill anymore.
Satisfaction, Where's the fill anymore.
My future, I'm feelin a little unsure.
Just looking for the right person to adore.
My past relationships, I just wish I could of gotten a little more.
Hey excuse me miss, for your number may I ask for.
Because there's nobody sweeter than Sweetness and that's for sure.

Never let a fool kiss you.
Never let a kiss fool you.
Always getting hurt, I just wish I could become resistant.
They abandon all hopes and say love is nonexistent.
From experience the greatest thing is a love that's persistent.
Don't go looking for the best somebody, but one that's different.
The woman of my dreams behind 1 of 3 doors, I fell victim.
Where did she go, they must of switched ‘em.
To the opposite sex, why do we praise ‘em?
Some people so shallow, maybe it's because of who raised ‘em.
I just want to go deep in a culture that lives under the sheets getting naked.
For the betterment of my future, to my past, I think it's time I faced it.
What can I say, you're hard to forget.
If our story was an album, I would be trying to rewind to the first song of.
our cassette.
What a mess, where did we go wrong, my friends trying to convince me it was a.
regret.
I just wish you could see how your actions fill me with rage.
To this commitment, maybe I should disengage.
Honestly If I have anything left to give, you'll have to scavenge.
To get with one of you, with all that I've been through, would that be a.
challenge.
But she talking like I'm Matt LeBlanc getting friend zoned during primetime.
I just wanted to be her everything.
But in the meantime she thought I was only part time.
This life of mine.
They say it gets better with time.
But I still think of you from time to time...
So damn fine.
I just wanted to make you mine.
Now it's gone…

