Fuckin Wit A Gangster Lyrics
by Ruste Juxx.


You know what crime is it 211, 
Juxx 7:30, with a 357 
4:20 I'd, be puffin that magic 
Smoking some disaster, inhaling that tragic 
Ya'll know who's the best MC. That'S no brainer 
Godzilla son blow smoke. You no flamer 
I've been a barbarian haggard-ed viking 
Run up on the stage stab Ya'll for the mic'an 
Commence, the slaughtering sharper than a meat cleaver 
Raised in hell like a street sweeper 
 hit you with the double barrel, 
I put about twenty more holes through your Apparel 
Call me the finisher, not Mr.C 
But. I rep Brooklyn hard till I D.I.E 
So. Why try me 
I'm so deadly 
J.U., double X, R.U.S.T.E, 
, 
Interlude, Ruste, Juxx 
Ya nigga check my motherfucking record.. Nobody fuckin with me. Platinum.
Underground 
 
You fuckin wit, a gangster 
Gangster niggas, born to kill 
Any rat niggas, signing them papers sworn to squeal 
You fuckin wit, a mobster 
Mobster niggas live the life 
Screaming fuck. You pay me twice: 
I'm that nice 
You fuckin wit, a gangster 
Gangster niggas, born to kill 
Any rat niggas, signing them papers sworn to squeal 
You fuckin wit, a mobster 
Mobster niggas live the life 
Screaming fuck. You pay me twice: 
I'm that nice 
 
Yo, I'm from Brooklyn killah Crown Heights to be exact, 
Homicide drugs and gangs, is where it's at 
White cops. Wan na pull me over cause. I'M black 
I ain't stoppin cause I'm strapped 
With a pocket full of crack 
Hideout. What fuck, the gingerbread man 
Come lookin for me you'd, be a certified dead man 
Black out, like Redman fuckin with Meth 
You should've been weaving a right ducking. A left 
I shine brighter 
Than, your top five lime-lighters 
You snitchin 
Whole bunch of drop down crime fighters. 
Bitches ain't shit niggas is worth less 
So what you do. Execute-em. What was your first guess: 
I'm very un-rational 
A lot of suckers like to use the word. Dramatical 
To make em sound, radical 
But. Why try me 
I'm so deadly 
J.U, double X, R.U.S.T.E, 
, 
Fuck, you and your FUBU sweater, 
Your, cheap ass jeans and your Zulu leather 
You shoot true. Never I'm the son of Jor-El 
Turn, my toothbrush to a shank and have fun in the jail 
Everything. I spit is real and I mean it. 
Jigga payin Dwayne, I'm payin, Gilbert Arenas, 
I, don't buy work. I take it from dudes who heard wrong. 
Survival of the fittest handle my business and get gone 
You. The shit Sean call me El-Dookie, 
Pitch rock the fiend. Your tight jeans, Lupe 
I, stay to myself cause I don't like convo 
I stay gettin fresh. I don't dress like Marco 
Polo in Levi's, strictly 
Nike's. On my feet, I stay O50 
So fly nigga. I don't know why. 
Good Muslim brother, big beard, no bow, tie 
 
Ya. Just for record this Sean P Younahmean.. I write all of Ruste's
shit Younahmean.. If you a Ruste Juxx fan. I know your a Sean Price fan
 Younahmean., I'm the
ghost-writer. P. And Marco kinda fly wright. Now I wan na change the line but
 
