Functions Lyrics
by WordPlay T.JAY.


Dwayne Wayne done stepped up in the building.
Only a boy like me could ever give this type of feeling.
Putting them to the ceiling, glasses of champagne spilling.
Only got a few dollars but I'm feeling like a million.
Good Lord, I'm looking for a girl with her bra off.
With tequila and some rock salt knocking shots off.
Like a sawed off, I gotta be.
around when it pop off.
Got a lot of apple like Motts sauce, it's Mardi Gras on Adderall.
Spilling my drink I ain't mad at all, I'm tipsy but I ain't down to fall.
Got a lot of grind for the guap, can't be stopped, putting it on for the Rock.

Taking this here to the top, put it in the watts, people like when he gon pop.
But I'm already on like YouTube not doing this here like you fools.

This ain't nothing new dudes, just something you ain't used to.
Matter fact I cause that urge, like the Holy Ghost at church.
I would chill that out not kill your route but I been this way since birth.
Make the car peel ain't no beamers, my flow just hit patina.
I could prolly hit the scene up but I'm looking at arenas.

You don't know the half, don't even know the math.
I'm tryna keep these haters here from stepping in my path.
So don't complicate the function, yeah don't complicate the function x2.

Spread my music like church to 10 or 10,000.
And all I do is work, I don't give a damn about lounging.
You can pour it up like fountains swimming pools we drowning.
Hood niggas say 300 but I've always been 1000.
And these wack ass raps about this, about that.
And the Billboard shit like, crap, crap crap.
Wanna hate on me better kiss my sack.
Better leave my track, cause the king is back.
What it do my dude? I'm a boss and I approve.
In a better mood, incredible, third eye is on and you better move.
Trading in hoes for a better boo, no twerking on my pedestal.
Cause it's high up here, see the sky up here it's a better view.
Look at me I'm better too, longer, faster, stronger.
Scoring it like a bonus with cuts better than bologna.
Believe we going ham, flood the streets like my dam.
All the dudes here like lambs just sticking to the trends.
But the feeling is here, you got nothing to fear, I'm the man of the year.
And I'm taking the tier, it's not under my eye but I'm looking at cheers.

And I'm killing it yeah.

Got the angel on my shoulder but a demon to my right.
Thank Jesus in the morning but I need him here tonight.
Cause the Holy Ghost might hold me I don't see him in my sight.
Cause the hate is in my light, get the fuck up out my life.
And dip my head up in the water so my focus can go further.
Ask the father for my charter, I might just be a martyr.
Put the power in my words, like the Holy Ghost in church.
I would chill this out not kill your route, but I've been this way since.
birth.
And you may not know my motives but quotas they can't control us.
No quarters my shits in order, looking to break some borders.
You don't know the half about me, til I give you all the stories.
You a common name Ortiz, I'm.
rare and making it bleed.
Cause even if I flop, the picture still don't crop.
I'm building up my stock, and growing through the rocks.
Cause my vision is clear and I aim for the top, and I take you to school.
But I'm keeping the block, and I'm stacking them up and you never can knock.
So watch as I pop, bow.

