G'yeah Lyrics
by Yung Ro.


G'Eah mayn this one here, 
For you niggas, always in a nigga shit, mayn 
Always, trying to peep what a nigga got. 
Me myself, I'm a man of few words 
I, don't say too much shit 
So! That'S why I got that self explanatory shit, 
That shit, that's just g'eah speak for itself, 
 
Yung, Ro 
Ay. When I spit they like g'eah mayn, that nigga yeah mayn 
He real. He just spitting that whoa, I'm like g'eah, mayn, 
Now, look at here mayn. I really don't care mayn 
Maybe cause down here. Mayn we trill and let our g'eah hang 
You can feel the blanks if you peeping field of blanks 
But. If you ain't real, you can't you a shotgun but filled with blanks 
You too eager son ay. Take it easy son 
Watch how I bring the bread home, get full just leave me one 
Cause! That'S all! I need ay, I'm a hustler poppy 
Two steps ahead of you I'll. Thank you plus your muscles sloppy 
Maybe. That'S why Ro so cocky life is a hustle copy, 
Don't believe set a trend, watch how you hustlers copy 
That's. Why I hustle properly grind hard and clutch it softly 
Cause, you never know it could. G'Eah now. Did you busters copy 
Hold up shh hush he's cocky. I mean Chamillionaire 
I'm in my Nobody attire. He in Chamillion-wear 
That's, du-rags Air Forces, white, T's, Dickies 
Ay. Let'S wipe these rookies down, g'eah freeze, pussies, 
I, sell you game, sell you dope off of services, 
I, sell a bitch a dream and have her offering services 
Ahh fa sho. It is going down daddy's sure, 
Locked. Your girl, like daddy's yours, how crunk with a fatty girl, 
She, be getting mad at your boy and I be like damn it girl 
Confusion can't stand it girl catch this back, handers, yeah 
Don't. Let me lose you man, the mission's not to lose you man, 
Add flame, with my movements, man, body, language, move the hands 
Look. I got more expenses grinding, can't ignore the tension 
Inside on life, not 3D. More like a four dimension. 
Wait, I got more just listen. It'S nothing to score with bitches 
Let em get comfortable you'll, see their whore intentions, 
Throwback jersey! No, that's a gimmick! I'M authentic 
Hat tilted back tilted like g'eah g'eah, g'eah, 
Rap, switching style switch, em style, switching, so rap. Getting 
Very, interesting, competitive, look I'll, get ya! 
I'Ll hit ya like halls. Hit ya praise you down crawl with ya 
Then. You know. What'S coming next, g'eah, I'm like aww did ya 
Hurt yourself, trying to run with them big ones. 
Cause. We got them big guns. G'Eah, who wan na get some 
I got a lot to give a couple shots to give 
Blocka-blocka g'eah get off me got a lot to live. 
Thoed ay, Ro, yo flows, 
G'eah, I'm like g'eah motherfucker. I know 
 
My style is like g'eah. My clothes are like g'eah 
My do' is like g'eah, I'm the realest in here 
Show it off like g'eah play with em like g'eah 
It's, easy, it's lightweight, holla back daddy, g'eah, 
, 
Yung, Ro, 
Say, daddy, get your stunting up you tripping with that cheap shit. 
Too! Many rappers wearing grills anyway, you can keep it 
Peep. This, I'm hot. You can see it in clear view: 
Pain the movie starring Yung Ro in a theater near you, 
Ay, plus I fuck hoes. They say I'm some'ing like a hero, 
I be stroking, they be moaning. It do some'ing to my ego: g'eah 
I'm, the man son shorty, like man, son 
I, play her like basketball crossover fade and one 
You will never peep me, man, orthodox, structured, well, 
I'll, leave you like what the hell then I'm in the wind, like fuck, you g'eah 
Fuck the jail fuck, the laws fuck your bullshit indictment 
No warrants - give me my license: snatch it like g'eah, nigga, 
We on Homes, Road racing bikes, I'm daring, niggas, 
Popping wheelies in the air nigga stunting like g'eah nigga 
Source Awards. They voting who tight us 
We go to the mic, trophy Koopa, holding it like g'eah nigga, 
After party, mami dancing, I'm like you go girl 
She trying to make it stand up. My hands up like g'eah nigga 
Life is good. This is balling at it's finest moment. 
Nobody piece with the diamonds on it: flashing like g'eah, nigga, 
, 
It's, nothing, Yung, Ro it go down. 
This is Undagrind.
 
