Game Time Lyrics
by Z-Mane.


Look ... 
This is how it's gon na go down. We finna throw down 
Somebody call up Omi this a Xiaolin Showdown, 
These niggas, always telling jokes, but ain't got no punch lines 
And. If they hungry for them hands, then I guess it's crunch time. 
I need some sleep because I'm tired of lames 
If, they ain't, hooping or touching down. I'M tired of games 
Excuse. The title, though I told you niggas, I don't play 
I just go and put in work and yep your boy get pay. 
Green is all I see like I keep it. My main focus 
I got that magical spit, but don't call it hocus pocus 
Witchcraft trick bad grain. Wood 
Wish a nigga would, but I doubt that nigga even could 
You can't touch me trust me. It'S impossible 
Cause when it's game time mane, I'm nearly unstoppable 
 
It's game time, yeah, it's game time, 
Naw! I ain't playing but nigga it's game time. 
You gets no play time. Nigga this game, mine, 
I tell'em, I ain't playing but nigga it's game time. 
 
Gon' tell em it's on it's on 
It's game, time., 
 
Ayo, it's M.I.C., I'm bout to make some history 
These times are crazy. I'M a truth. In a daze 
I'm tryna get back in position of my lucrative ways. 
But. You have no idea how much this scrutiny weighs 
But. I don't know how to stop my ways. 
So. I keep on smoking on this fucking blunt until my worries go away 
But I might also smoke on my fucking vapor. I don't know 
This music is my life. I'M not old, I'm new 
So get off your ass and brew me. Some stew, 
Because me and Zalen go H.A.M. like fucking one and two 
My first time on the mic, I'm not doing so bad, so don't hate! 
This is my time to shine. This is my game, so don't blame me. 
This is my life now, so I'm gon na roll a blunt and lay down 
Cause. It'S almost fucking game time now, 
 
Gon' tell em it's on it's on 
It's game, time., 
, 
Yeah 
Shoutout to all my niggas out there doing they thing. 
You know what I'm saying: 
It's, always game time 
Shoutout to the boy: Matt Chandler, 
Z-Mane, 
, 
