Gang Bang Lyrics
by World Class Wreckin Cru.

Artist: World Class Wreckin Cru.
Album: World Class.
Song: Gang Bang.

What's up, cuz?
What that is, blood?
All about them rocks.

Yo man!
What up?
I just bought me the three G's today, dude.
Is that right?
Some Gazelles, some Gucci and some Guess, bro.

Yeah man, the house is rollin'.
Real tough dude, real tough.
Just got them fresh inky's on the Nissan.
Got to go dude, money calls.

Hey man, you hear what happened to.
Homeboy the other night?
Yeah man, that was raw, that was real raw, man.
He didn't have a chance.
You got to watch your back in this neighborhood.
Been that way for a long time, man.
That ain't cool at all.

Listen to the story as we rap to the beat.
As we educate you about life in the street.
Cause gang bangin', dope slangin', bad for the head.
If you do it too long, you'll end up dead.
If you don't end up dead, you'll end up in jail.
Living your life in a concrete hell.

Gang bang! You're dead and lying in the street.
Gang bang! Fifteen years old and a cold piece of meat.
Gang bang! Now tell me brotha what'cha gonna do.
Gang bang! When the coroner puts the bag on you.

Ooh you're standing on the corner, selling weed.
Trying to earn money for the things you need.
You look like a waitress, who works in a bar.
But you don't wait on tables, you wait on cars.
You don't carry a tray, you carry a bag.
A car passes by, you start to blag.
A car pulls over then you make the drop.
And out jumps a badge and a narco cop.
Up against the wall, and down to jail.
You can't go home cause you can't make bail.
Your mother's at home, constantly crying.
For fear that her baby could be dying.

You wear red rag, blue rag, and big shoelaces.
You drink 40 ounce brew by the cases.
You dress so tacky 'til you look like a slob.
And you wonder why you can't get a job.
You wear barrettes and you call yourself a man.
And you never wear the right size pants.
Your clothes are never fresh, they're always stale.
Who's your designer, the county jail?
You got secret words and finger signs.
Twisted egos and warped minds.
Your grammar is bad and you think you're cool.
But if you listen to yourself, you sound like a fool.

A boy goes to visit his favorite girl.
Not knowing it's his last day in this world.
He turns the corner and to his surprise.
He sees 20 thugs before his eyes.
Then they ask him, what set you from.
He stands there looking nervous and dumb.
They take his money and pull out a knife.
Then they beat him to a pulp and take his life.
The police come around asking questions, but.
The neighbors respond with cold rejection.
They say they're terrified, too scared to get involved.
But tell me, how can this crime be solved.

It's the 1st of the month and its mother's day.
Helpless women with kids are your prey.
You lurk in the shadows like a hype.
Can't wait to put a rock in that pipe.
You snatch a woman's purse then you start to run.
Police are on your heels and you're having fun.
You slide into the alley to count the cash.
But the woman had the money in her other stash.
You get real mad and you start to curse.
Because the woman didn't have the money in her purse.
Everything was perfect but you had one flaw.
You were being followed by the law.

