Gear'd Up Lyrics
by VonBock.

I've been tryna find my gears so this is something you can ride with.
Been talking with my peers they say its natural some despise it.
I'm always on the seek they thinking that they gonna hide it.
Middle finger in the air with my haze up right beside it.

I bang with the beats gang relation.
Hang on the rim like deflation.
Throw the deuce when i replace one.
Then i'm never coming back til' she let me cum.
I roll around on four wheels.
Howie Mendel all deals.
Till the watch I got give cold chills.
I did it for myself and thats for reals.
I lace it up, lick it, light it, seperating that sticky, fight it.
Given me all them hickies, hide it.
Then a plane for all my thoughts, fly it.
I'm punking on kids that be thinking they holding they own when they really be.
jocking.
Taking the style of another artist your consider me me all about my mocking.
I'm making a fist with my hand.
Then like a shoe, I will be socking.
Then I will call up your girl.
Fill up the cracks with all of my caulking.
Squab with my punchlines and I dont fight fair.
When your girl wanna rumble she just tell me pull my hair.
Your deception at its finest while I inception on your highness.
She scanning through my iris.
Hoping that my heart behind this.
I've scanned the hips for companionship, lost cause in this society.
You think you know your chicken till she blame it on sobriety.

I've been tryna find my gears so this is something you can ride with.
Been talking with my peers they say its natural some despise it.
I'm always on the seek they thinking that they gonna hide it.
Middle finger in the air with my haze up right beside it.
X2.

Bringing change like a cup different range for the bucks.
Living like a animal shits all wild.
I'm no where in the game that you hunt.
Two hands up like I'm in the range for the punt.
Touch down for the buss down.
She on the rush now tryna crush now but I can't cuff now.
NO!
Yes.
Now i'm all up on her mind with my hair gel.
Or the rare cells that containing the heat.
Luke warm baby girl old navy bad apparel.
Who the fuck care you remain as the beat.
I'm fiending for the status, hip hop hashes.
People influence from the future and the past its.
A whole new grind.
So fuck your judgements cause this mine shine.
Rhyme, gonna do what I want thats garunteed.
Mcdonalds rap, thats quarter pound never eat that shit thats just bout my weed.
Cause I roll one text two hit three.
Then I'm finally going up and lighting my tree.
Bend the buck tryna lawn chair cheese.
Cook it up as I spit this grease.

I've been tryna find my gears so this is something you can ride with.
Been talking with my peers they say its natural some despise it.
I'm always on the seek they thinking that they gonna hide it.
Middle finger in the air with my haze up right beside it.
X2.

