Get It Lyrics
by Run the Jewels.


Penny ante your bets up, 
Any sanity, left 
Any chance for humanity's landing on who's. The next up, 
Hope, we handed'em ammo enough to work from the neck up 
Those who handling damage control. Don'T wish us the best luck, 
I'm, a living in smoke, type 
Floating, with a grin over the moat type, 
Harry Allen on you bitch, I believe no hype 
Closer to the edge than even we want to admit 
If. This don't go right. 
Then assholes, like myself, are proven so right. 
All I got. Is this rap shit 
All I want is a castle 
And to move like a man with a minimum of harassment, 
The company of women with opinions and fat asses 
That's. My list of demands 
You, don't answer them, get the Gatling 
 
I'm stuck in a time, capsule 
When rap was actually factual. 
Meaning shit you spit, might cause killers to come and clap at you, 
Stupid goofy, stooly, 
The gooch in Gucci will slap you 
And that go for the cop kissing cats. That'S in the back of you, 
They all sweet as Little Richard, damn 
Good God. Al-Molly 
It make a nigga like me: go Woo and rob the party 
I exit stepping with my weapon with the Jefferson walk 
If you expressing any objections. You can get left in chalk, 
So my suggestion's. Let a G be 
Forgive. My transgressions 
Or I'mma, be in Catholic confessions, professing depression, 
I'm chin, checking chill stressing on your button. I'M pressing 
Mike'll fuck a rapper's life up like Mo'Nique, did to Precious 
 
You know I ... 
Get it .
 
My name is Jaime Meline 
I'm, not chasing the green. I'M taking it 
Bosses, don't change a thing in the name of seemingly making it 
Servants'll kiss the ring of whoever they think is paying'em 
You don't deserve the spit that they hurdled up in your face and shit 
 
My name is Michael Render. 
And. We are the new Avengers 
We're here to tell you all your false idols are just pretenders 
They're corporation slaves indentured to all the lenders. 
So. Even if you got seven figures, you still a nigga 
 
Some men aren't meant for the light to be shined on their shitty talking
 
Ya'll, better off trying to hide like the yay in a little pocket, 
We're overly fucking, awesome, 
They watch and adopt our concepts. 
They squawk at the Run the Jewels squad, 
We skin'em, then cop, a coffin, 
 
