Get Out Lyrics
by World's Fair.


Do ya'll niggas bust ya'll guns, 
Nigga, you know who you fucking with 
Got a thang thang with an extra clip 
Run the same game got an extra bitch 
Now. My chain hang same chain: 
Running trains on your main game. 
This ain't for play, play 
She came through and she came came 
Come again. You don't see the kind of niggas that I'm runnin' with 
You, don't see them gold chain and the gold frame 
Gold ring cold cocaine that she up against 
Six niggas that'll die for this 
Six niggas that are just too high for this 
Six niggas with the mac-10 Back click-clack boom bow motherfuckers gon na try
for. This 
Now tell me something 
Which, one of ya'll niggas need to tell me somethin' 
Cause, ya'll motherfuckers can't tell me shit. 
Where were you when I was in the cell this summer, 
Man fuck that 
Word to me ain't going back 
Free my nigga Sizzle. Let your nuts hang and hold your sack 
I'm trying to get this money cause. It'S all. I see in front of me 
I'm lettin' out this here, because these hoes be loving me 
And, these niggas wan na fuck, with that real shit 
I know real bloods. I know real crips 
Know bad hoes, who will strip 
I, got mad hoes on the real strip. 
Making, mad dough for a real pimp, 
I'm hillside till the teeth chip 
And. I'M still on that Queens shit. 

You see these fucking chains 
Yeah. They hang x2 
Bass up in the truck 
Yeah it bangs x2 
When. I step up off the stage. 
I do my thing: x2 
So, who the fuck are you to talk? Nigga x4 
Get, your crew and squad up 
World's, Fair? What up 
 
This, sound, triumphant 
Got me feeling, like I fucking made it 
Know. They stay high from the fuzzy purple outer space shit, 
 
We, making noise in our city, of course, we'bout it'bout. It 
Bitches wan na crowd around us 
Cause. We rowdy rowdy 
Face down ass up. She hitting high notes like Mariah 
Roll, my weed up after to go. Do as I desire 
Hit the streets looking cozy, but all my shit's designer 
With a model bitch she fine as hell high as hell. She love the ganja. 
She love the ganja 
Got one row for my wallet: 

UNFINISHED
 
