Getting Off on Jesus Lyrics
by 415 fossas.


Jesus Jesus greatest of all the diseases.

Kidnapping Christians from Church and making those cunt virgins please.
us.

Jesus, your love is my resurrection.

Just the thought of you has given me this erection.

You made water into wine.

The thought of you sent dicks up my spine.

Seeing your bronzed body up on that cross.

Enough motivation for me to shoot my white sauce.

You lived the life of a fucking prophet.

Get you back to my place, have you yellin aww shit!

My sex moves can be compared to that of a surgeon.

One thing I can guarantee, you mom ain't no virgin.

You made the blind see with your healing.

Put my dick in your mouth while you're kneeling.

Thou shall not work on sundays.

Shit I forgot how much I hate mondays.

Jesus, a man known for his moral cleanness.

Really? that boy was all over my penis.

You were my favorite preacher.

Those supple nipples were my favorite feature.

You died for our sins to allow for harmony and bliss.

All I see is rape and murder, you died for this?

Nailed up on that cross covered in mud.

Remember one thing, I cum blood.

Jesus Jesus greatest of all the diseases.

Kidnapping Cunt Christians. Behind the church we make em please us.

Dude came walking up with nails holes in his hands I told him better get.
those iced.

Pulled out his cock infront of me. I screamed Jesus Christ.

Adult man with long hair in a dress man that sounds kinda gay.

Satan wouldn't be caught lookin like that. Man that's all I'm gonn say.

If I got cancer I put my faith in a surgeon.

Fuck sitting around praying to a 33 year old virgin.

You stunned the jews cuz you could walk on the waters.

But I gunned down the jews and put my cock in their daughters.

I'm having a little trouble trying to express to you I'm sick.

How bout you jerk me off with holy water. Come on and bless my dick.

Mary the Virgin? Yeah right she fucked me and my whole crew.

Jesus dont cry I was just kidding I swear my moms a virgin too.

Fossas always take the wins and we block all the losses.

Christian Bosses say it's a sin when I rock the upside down crosses.

Putting the messiah in a hearse. Base living I'm an atheist.

