Going Hard Lyrics
by Sycosis.


You can drop me in the jungle. I'Mma make it to the top Drop me in the North
Pole I'mma make that bitch hot.. You can drop me in the streets. I'Mma make that
bitch pop. You can drop me in the streets. I'Mma make that bitch pop. 
 
She going hard for that bread, fast money and she catch it., Scented, lotion
and, perfume back room and she stretching. With her heels and her thong see
through shirt that she put on. Little top underneath barely cover up them. D'S.
 She been practicing her smile, 
new haircut to change her style. Said she saving up for school, been working up
here for a while., But as long as
ends meet and her son getting fed, she do splits on top of poles and in the
back she offer head. It ain't. Like
She really like it, but these niggas seem to. And her life is like a movie. And
This act is scene two.. You can't judge her cuz. You love her when she shaking
all that ass. Keep her head down low, but she looking at the cash.. If you broke, then she gone if you tipping
then, she on. It ain't right that she a stripper, but you happy that she wrong.
She too cute to work here and you start to wonder why.. Then she bend a bitch
over and start braggin that she bi.
You don't know her. Not at all, but you feel like you, do she throw them
titties in your face. They still feel like they new., That's because they
really are and she perfect, not a scar. You an average ass nigga. She still
treat you like a star., Its her job, 
its her job and she does it very well.. She ain't offering no pussy its that
dream that she sell. No phones in the club, but you still wan na call her. I got
a tip for you write your number on a dollar..she surving. 
 
He, going hard for that bread, since his momma said no. To them Tru Religion
jeans, and that North Face coat.
Older brother put him on half a key and quarter zone. Out of school for 30
days. He been trapping all month, long. Been to juvenile twice told the judge. He'D change his
life. Had a fifth of blue Ciroc and popped a Molly same night., Shorty wilding out his mind, but to him he on
his grind. Get this money stack this paper. Fuck, you mean! I ain't trying.
This, a cold ass world in the streets. No favor. Wear two crosses don't
believe in no savior. Plus he got a
pistol and to make it more official. If he throw a sign at you, hold your
tongue like a whistle., Cuz them niggas. That'S behind him. Ain'T fucking around.
Rip your chest. Through your shirt, leave the body on the ground. They surviving in these streets. Go for blood
then eat the meat. Break into your house at night and lay you down if you
ain't sleep. And he only 19 third child on the way. Plus he rap in his videos
they all holding K's.. They all holding weight. What you need, rocks or blows.
Impala lights, flashing pull up, they all froze .... They surviving .
 
