Goldie Lyrics
by Z-Mane.


Royalty Gang called that boy, King Henry, for this one 
 
Ok. Now, let's get down to business time to see who's, the realest 
My flow is the illest. You niggas just tryna catch the sickness, 
They just fish and I'm reeling. Sorry 
did. I hurt your feelings. 
I cut you, then you bleed, you cut me and my swag is spillin' 
I. Don'T trust that many niggas only mess with a few women 
Cause they're attitude is sour. They lookin' just like some lemons 
Man. That was just the beginning. My swag go up to the ceiling. 
Y'All say that Z-Mane ain't hot well, I guess you could say I'm chillin' 
It's. Just me myself and all these Royalty niggas. I came with 
They claim their saliva new, but they still sayin' the same spit. 
You say your flow. Is the coldest Naw nigga its the lamest 
I saw your girl last night and, let's just say she is now brainless: 
It's, crazy, niggas, tryna hate on Z, 
M, A N to the E 
Don't. You know that I will T.E.A.R. you niggas up like paper 
Compared to me you bugs and nigga. I am a skyscraper 
Hold up. That was 16 bars, but I ain't done yet 
They always tryna diss. So I ask if they havin' fun, yet 
I'll knock yo lights out, nigga! You ain't even seen the sun. Yet 
Oh you killin' the flow Well playa. I ain't seen the gun yet 
Me and my nigga King Henry stackin' up all this cheddar 
I. Don'T text these hoes know more man, they better write me a letter. 
I said it must be cause. A nigga got dough, see 
You still up in the bronze, but it's all about the goldie 
Nigga 
Z-Mane 
 
I said it must be cause. A nigga got dough. 
Extraordinary swag and a mouth full of gold 
Hoes at my shows they be strippin' out. They clothes 
Man them college girls write a nigga's name on their toes 
Niggas talk shit'til, they get locked jaw 
Chrome to your dome'til. You get glockjaw 
Party like a cowboy or a rockstar 
Everybody play the tough guy'til shit pop off 
 
Yes, I'm the king. Tell me, did you know 
Everytime you hear me rhyme you're gon na, like the flow 
Why, y'all niggas goin' slow. Yes, I'm sure you didn't know 
That your boy, King Henry gon na take over for sho' 
I, be peepin' on these niggas cause. I'M always stealin' shows 
But. After you hear me, rhyme, you're gon na wan na hear some more 
Whoa, even though you don't know how to flow 
Each time you rhyme is like you made it long ago. 
If you need help on rhymin'. Just go talk to a pro 
Z-Mane is the bro man. You already know 
Royalty nigga, that's the gang we reppin' 
So. If you tryna hate, then you can get to steppin'. 
Don'T hate on us cause we're the best we're far greater than all the rest. 
While we're in 1st you're, 2nd best and now to us you're, just a guest 
Yeah, it's Royalty Gang for life. 
No, we ain't got ta lie cause. We always shinin' 
Yeah 
 
Ok, it's Royalty Gang for life, 
Z-Mane King Henry yeah. We reppin' for life 2x, 
What up to J-Main What up to
Aaliyah, 
L.B.A. and T-Rone them my niggas. I see ya 
Caspa Loc yeah, he the king of it all 
It's, the boy Z-Mane and all we do is ball. 
 
