Good
by Sway UK.


The party was in the street, the after party was in the street.
Standing in the street, few longer then a sense of beat.
Then after sense of bleed they came with.
We got him more easy if I came out like.
Now it's back by the door, that's how we saw her.
True of 'she has to talk to us.
You look familiar, baby have I see you before?'.
She was like alright, caught like wired.
I think she said alright but he was too busy staring and they go to the bar.
about a fight.
Both flipping out there but they different style of the war.
'Can I speak to Lord', she's like, she got o shop, he said like.
'You must be here for got one remember from somewhere'.
You walking through my ugly days, I tell my mom to ring back.
He thinks that maybe she never phone and she sits back.
Maybe she's not alone and she just goes back with the kids dad.
Ring-ring sorry I left my phone at home.
You said you also left little brother alone.
Come on he's almost grown up, have shots around the corner.
When we linking up, ok, ok let's do it tomorrow.
Bye!

The good, bad, the ugly.
Always seems to bring you back.
The good, bad, the ugly.
True intentions always come back round.

Fast for the six day, the house the couch, try to kicking of.
He's trying all the trick but she ain't linking of.
He's like come on, what's all this about.
I'm getting soft, my blood it's rushing she's like no rushing.
That's push my pinches of.
Out side the door and now we're starves cause we're out the hands.
His cousin...need to told her that his out with friends.
She's on the bottom floor; she's open up the door.
Look what she's rocking on.
She tell him to calm down.
He's like no calm down, no take the.
I know this was a waste of time, we come and calm down.
She's like let's talk for a minute.
I don't even know what you do.
He said a hustle, she said what?
I don't say what you knew.
A text on the I-phone, ain't even ready, she grab it and take it.
'Babe I'm busted, do what you got to do.
Do you mind if I shot the.
Ooh if I'm getting.
She love, he love, the fight.
In the dark was discover, they ain't take no consequence.
So they shot it, the lights went on a right.
Because that fell on the floor just having the cousin.

