Goodbye
by Swerve & SYG.

Radio Scramble.

Winter, we meet again, camp fires,  just me you and syg and this bottle of.
Jack,  while we write away our lives with this pad and this pen.
Passing around this bottle like it's russian roulette...
You better tap it twice before u start throwing it back..  thats just out.
respect for the dead,  we don't pour out liquor, we toast to em' instead,  may.
you all have a beautiful life,  but if it all falls tomorrow and my beautiful.
wife,  decides to take my two daughters and leave me here with this mic,  i.
probably say that I would put up a fight, but the truth is I probably write a.
song,  and save me the time, release it online, let her hear it later.
Open letter to the world, we said it when we started.
There's never no secrets, no, so ever since we been together.
I've been prepared for the worst and everything in between it and more, and yo.
I always have a time day or month that I think that your leaving.. see, for.
me, survival mode is my norm, I trust not a soul, can't accept love at all. I.
never really know if they mean it.
And on this fight to be king, it's lonely little life that I'm leadin'...
It's only been 3 years since I spoke to my father, and to be honest, I don't.
even feel bad, I'm not even angry, I don't feel anguish, no pain left I don't.
even feel sad, feels like there's no one left there to feel at.. it just.
doesn't exist.. and I barely even speak to my mother, but at least I can say I.
still honestly love her, I just don't keep in touch with her as much as I.
wanna.
And if I leave it up to her i'll probably get a call sometime this spring or.
this summer, but fuck it.
This is my life, tune in if you choose, I'm just a hustla committed to.
spittin' the truth. bringing the real back..  everybody asks why I do it the.
way that I do. I just want you to feel that!  give you a puzzle or two, a.
piece to my past, so you can see my future, you're sewing the seems, I bet you.
didn't know that did ya?
I just hope you can spit out the bones, and eat all the meat.. do you know.
what I mean homie ? ..or did you think that was a gay joke?, its ok bro, your.
a little slow, but we still love you…
But for now you hear the beat bumpin? shits slumping isn it? lets just all get.
a drink now, egg nogg and Hennesey, roll up the weed y'all, lets just all make.
memory and vibe, vibe to the beat y'all let us all get in sync y'all.. vibe,.
vibe, vibe.
Vibe to the beat, vibe to the bet.. lets all say peace...

Living the life…
Living a life that's pain free, ain't so easy it's nothing alike with which.
what they put on my tv beautiful women i've had them and they were all crazy.
i'm seeing more beauty in truly the way you can treat me.
Living a life that's pain free, isn't as easy as it may seem is it for some?
or is that it maybe, is it we're dumb, or  all we are….are we all crazy??
I think that we are.
And if you do not, well then I give up but who gives a fuck? it's time to turn.
up when will I learn I would never give up i'm in prison I'm stuck to the.
rhythm like, fuck, anyway, what it do? let it rain, bring a thunder through.
bring a hundred, all I want is gloom, nah but that kinda sounded cool, huh?
rap is really all I know how to do how about you? how'd you do in school?
really well? wow, well that's really cool . Do I still rap? why yes I do… hm,.
I guess I do...
Living a life that's pain free, ain't so easy,  it's nothing alike with which.
what they put on my tv.  beautiful women i've had them and they were all crazy.
..i'm seeing more beauty in truly the way you can treat me...
Living a life that's pain free, isn't as easy as it may seem  is it for some?
or is it that maybe, is it we're dumb, or  are we all….are we all crazy??
I think that we are.

Radio Scramble.

