Got It All (feat. Eve & Jadakiss) Lyrics
by Ruff Ryders.


Some people blonde peeps red benji, something moving quickly, 
Out of town, how they gon na, find her moving swiftly. 
5 steps ahead of the best. Well, that's nothing 
20 steps ahead of the rest. They left something 
And. I base not want not can't stand. Broads 
Ridiculous niggas practice for the title'hard' 
Me pick of the litter. I was born to bubble y'all 
Born to chain game shit born to stand guard 
Play games. You left nameless fame ball, 
Promise that it's never painless, nigga be hard, 
Come and hope you can take the heat nigga. Let'S start 
Strong as a stallion babe, you got a dog 
And. She feminine with pretty women. Friends. All dimes 
Timberlands is how I, like my men in all mines, 
Ruff Ryde, you nigga hard head soft spine 
Pass. The word must have stacks to cross lines. 
 
Don't want your dough. I don't want your car 
Don't want your jewels, no, not at all 
With them. Other broads, you might rule it all 
Not with me. Sorry boo, I got it all 
 
A chick is a chick. A nut is a nut 
And. They always keep an attitude until you butter them up. 
Since, I ain't got ta, buy you stuff, 
Who's gon na hold you down. If they try to run in here and tie you up, 
Now, don't start flippin it everybody know. 
We been had dough ya, just started gettin it 
Money might make you grown 
But. You still need a dog to take you home and make you moan. 
You ain't got ta, see the bank for loans 
All. I do is party and bullshit, like when Frank was home 
And you got it all boo. I got it all too 
A. Four five and a six and they all blue 
And. I don't care what she thinks. 
If I offer you any ice, love it'll be in a drink 
And. Instead of talking about what you got and all that 
Just make sure. When I hit you, you call back, 
 
One touch will make a nigga blush on site. 
Grown men create a crush nails. They bite 
It's a game try to catch me, but only if you can 
Takes a lot to impress the bombshell, don't want a man 
And. It ain't about the dough baby Eve, alright, 
Cause, if Eve want to fly away Eve, take a flight 
Eve hungry for a meal baby Eve get a bite, 
Be nice and you might get to see your daddy's life 
 
Ma. I'M glad that you got it all more for me 
And, I don't got ta pay for the puss. I score for free 
And. The same thing I pulled on them. I pulled on you 
C'mon now how you think I pulled your crew 
Got, my own crib, so you can't kick me out. 
I call one of your friends to come twist me out. 
If, you know Jada-. Then you know what -Kiss be about 
Just for fun. I hit the bank and pull fifty out 
 
