Gotta Get That Cash (GGTC) Lyrics
by Ruste Juxx.


They call it the root of all evil. 
Whether, it's illegal or legal 
 Got ta, get that green paper with the eagle 
M-O-N-E-Y 
Just got paid and I'm rollin' 
Whether it's earned or it's stolen 
Homie. My pockets is swollen. 
 Got ta get that cash 
 
Juxx is guerilla killa for scrilla 
Maintaining remaining the top billa 
Green bag stack higher than Godzilla 
M-O-N-E-Y. 
Getting money is a habit. I can't break it. 
I get the looting and shooting and pull papes in 
I'mma blast for cash'till. I'M cakin' 
 Got ta, get that cash 
Hustling to get dough 
Work out. Building my muscle'till, it grow 
Ain't. Nobody blocking or stopping my cash flow 
I make it hot for guap. You ain't know: 
Big faces big bucks, unlimited 
Big trucks. I bought never rented it 
Big shoes windows, I tinted it 
Bulletproof gunshots. I prevented it. 
Cash rules everything around this man 
Been taking it ever since I found I can 
Bills high plus I got mouths to feed 
Contracts couple hundred thou'. I need 
G chasing on the run for the riches 
From grown heights, packing guns for them, snitches 
On, the star. Putting big dollar wishes: 
Hollywood holla paparazzis, taking pictures cause 
 
I'm talking buckets of duckets, some real currency 
Victor, the ruler. The muler is my unsurance, see 
Stacking cheddar forever that you can guarantee 
M-O-N-E-Y 
I love, feeling'em, peeling'em, dead presidents, 
My bank account amount is my evidence. 
Rearranging and changing my home residence 
 Got ta get that cash 
Out in Japan. I earn yens 
World tour, pulling in tens of millions, 
Copping Bugattis and that 212 Benz 
Spreading love sharing my ends with my friends: 
Big estates, condos, I'm buying them 
Big jets helicopters, I'm flying them. 
Big town businesses, I'm supplying them; 
Wick, wick, wack artists. I retire'em 
Cash rules everything around this man 
Been taking it ever since I found I can 
Bills high plus I got mouths to feed 
Contracts couple hundred thou'. I need cause 
, 
Benjamins Jackson, Washington, Lincoln 
I, be getting money'till, I'm dead and stinkin' 
Ain't about money. What the hell you, thinkin', 
M-O-N-E-Y, 
Benjamins Jackson, Washington, Lincoln 
I, be getting money'till, I'm dead and stinkin' 
Ain't about money. What the hell you thinkin' 
 Got ta get that cash 
 
