Gotta Be Real Lyrics
by The Undergods.


I just gotta be real, I just gotta be real.
I just gotta be real, I just gotta be real.

You got too much mouth and not enough action.
We still possess skills to spit them hot classics.
And to whoever, you'll never.
The new two man crew weather.
Trapped in a lyrical labyrinth.
You don't understand, keep listening, it will all make sense.
Our algorithms to the rhythms.
Make rappers look smaller than micro-organisms.

Masters of the Ceremony any territory.
Microbial terraforming, UnderGods farming.
For the first time in my life, I had to take a step back.
Rewind tracks and listen to the raps.
No directions, no interruptions, spit substance.
I'm nobodies spit puppet, I say what I want you take what you want from it.
Just move beyond your differences, don't run from it.
Two of the sharpest who ever done it show you why they love it.

Me and Bis started niggas wanting to rhyme.
So regardless of whether the Undergods gonna rise.
Grandma said let them keep talking as they long as they saying something.
Cos if they stop talking then you'll worry.
I know you love it, I don't know why you're flirting.
Why don't your bitch ass go get a facelift or something.
In the land of haters and pathological liars.
We give expressions to your greatest desires.

The body of an old man, the heart of Conan.
Smooth little motherfuckers dancing to slow jams.
Gotta keep it real, gotta make the record how we feel.
We don't give a fuck about a deal.
Hip Hop nostalgic give you fibromyalgic.
Canibus, Keith Murray, any one of our albums.
Tracks by the thousands for the Undergod album and counting.
The beat has something familiar about it.

Aiyo, I give you what I can cos it's just in my nature.
But stop begging, it will make people hate ya.
The world's too big, information's too vast.
Don't let your future fuck up cos of things in your past.
It took so long to get here, upon our arrival.
Turned into a heart warming story of survival.
Instead of tryna hate on everybody else.
Look in the mirror nigga and hate on yourself.

I look at myself, nowhere else for me to look at.
When you gonna start looking at where we took rap.
Heartfelt, my heart melt.
We are as incomplete as gold delve in the corner of a dark cell.
Even over beats like this we spit hard as Hell.
To them sellout emcees with burned out skills.
When we rhyme like this, you can hardly dismiss.
Canibus/Keith Murray, Keith Murray/Canibus.

