Grand Verbalizer
by X-Clan.

).

African, very African.
Come and step in Brother's temple, see what's happening.
Then taste the bass flow, coming from a zero.
Tell me what a sissy know! Funking lesson is a new flow.
Stalking, walking in my big black boots.
Living off the earth, eating herbs and fruits.
The children await me by the mountain and the river.
And gather 'round the fire for the scrolls that I deliver.
And speak of a house that's from the sand to the sky.
And devils ever-doubting, want to measure how high.
Your logic reveals you, your mind can't catch it.
Dimensions of a God goes far beyond brackets.
Come into my oven devils, come and you burn.
I can always beat a vulture with the strength in black word.
You're pissing me off because you swear you're higher level.
Back to your cave, get yourself together.
Chilly and Magilla, chocolate and vanilla.
How can polar bears swing on vines with the gorillas? Please.
Check your reasoning cause there's something amiss.
My home is the void, you drown in abyss.
I teach a funk code and don't preach a rap rhyme.
Harambe to the sun as the mortals ask time.

The funking lesson comes, the sun dial speaks.

The building of the strong on the lessons of the meek.

My science is deep, my blackness is deep.

Deep, deeper than Atlantis.
Deeper than the seafloor traveled by the mantis.
You copycats'll never know.
With you the funk'll never flow, but that's another blow.
Make your move beef apprentice, I never step.
I'm a tribal move your master hasn't figured yet.
Bring your weapons to my sword and shield.
What's the higher level if your shit ain't real!
My mystic magic, what'cha gonna do?
Think before you step before the rebel, silly mortal you!
I tried to warn you but your mind won't catch.
You're just cookies in my oven.
If I want to burn a batch you just burn!

Interlude: Professor X.
VANGLORIOUS!
THIS IS PROTECTED.
BY THE RED, THE BLACK, AND THE GREEN.
WITH A KEY! SISSSSSY.

Like this, like that and like that, like this.
How dark is the world, how strong is a fist?
Originals come from the sand and the sword.
To the concrete, fighting wars in the street.
The Day of Outrage, history another page.
You lack the word of this, but now there is a Brother J.
The Prince of Warriors, leading masses.
Stomp a little bit, punks playing asses.
The damn sissies always stalk for the glory.
Sissy bomb is comin, but that's another story.
So many people forgot where they came.
Disrespect religion, but their living is lame.
Blackwatch how you livin?  Flow in the Nile.
Teach the many mortals, the times of a sun dial.
To the East, teaching Gods to be.
What it was, what it is, and again shall be.
What's my mindstate if my state ain't black?
But Moses, Malcolm and Huey are back.
And the voice to a many going verb to verb.
Sit back and take heed, brother you must learn!
Swimming in the books and the books ain't giving.
The scales of a Blackman, weighs in the living.

Positive nature, mortals fall and curse.

Shadows in the sunlight, balancing the birth.

Tick tock tick we go sun to moon.
Verbalizer speaks it's a quarter to doom.
Self-destruction is not a key function.
Never rhyme the leaders cause the people keep fronting.
When will they realize? The Body needs Head.
It's more than what's said when a leader lies dead.
Come into the darkness, past is light.
Death meaning life as the pharaohs take flight.
Too much degrees for a silly pale thief.
You can't define what's direct from the East!
Gods protect me, he selects me.
God makes a path so the world respects mine.
Zero to nine, brandish creator.
I pray for those on both sides of equator.
Professor X, when will they learn?
Once life enters doors, death no return, no return.

Professor X.
This is an invitation, to the crossroads.
If you dare, SISSSSSSSSSY.
With a KEY!!

