Greene Eyes Lyrics
by Quelle Chris.


Listening' to rachet 
Music, made by niggas with bachellors 
Feeling, some kind of way, 
Really, it's a mask or 
Masquerade. These labels are after slaves, anyway, 
You get what you paid for 
But launder. What I take off 
They said: if I switch up persona I'mma take off 
I said: If I lift up this llama y'all will break north 
Pap-pap-pap-pap 
Y'all thought I was way. Soft 
That don't make me hard 
It either make me a liar or a felon 
But. Either way I'm rapping, so it's not like I embellish 
BK, is in my blood, not a Nets or a Knicks fan, 
We, the home team, I'm a checks and a kicks fan: 
Never scuffing it strip, clubs on payday 
Chicks, with fake asses, looking like Shanaynay 
Y'all prefer'em In glasses, 
Out of them spinning classes, 
Got'em singing in my living room like Ray J 
 
Mayday to the shayday fall apart, 
AM humans, payday me and you 
I'm, tired of eating rappers. What'S next on the menu 
If, I don't think you fly, then. Why would I pretend to 
Seems you into 
Ruinin' instrumentals 
Ew, with all that doodoo coming out your pens and pencils 
The, only sound piece of advice that I could lend you 
Is keep doing what you're doing it makes me look better 
Ain't. Nobody even checking for you anyway, 
See me out. You want to politic or spark a J 
I'll, be like Too bad man. I just stopped smoking. Yesterday. 
Now. Can my niggas just kick back and wax upon these random beers. 
 
Discussing rare chandeliers 
I've been the illest. Even since I was a Pamper, pee-er 
Don't need a so 
I'm on my own shit 
Coasting up an lampin there, 
Coastal of don't matter where 
East west fucking south 
Rose petals on the steps. Every time I leave the house 
Ay yo yo 
I'm, coming to America, 
Long trip from a place where English ain't the standard, 
Ah fuck 
Forgot. What I was bragging'bout 
Woke up wondering what the hell is swag about. 
I guess I've got to gut the new nigga 
Stress about it. 
I'Ve been around since Steelo was a noun shit, 
Rap retirement home yo 
It's, a line to take a piss over Watch The Throne 
It's a line, not a diss. If you watch the poem 
 And chill 
Eat'em up, Will 
Take a loss, learn the lesson every time that I fail. 
Make a mistakes couple stacks lost, oh well, 
It's with the paper break it down and rebuild 
 
Well. I don't know about you: 
But, I'm Brooklyn to the core 
Only five minutes left and I'm looking at the score. 
Cause, I'm something like the Nets. Always the underdog 
But always coming correct, 
Highlight it and underscore 
Taking all bets. I won't fumble with the ball 
It's a promise, not a threat. 
A lot of hunger is involved. 
Mind. Your speech when you're speaking with the nobles 

Any day of the week, got freaks at my disposal, 
I'm calling due both the pepperseed and the mogul 
The open. Like a oval, we roam like a mobile 
Phone black fist power in our vocal tone 
That's when you realize these guys got the key to life, 
A alikes, who Be alike and See alike, 
 
Shouts to the brotherhood of not give a fuckishness 
Eloquent ignorance, cunts leave'em, Succulent 
There's plenty in the sea. I just succumb to the puckerfish 
We naked blowing blunts in public 
Check, the bucket list, 
The emp wears no clothes, 
My hemp, odor, allures, 
The, scent drifts; they get lifted 
Float and follow their nose, 
My, poetry and prose rife with trite 
Mary, Jane 
Sayings and names names. Blame the ways I was raised: 
Said you were supposed to rise above 
Took that at face value, got high with a blunt to the face: 
Session 
Coughed Wesson out on the block 

My eyes, Raspberry Schweppes, concession, 
For, some it's too dense and too pungent 
Can't put. They thumb on my gems or loose nuggets. 
I know, Zeus is Jupiter, cooning is Cool. Runnings 
The, wise fool, 
Mule kicking the hood from the clutches of Klu Kluxes
 
