Grind Lyrics
by Yung Ro.


This, how we do it, where I'm from 
Chasin' that paper tryna race, the sun 
Griiind all day cuz, I got ta get pai-ai-aid 
 
Lil' Flip talking, 
Mh yo, uh, gyeah, ye uh uh, 
 
Now, where I'm from we be grindin' 
But. I thank god that I made it rhymin' 
Ye you wan na track. You got ta pay me dawg 
Until, then I'mma be at the playas ball 
Chuuch. I got that work. I got the pilsbury dough boy 
I'm in the hood with my boys, like I'm Doughboy 
I rock air force, oncs wit, my logo 
Straps, and ties cuz, I'm ready to ride 
Jump I dump heat as quich as I dump beats, 
And I'll be damned. If I let a broke rappa pump me 
I'm from the clover man, I tried to told ya man 
I blow doulja man, but I'm focused man, 
 
This, how we do it where I'm from 
Chasin' that paper tryna race, the sun 
Griiind all day cuz. I got ta get pai-ai-aid 
 
Ayy. Look. I got it on my mind. I'Mma go wit, my hustle 
And. If my word ain't shit, I'mma show with my muscle 
Ridin' wit, a stash I got mo in the muffler 
Ask about me. They say: ro is a hustler 
Like extra extra read all about it. 
I got x, n, x, n weed I'm about it, 
Cash, that is say man thats the reason 
When the spring fall summer, all grindin' season 
But. I ain't wit that phone you can hit me on my beeper 
Got, affordable price, come and holla at ya. People 
You coppin' tryna play got ta taxin on the game. 
Niggas, like ro, you trippin, but niggas done, did the same 
 
This, how we do it where I'm from 
Chasin' that paper tryna race, the sun 
Griiind all day cuz I got ta get pai-ai-aid 
 
Koopa. I got plado cutting my money like silly puddy, 
A girl, with good credit with a crib in Philly for me, 
Dorm, room, dykes that don't like to really study. 
That love me enough to show ya the choppers. My ish is ugly 
Chamillionaire modden day shakespeare, 
Shake, fake pears, make'em sound like they behind eight years 
Hey, it's time to show you how to get a gram. 
Rims tickin' in the clock, wise motion like a minute hand, 
Tell me who realer than me I am king 
Act, like crayola wit, my crayolas and supply. My green 
My coach told me chamillion theirs. No, I in team 
Well try this ring and tell me if theres an I in bling 
 
This, how we do it where I'm from 
Chasin' that paper tryna race, the sun 
Griiind all day cuz, I got ta get pai-ai-aid 
, 
Ay, ay, 
The, roosters, crowin'! No time for snorin' 
Money grow on trees, time to rake the lawn 
Life, a movie I'mma the star in the tape is gone. 
I. Do my chores clean the glass make sure the paint is glowin 
Grab, a chicken off the farm whip, it n take it's grown. 
Grab, a dollar wit, the dimes hoes this day done gone, 
I, clap behind niggas that hate I'm flowin', 
Give a damn. If I hit'em n penetrate his grown 
You, think my man flip hold hand cuffs for fun. 
These, hoes, bring'em back huns that don't strip for ones 
We, drink, armadale, vodka, we kissin' pladaon, 
Take trips to porto rico, to take dips in ponds, 
, 
Firt, nigga, ignoring 
Till. He seen the 22's moon walkin' on the floor n 
My life, I'm enjoyin'. If it ain't about no money, then the conversation boring 
I'd like to sound sorry for loosin n wreckin. The clubs that we tore in 
Hold up mayne Hold up mayne. It'S an old time. Thang 
 
Chicken heads poppin' brauds to see where the rocs sit 
But. They ain't got ta, look long. They on top of the wrists 
Plus, I'm in the drop six in the missing top fixed 
Ya boi shop in hell cuz. All I buy is hot shit, 
In other words I been to hell and back 
Rappin' and sellin' crack and sprewells on the lac. 
Yuh boi teach that ho how to act. 
Cuz we run trains of hoes jus like rail road tracks. 
Now go grab a gat, but I hope you don't come 
To. My hood set trippin' like you got a gun 
But. If you do dawg, I hope you ain't the only one 
Cuz you get beat up so bad you'll forget where you from 
Nigga what nah? I'M sayin nah, I'm sayin 
The, hell wit ya'll niggas nah, I'm sayin 
 
Yung Ro, Talking 
This how we do where we from fa real 
 
This, how we do it where I'm from 
Chasin' that paper tryna race, the sun 
Griiind all day cuz I got ta Get pai-ai-aid
 
