Grown Simba (Fuck Pretending) Lyrics
by Uniq Mic.


One time 
Its for the realest 
Realest shit, I ever wrote man 
Shout out to King Cole. 
I just had to jump on this beat man 
One of the realest niggas. I know 
Lego 
 
Tell my girl not to play this. She will lose her mind 
Tell. My momma not to play this. She will not find 
Wisdom within these lines, but G's Will like thugs intention 
Should. I mention U bout to hear my confession: 
Still going to school, but sure if I wan na 
If it wasn't for the ulcers. I would be on Hennessy and Marijuana 
Forgive me mama, but the world has to know am not The Son of Man 
For. Those who think a condom would av prevented this. U dead wrong, it was all
a plan, 
I'm, God's Gift and a pain in the ass like anal sex, 
Young nigga, but rap like I got the six 
Written on my forehead and on my wrist 
The. Only nigga who's seen the sun set in the east. 
And still exist, 
Got a twisted a life way. It seems God never took a rib from my pack 
Coz. All my girls cheat fuck 
 
Don't confuse me am not cursing. Coz am tryna fit in 
I'm, jux pissed. U know feeling 
Fuck pretending 
Why, you looking at me like that. U know the feeling 
Fuck pretending 
If I die, let it be known: 
Fuck pretending, 
, 
Am, never tryna fit in am too big for this world. 
I know how Hulk feel Grown. Simba the world too, cold 
Its. Why I'm riding on a Cole beat 
Still ain't got cold feet. Nigga got happy feet 
Cut my wrist and no blood come out, 
Without a doubt. 
Am cold and bold 
And still raise hell like continental drift, 
Like Tailor. I was born. Swift 
Bout to take the world by surprise its my shift, 
Got, a life that can't be described by a metaphor, 
Plus a girl. I keep asking why I met her for 
I met a lover, but sometimes its like. I met a foe, 
This, the typa life. A nigga should get a medal for 
I, reached the end of the world and jumped right off 
Into. The abyss landed in 36 
I jux record my life. I can never be off. 
Point tell Genius to decode the torch about to pass 
 
Don't confuse me am not cursing. Coz am tryna fit in 
I'm, just pissed. U know feeling 
Fuck pretending 
Why! You looking at me like that? U know the feeling 
Fuck pretending 
If I die. Let it be known: 
Fuck pretending, 
 
Why. U judging! We all know! U just lying to yourself. 
And. I ain't budging coz. I know exactly what am worth *2 
 
Freestyle 
This is like Jay Z. Talking about his cars. 
This is like Kanye ain't caring bout, your mental scars 
This is the truest that ever came out of Malawi, 
I'm. Taking my time with this just to sound sawi 
Y'all already know we taking it over 
With. Only a freestyle ama make take your careers over 
The edge. 
And make sure you niggas never come back 
I'm taking my time every time that i rap 
Illest nigga alive. That'S how am feeling 
Thinking what if I was the realest nigga alive and not knowing 
 
Don't confuse me am not cursing. Coz am tryna fit in 
I'm. Just pissed: u know feeling *2 
Fuck pretending 
Why! You looking at me like that? U know the feeling 
Fuck pretending 
If I die, let it be known: 
Fuck, pretending, 
*2
 
