Hades Lyrics
by Bodi.


Well well…its been a minute.
Since we kicked it, how's your life? Have you found out how to live it?
Are you waiting for some footsteps to follow to begin it?
Have you finally realized you're a normal dude with limits?
Alex: Who you kiddin? You ain't a kid no more.
So your'e only growing older, what you got that ego for?
Seeking more validation than a parking lot.
So you're taking more cuts than a barbershop.
And um...It's kind of hard not to judge you.
Pushed away almost everyone whose loved you.
Then you run to your pen and pad confessional.
Put on the headphones, and crank up the decibels.
Go between heart on sleeve and treating words like ventricles.
And acting like you got the biggest pair of brass testicles.
What you done to help the world you say you'd die for.
A cyborg behind your glass house, eyesore.
Who you think you save with these little rap records?
Acting like you're jesus in a world trapped lepers.
Never know better than to sever connections.
Tether those feathers to the ground for protection.
Used to dream big now you don't get outta bed.
Til the sun comes and it's half way to the end.
Someday you'll give it all up finally your skin will go rust.
Finding what little you trust now turns into dust.
Ignore it all you want, it's the truth.
Look into the mirror to your soul's window proof.
The noose is growing tighter, you can try to wrestle me.
But even as a fighter I will bring you down eventually.
Down to your knees, how will you breathe.
In gasps let it rattle, you think you'll win the battle?
Free them demons peep some freedom, leave em all behind don't need em.

Nah I don't think so.
Aim high swing low, sweet chariot rolls.
Ruin what you're touchin Mr. Rogue you're turnin somethin.
Into nothin it's disgustin now you're rushin to the finish line.

You'll see you're nothin special just a bag of bones and chromosomes.
A protozoan evolved and grown who made a home a page of poems.
And make it known you fake it lone til date and name engrave the stone.
What you think, I'm a devil on your shoulder?
If that's the case where's the other one to keep the order?
I'm in your head, in your brain, in your consciousness.
You know there's only one way for stopping this.
How about giving a Kalashnikov a kiss?
Or drawing an X with a knife across your wrist?
But wait - since you know I exist.
You can see I'm not you and make me powerless, shit.
Listen - I said listen to me.
You can't shut me out.
I will bring you down, I will bring you down now.
Don't go on a mission to see.
The beauty that resides in the eyes of your neighbor.
Or the love in your life that might be your savior.
Or the reason you were born to spread your message onto paper.
OK fine, you win this time, but.
I'll see you later.
I'll see you later.

