Hallucinogenic Shakespeare Lyrics
by Yungjay.


I'M, Suicidal and also a procrastinator 
I would kill myself, but I think I will do it later. 
Inspired by G-Unit
cuz. I don't give a fuck 
Laughing to the banks, while I'm kickin out them young buck's, 
Slangin yayo, with a
payroll larger than the game. So 
Expect me to come through, like a tornado, 
I'm, the cape crusader in the mind frame of a terminator 
I'll, admit: yo bitch got my into dominatrix 
Face it fake shit, 
ain't, nothing to play wit 
Hold, my nuts in the mouth, that tangy taste you better save It 
Like Nintendo homo
I got clips like Rambo 
This is the type of expression that you can't handle. 
I emit Emotion like a large form of ammo 
The sound of recession. Burns your ears like a candle 
After. This I'm onto meeting up with Santa 
Sell em drugs delivering packages 
Faxes of the plants he wanted got me heated, 
I fuck, miss clause on the 25th cause she needs it. 
Contemplating life like hamlets, third soliloquy 
To be or not to be 
That's. The question ask by Yungjay 
Raping Ophelia 
Cause, I'm a necrophilia 
Eat the beat throw up words, Bulimia, 
I'm, Taking and raping all the mistresses 
On October 31st, a sinful bliss as promised 
Demonic cataloged
 my monologues shit 
Refuse to choose my new dialogue, bitch 
An, I steam you And eat you like what they do in China, Dog 
Your, a minor fox 
I'm, a grade, A Al Qaeda bombs, 
Applied arms with weapons kept in the stash box. 
Rob you out on Halloween in all black, with masks on 
Stacks on stacks, on stacks Racks, on racks. On racks, 
I would've denied sex with her, but her ass was just soo fat, 
I fucked this bitch on the mat. In the back of an Elton John Concert, 
Ironic cause He's Gay. I made my girl squirt 
Fuck, I'm a pervert Still colder than sherbet 
Quicker than swiffer and slicker than fuckin. Silk, 
Aerodynamic and more eccentric than M.I.L.F's 
Ill admit. Shakespeare had great composure, 
Love remains in the eye of the beholder 
And. The person you love is never up. For 
It play hard to get time will ruin it. 
Time is the equalizer in life getting wiser, 
Lager, faster, better and more adaptable to human conditions. 
What happens when you have some fun time is missin 
When, your being tortured more time is watchin 
Losing my mind when I'm studying time 
Cause sit down at 3 blink and it's 9 
I envy the ignorant cuz its true bliss 
I'm, not joking. When I say I envy the stupid 
Cause, they know no better got me so fed up 
That ill, send a UPS truck to deliver bombs with a fed, ex's trucks. 
From the ironical impact the world will blow up 
Nothing left, so I catch the nearest bus 
I. Recreating grey matter into grey slush 
I can recreate it in just one touch: 
But seriously: fuck life. I'Ve had enough 
Nothing left in the dust Adios 
Emotional time, so I grab the piano, 
Sad slow flow homo.
 I think not
 
No particles to exist, but I still make it hot 
Make it rain on nothing. I know its happening, 
I envy the perfect. That'S Why I'm practicing 
 
