Halo Lyrics
by 3 Melancholy Gypsies.


We are 
3 of the most talented individuals to ever surround a microphone and bring
what you deem lyrical 
The spiritual flawed., The audio immaculate 
You'll. Never be this fresh, no matter how many raps you spit. 
I'M passed your shit. I'Ve mastered it 
Get, blasted by a faster wit, 

And. The footnote reads: Anyone found listenin' in opposition will be afflicted
with a condition and internally bleed 
Proceed 
Into the magic of the 3 
We authentic. In the game you a facsimili 
I just have to be me: 
I'm a bastard. You see 
Not happy unless the battle ends. Disastrously, 
That style, you just shot Bulls number 23. 
Meaning. What you think is new is just a throwback to me: 
I rock, that drop that go back to me. 
Which is lightyears ahead: 
Mic searin', red 
Borderline, telepathic, meaning, if you get swift 
I, can hit the right switch from right here in bed, 
LIGHTS OUT 
From, the youngest in the bunch 
Since. Then anybody wanted battle, brung a lunch 
And. If I swung a punch, cooler heads prevail, 
Cooler than whale dick slower than snail shit, 
Time 
That. It took to get here: 

 MURS, x, Eligh, 
3, M G 
We here to caravan the globe until we set the world free, 
 
Yo. We started in the L.A. scene: 
A cool ass team of kids, cuttin' school, like guillotines 
Skippin' classes, hoppin' fences for the love of MCin' 
Writin' raps. While you was runnin' laps in PE and 
MURS and E and Me see, we is what your callin' clean 
Category of allegory we 3MG'n 
Submarinen' on the under, like your arm, broke 
Surface to air missile. A riddle. That'Ll leave your perception of. What'S fresh
ripped and rittled 
So. You can poke your eye through and view a clearer picture, 
Get a richer sense of scripture from the rhymes. We spit ya. 
Now picture this. The world is a field of dreams 
And we up at bat like the police, vs. Rodney King 
3, L.A. kings with the means to bring a new ring to this musical thing. We all
know and love 
Ya'll need to bump this loud 
I push the pen like the birth of a child 
Bring a new born sound to the crowd 
Digest this here, as if it was your last supper, 
Then hold it tight, like your deepest secret 
Or. How my sneaks fit 
Grand Caravan is the movement 
To. The Rim of the World is the destination 
With skills that fuck with ya, like fornication 
It's all beat all heat 3 wise men on the grind, 
This, just the first step in the journey. The fortunes soon to unwind 
The futures ours. I know it's hard to believe 
But. It'S all there, like the reading of palms, 
I'm gone 3MGeesus, 
, 
, MURS, x, Eligh, 
3, M G 
We here to caravan the globe until we set the world free, 
 
Never been so addicted to the microphone like right now, 
Injecting heroin directly into a jet engine. 
Blow back wigs of you, throwback kids, when I show that sketch of the style 
Stretched over time 
With a rhyme like mine, can't help to define a mind like mine, 
It's, an intellectual extraterrestrial, celestial body of mist, 
With a twist 
Open, your bottle cap 
POOF 
Emerge, a Gypsy tipsy with urge to surge a fist 
Into, the urgent-ness of the situation at hand 
What. Could it be 
Who could achieve anything that they believe 
They could if they say what they meant when they needed to say it 
Play it loud 
Say. It Proud 
The tightest and the brightest star in the hemisphere 
Lightest bars for the heaviest ears 
Got. This far might as well clear 

Doesn't matter what your status is: 
There's, badder, kids from the front to the read 
Especially one of these 3 here 
Next generation flex, penetrations 
Same motherfuckers, like tuna, appear on the dock of the bay like a catch 
Of the day. 
Which way you wan na see it when I prefer to marinate 
They cook my style by the rays of the sun 
Sometimes I play for fun this time for keeps so release my livelihood 
I'm highly lowdown 
With a rhyme patter. That accelerates then slows down 
Which. One of you wants to see first hand on the Grand Caravan to the land, of
the lost and found 
On the rebound 
Scientific measurement put into every word in my regiment 
As. If it's not so evident when I rip it down for my president 
The green ones, not the demons 
Not from the seaman of a he-man or a wee-man 
But, an alien 
Alias Gandalf, the Crow 
Why. Is it that way? I say so: 
You say you can flow. I say No 
Opinionated prophet proving your proverbs like Plato, 
Melancholy will never folly'till brain covered by halo, 
HA-LO
 
