Hands in the Air Lyrics
by XFlo.

Nigga, you trippin, you testing your luck. 
Scary ass niggas! We making you jump 
Winning ass niggas. We don't give a fuck 
Rolling two up and I'm pouring one up, 
Everyday shit. If you fucking with us 
We having some fun and paying for funds 
Getting the paper till it looking dumb 
If you looking at me, you should look at a gun 
Going to war. With these niggas fuck y'all 
I'm, a beast I'mma dog I'mma, give you the paws 
Cracking yo jaw i been breaking em off 
Dumping off work leave yo ass with no job 
Wait pause.., kiss ass, don't slob on my knob 
I am the knight i stroll through dark 
Shining my light i done broke off the knob 
 
The game. In my thread, like I'm, sewing up knots 
When running to bread. I got two pairs of socks 
Double my work like I'm raising
the stocks, 
Talking bout work, I'm rarely not 
If life was business. Then you should just stop 
Cus. My work is hot and yo shit is not 
I'm popping like rocks. I can make yo teeth, rot 
Grind, on my words, cus. I'M spitting that rock 
All in yo system. You feeling me knock 
I ask for permission when spilling my thoughts 
Ask for forgiveness, when picking this lock, 
I'm killing oppression and dodging these thots 
Sending out shots while gripping my cock 
I follow my happiness word to John Locke. 
Tell me what's happening, I'm lost in the sauce, 
And niggas. You know it cost to be the boss, 
 
Baby, I'm gravy, I'm not with that talk. 
You are way: sexier walking that walk 
But. Ladies ain't shady, these hoes love to flaunt 
All of their body but mad when talk 
Mad when we taunt ... they're full of that shit, i put in font, 
You should read it out loud, so they ain't lost, 
I'm, shaded and faded, but not feeling dull 
Sharp. As a tack, i could never be null 
Bitch, I'm awake. I used to be lull, ... 
Learned to push so i never pull 
Any strings or get rich schemes 
About my own knowledge and my own dreams. 
So. You should pay homage when you notice me: 
And carry my name down in history: 
 
She's backing it up, while I'm racking it up, 
Just sacking it up, while she's acting it up, 
If she's acting it up, then I'm drafting her up. 
Just clap-clap-clapping, it up! 
Club anthem, we rounding em up 
After party, we turning it up. 
Good trees, stay burning, em, up, 
Hidden keys, I'm stocking em up 
 
Hands in the air. If you don't give a fuck 
And. If you do, then you just fucking up 
Off the dome bitch. I got lean in my cup 
Weed in my blunt three G's getting stuffed 
Hands in the air. If you don't give a fuck 
And, if you do, then you just fucking up 
Off the dome bitch. I got lean in my cup 
Weed in my blunt three G's. Getting stuffed 
 
Flowing, like epilepsy electricity, XTC 
X too crazy. What they say to me: 
Freestyle frenzy: that's OTD, 
We, the new best fuck, that old team 
On; some acronym shit, I'm boutta, OD, 
And, hopefully i'll. Finally, rest in peace, 
And pray to god, my soul, to keep 
Peacefully I'm the missing link 
I could fit in. But that wouldn't be me 
Stuck in illusions of reality. 
So i stand up and out so i can be free. 
To do as i want and do as i please 
And you can trust that bitch no make believe 
What ever. I think my mind can achieve 
Real nigga speaking bitch fuck yo speech 
MLK. I dreamt yo dreams, 
I spit some shit that you'd never see underground. I'M planting seeds, 
In yo pores, like mabelline 
Getting, caked up's, the recipe 
And getting baked up's my specialty 
Skywalker, that's oG, 
You niggas ain't know me 
 
I'm searching for spiritual remedies. 
Instead i see criminal felonies, 
Reciting habitual melodies 
Until. I feel people is feeling me 
Right. Now niggas belittle me 
Bitch, I'm a trill-oG. You cannot riddle me 
This or that no balancing beam when I'm scaling these fiends 
 
Hands in the air. If you don't give a fuck 
And, if you do, then you just fucking up 
Off the dome bitch. I got lean in my cup 
Weed in my blunt three G's getting stuffed 
Nigga, you trippin, you testing your luck, 
Scary ass niggas! We making you jump 
Winning ass niggas. We don't give a fuck 
Rolling two up and I'm pouring one up, 
 
Hands in the air. If you don't give a fuck 
And, if you do, then you just fucking up 
Off the dome bitch. I got lean in my cup 
Weed in my blunt three G's, getting stuffed 
Everyday shit if you fucking with us 
We having some fun and paying for funds 
Getting. The paper till it looking dumb 
If you looking at me, you should look at a gun
 
