Hang With Me Lyrics
by Ty.


Ex see im guwaped up, she wonna hang with me, 
But i'll, spend it all. In one day it ain't a thing to me: 
In that bendo van ridin' out west brainin' me 
She, told her whole crew. Ty was bang bangin' me 
Chicago is my city yeah, but mason thats, my hood tho 
Trinna get me jumped on man. I wish you wood ho 
Now im makin' songs about these niggas in the studio 
Playin' my shit up on they phone and plugged it in the radio 
She like the way i grab my dick now she wonna fuk me doe 
Smokin' on that green. Damn im feelin' like piccolo 
To me is halloween, but ain't. A muhfukin', scorpio 
You gone, see sum thots with me. Every where i go 
They be showin' me love in the hood. They call me folio 
I fuked that bitch every where her hair look like coolio 
50. My favorite rapper hope he sign me up to interscope 
Fuks with Beats By Dre fuks, with SMS Audio 
Never talk to opps man fuk, the CPD 
You think i care about these bitches. They can catch me in the streets. 
I'Mma fukin', solider, camouflage on me. 
But ain't tappin' out intill. My mission is complete, 
Off the lean and im smokin' man, it's all in my vain 
Feel, like im, goin', 100 bars and runnin' feelin' like the game, 
She fuked, the whole crew, god damn thats a shame. 
Whole time she a thot fukin' for the fame 
Long hair thick red bone from puerto rico, 
These niggas lion, ain't, talkin' bout, a leo 
Ridin' with a bad bitch tatted like amigos, 
Bitch, I'mma, taurus and it time to get trio, 
I kno that she thotin'. But she keep sayin'. She lovin' me 
Hand cuffs around my wasted. Now all these hoes shovin' me 
Gave her ass, my # now. She won't stop. Buggin' me 
Runnin' trains on her. She say: T-Y, you conducting me 
Kezzy, F and Dlo. They will ride for me 
Call. My homies tell em call they homie come slide on me, 
Im bout to insane cuz. These niggas done lied on me, 
Call, my manz up it bout to be a homicide, homie 
Bendo behind a bendo man, it's ova with 
Ridin' like safe, auto just-in case thats, who im beefin' with 
Silver and purple on call me freezer, cuz, im, freezin' shit, 
They treat Me, like tha army cuz. I just keep achievin' shit. 
Own, save money thats why own fuk, with geico 
All, these niggas movin' out my way like a iso 
All, my niggas posted on the coner like a light pole, 
Link cards and them master cards. I dnt swipe. Those
 
