He Hate Me Lyrics
by Rustie.


He hate me and you love me.
Basically we fuckin'.
Basically I got you twitchin' like a basshead.
Taste it and you love it.
I ain't talkin' to none of you bitches specifically.
You off the Remy and Whitney, I get it.
If you with me, let's get it.

She's blind to the money, she can't see my digits.
She wanna get deep then, alright.
Now I can't see my digits.
And that line was nasty, you prolly don't get it.
But I know that she feel it.
Show up at Diddy's party wearin' all black.
With a white bitch in a ball cap.
Prolly says somethin' stupid on the front.
But her ass look stupid from the front.
Don't take it to heart, we ain't takin' this far.
The fuck you want from me? It's nothin' but frontin'.
I know that you love me, I know that you'll suck me.
If you saw me bummy or stuntin'.
Prolly in public, God I'm disgusting.
The way that I function is higher than you could aspire to.
White lighter fire to rivals who lied to you saying they next.
Messiah reside on her breast, rapidly rising with every breath.
We sinning it's dirty, she said some Hail Mary's.
And then it was back to the head, back to black on the black.
And I'm driving in space shit that don't even make any sense.
Quick to react and send dogs on attack.
It's a wrap, if I snap, then they hopping the fence.

She ain't off the liquor, but still getting twisted.
Her toes to the ceiling, she teaching me this shit.
Cause she bout geometry, I'm bout the physics.
And that line was nasty, you probably don't get it.
But I know that she feel it.
Show up, top down.
Thom Browne, I'm gettin' money now.
Can't fuck around with y'all fuck-arounds.
Cause I don't fuck around with being underground.
Parlay with pavé, Balls hang in Balmain.
Phone rang like I sold yay, them feds watching me all day.
Aye I hope they send me this tape, cause Courtney love me.
God damn she blew them brains out today.

I got some things I could say.
But fuck that I'm ballin' today.
Fuck all y'all, I'm on my way.
To fuck all y'all, y'all in my way.

You just wanna die, you just wanna die for a minute.
I just wanna dive in it, leave my autograph in it.
When they ask you how im livin'.
I tell em that this ain't the kid that ya'll knew.
And nah you can't visit me, Delta dont fly here.
Don't act like we ever been cool.
Bae lets not fight it'll go to decision.
And I paid the judges so I'm always winnin'.
Take off that belt lets get back to the sinnin'.
Lets get back to the sinnin'.
Bae lets not fight it'll go to decision.
And I paid the judges so I'm always winnin'.
Take off that belt lets get back to the sinnin'.

