Head Count Lyrics
by 67.

Asap 
Dem man are other side. I can't trust my cousin 
I will smoke opp on my fuckin' brothers. My mothers 
I got mad hate for dem under covers 
Tryna lock man up til, mans, 30 suttin' 
I got bagged of grub, told the officer I weren't serving nuttin' 
Bare talk from dem bitch boys when they see us they're, cuttin', 
Chef man up on the main road. You know Asap loves it 
Free young M. He don't listen he's so. Fuckin' stubborn 
I'm tryna go ham, 
25 shot's in the mac. That'S for your whole gang 
Skeng in the 4 door truck I'm tryna go ham 
25 shot's in the mac. That'S for your whole gang 
, 
Monkey 
Fiddy, shot don't play 
16. Man are still OJ 
If. It was not for the chro and yay 
Live J, that's bro from day 
Live corn. When I bang that tre 
In skengs, we trust when I rise up. Suttin got dead up today, 
Suttin got dead up today, 
Why niggas, adding that K 
Got 6 shots in that spin spin long. You don't wan na come my way. 
In Felts got my man wrapped. All that we did was pay 
Made. Some next boy squat wanted that pack that day 
Finessed that pack, that day 
Role up smoke up where you stay 
Skengs out smoke him Skdrr. Then I go chill with bae 
Take a trip to the 8 with gang 
Bro like where are they 
Take a trip to the 8, with gang 
Link CD and K? 
You? Don'T wan na get dip by dip dat on the back road? It'S cray 
Skeng can't fit in the pocket. Long chopper look like a cane Fiddy Shot. 
Guns! That'S why they betray 
Roll and smoke with gang suttin got dead up today, 
Suttin got dead up today, 
 
LD 
\ -- -- Got a shank by his arsehole 
Flip that shank mans face. Now. He got shitface for actin a arsehole 
I wrap that box smoke amn. When I bust that parcel 
I'm a king in the 6 and the whole of Brixton, my castle 
I mean the whole of south west. My castle 
I got boxes of amn plus skengs on the block with gunners like Arsenal. 
I ain't tryna go back jail man. My Thameside days, I was chillin with rascals. 
Smokin all of the amn done a whole load of road for the gang 
I smoke. Man in the face with a coat 
3 2 same size as a can 
 
Dimzy 
There's bells. In the dots there's crayons in the mop, if you lack that's long, 
When manaman turn up with the dots. I see. Man run chip up and jaws 
Still OT with that white girl. But this white girl ain't, your average blonde
 
Crash man down on the backroads. Speeding couldn't give a toss about humps
 
Nuff amnesia in my rizla rass that now manamans all slumped 
I do nuff road with the bros, but I fly OT and I'm 2 packs up 
I. Remember, young days those push bike days like 2 shanks up 
Get the job done with skengs in a 4 door truck. It'S a must
 
