Heartless Lyrics
by Viro the Virus.

Viro The Virus.
Yo.

I deal with inner demons and have no idea when they're leaving.
So I keep bobbing and weaving.
It's a sad cycle and the facts of life.
Distract you from the path that's right.
Like bad advice from the deacon.
In my apartment in the dark just drinking.
With my wagon hitched to a tugboat that's sinking.
Got a toddler but only see her every weekend.
Cause after two years my baby mom said I'm a heathen.
Picked up and left one evening, like you're a nightmare.
Not the man that I thought I saw when I'm dreaming.
My mother gave up, weary from when people askin how I'm doing.
She says stuff that she makes up.
If this a bad dream than please help me wake up.
Cause I've taking too much and had enough, so.

Man all I know is.
My life's like playing poker with the devil.
Get dealt setbacks caus he got the deck stack so.

Man I don't know but.
I stand tall though my back's against the wall.
A cold world is not cool at all....

Viro The Virus.
Sometimes I have to lose my mind.
Cause being sane is terrible when the pain's unbearable.
And I ain't lying.
Just tryin' to find a path to get back on track.
Cause life's been kicking my ass like a hackey sack.
It's difficult to seek enjoyment with all the people you love.
You leave with dissapointment.
And getting up seems pointless in the morning.
If I can't afford to buy my daughters' diaper rash ointment.
Got a warrant so the pigs be oink oinkin'.
Can't carry ID, I know they'll stop me.
I got a streak for losing.
But everyday gotta keep it moving.
Cause the world don't stop be.
Girls be sweating the V, just want to carry my seeds.
Still I've lost the love of my life twice.
So something ain't right.
And I need to fix it instead of bringing my liquor more ice.

Viro The Virus.
I really need to change my moves.
So I'm thinking 'bout changing my tunes so I can regain my groove.
Cause being a functional alcoholic or whatever you wanna call it lately ain't.
been cool.
Lost my girl, lost my job, hurt my mom, then left all alone just like a jerk.
at the prom.
Day to day I'm fighting with father time, but losing the war like it's.
Hiroshima vs. the bomb.
I feel like I've been forsaken by satan.
It's like a bad dream and I'm praying to be awaken.
Private burdens make me feel my back aching.
Feel my will to live being taken.
But they say that quitters never win and winners never quit.
So instead of slit my wrist I sat and wrote this.
Cause music's therapeutic, and without it I would lose it.
So I use it.
And wonder....

Yeah, it's quite simple, really.
Even the average Joe has problems of his own that you don't know.
).
That's real rap, reality rap niggas, real talk.

