Heartbreak Hotel Lyrics
by Tyler Cassidy.


They say that love will find you when you least expect it.
I never thought I'd see the day I'd find someone so precious.
When I sit down to write I see you on every page.
I could stare at you for days you could make me change my ways.
I tell you Im gon' make a way then you fade away.
Now I'm sittin' here at home alone with 50 shades of grey.
And all that I can think about is you.
So tell me why I feel your breath on my neck, I'm all alone in this room.

But it's like I knew from the start you was gon' hurt me.
You was gon' love me then leave me and desert me.
So who else can I blame but myself.
Got nothin' but this picture of your face on this shelf.
Maybe I'm not a man, maybe there's something wrong with me.
Wish I could find the reason you don't wanna write a song for me.
Wish I could find the reason why I'm stuck on you.
Wish I could find the reason why I can't break through.

Cause girl I don't just love you, I live for you.
And there ain't nothin in this world I wouldn't give for you.
You got my heart locked up and I can't break free.
Cause I love this girl, but she don't love me.

Why do I always fall in love? boys ain't supposed to fall in love.

Boys are supposed to brag about the girls that they tricked.
Boys are supposed to laugh about the hearts that they ripped.
Why do I love deep?
And why can't I sleep?
And why is there only just me in these sheets?
And why do I miss you?
Girl why do I miss you?
I'm a grown man, why do I got this box of tissues?
I swear to God, if its the last thing that I do.
I'mma kiss you on the cheek and I'll fall asleep next to you.
Cause when I find something that I want I always get it.
Girl if I had a genie you'd be all 3 wishes.
But now, you had me.
And you say you don't want me.
I try not to think but these memories just haunt me.
Maybe you're right, maybe it ain't gonna work.
Maybe everytime I fall in love im gonna end up hurt.

Cause girl I don't just love you, I live for you.
And there ain't nothin in this wouldn't give for you.
You got my heart locked up and I can't break free.
Cause I love this girl, but she don't love me.

And now I see your face inside of every other girls' face.
Got everyone concerned cause I just stare out into space.
And pray about you.
And think about you.
But they don't understand there's some-thing about you.
Because you're different.
You're one in a million.
Now I lay down on the floor and I just stare up at the ceiling.
And I just pray, yeah I just pray to cupid.
Gon' pay this girl a visit -I know it sounds so stupid.
But I can't live without her and I can't be alone.
And I can't take another day without her speaking on the phone.
And I can't take another day without my hand inside of hers.
I just can't take another day.. I pray to God -just make it work.
Why would you show me something I can never have?
You give her to me and I fall in love then you take her back.
What kinda life is this?
Why is it so haunting?
The girl I can't have is the girl I keep wanting.

Cause girl I don't just love you, I live for you.
And there ain't nothin in this worldn't give for you.
You got my heart locked up and I can't break free.
Cause I love this girl, but she don't love me.

