Hey Hoe Lyrics
by The Wreckshop Family.


Yeah 0-4 Wreckshop yeah uh-huh, 
Yeah nigga hip hop nigga, D-Gotti, DaLo, 
A-Threezie, Isis Re yeah. We wreck baby 
 
Hey hoe. I don't care what you going through 
Cause. If you coming with me, then you know what you got. Ta do 
See girl. I got the truck outside and it's sitting on 22's 
So just know. If you trying to get to know me, you got ta, get to know my crew 
 
D-Gotti 
Hey hoe, I'm trying to get the bank roll 
Hey hoe. You love me cause, I think, thoed 
Ain't yo, average gutter, nigga 
This ain't, your birthday, but baby. Let me see you jiggle 
In, your b-day suit. I don't worry bout. The crew 
They always here baby. This is what we do. 
Boys misconstrew the troop I was raised. Gutter 
I'm trying to raise the cheddar, so me cuffing you down never 
It's whatever honey. Let me know if you coming 
I can make you feel stunning on them: rappers with buttons. 
It'S some'ing, on your mind, come with me and relax 
Let your hair down and chill you iight with Max 
Might get service all in the truck 
Clinch, the wheel body grip to the buck 
And I had such to get ya. I'Ma call you tomorrow, 
Fuck. It I'ma trick and let the bitch get spa. 
 
D-Reck 
To, the Hotel, 
But hoe know that you can't go tell 
Cause. After the show we gon bail, 
Hit the road and get mo' mail back to the grind 
Before. I try to break this finer mirror fresh. Your mind 
Saw your eyes from the stage you couldn't make up your mind. 
But, it's all good cause. We all got wood 
And, it's all good and baby. You got the goods 
So. Let us run through it like some track stars. 
Unlike we playing hot ball in the backyard 
Now we playing strip poker, got you dealing the cards 
Ain't, nobody got, ta, see it just me and the boys 
Girl go on live your fantasy, come up out them. Panties 
Doing hand stands showing out acting nasty 
Doing. It with precision got my niggas listening, 
Acting goofy get me bout to get in where they fit in 
 
Dirty $ 
Say. Ms. Thang, you know my sti's 
You want my cheese, huh, hey hoe, 
I, won't say you can't get it just don't say I can't hit it 
But. What I get. I got, ta split it with my crew. You know 
That's the rules of this game, a playa's rules, never change, 
When, you fucking for the fame. It'S how it go. Hey hoe 
See! I ain't the one to judge. All I wan na do is cut 
Run up in them guts, but my budget won't budge. Baby 
Hey hoe tell me what it's hitting fo' 
This sucker duck over here say he got plenty do', 
For, a pretty brown like you, but Dolla ain't, the type to 
Trick. When I can stick for free, 
You wan na stick with me, you got ta be down for whatever 
So give my niggas brain and make em all feel clever. 
 
A3 
Well, I'm a pretty hoe layer slab parked outside 
Right. After get some customized gunners for my ride. 
Know, I'm saying believe me: baby, it's going down. 
They, don't call me Pac, but yep I get around 
Eyes planted on a thug since he stepped in the building 
Looking like your pussy fiending for sexual healing 
Come. Here baby, let a G massage your clit 
Body rocking from the back. I know you love that shit. 
Boo say she never got it done to her by a gangsta 
Well that ain't me, but I'm still about to shank ya. 
Lay back raise your legs over your head, 
Hold your feet. We about to make the sheets lose thread: 
Do the queen, with a lot of pipe riding the spleen 
Make her tilt like a old pinball machine 
I knew when I met ya. You was bout, my cream 
 
