Hey Lookaway Lyrics
by Questionmark Asylum.


Hey look away now.
Everything's fly all is real in the Ville.
Hey look away now.
Look away now, look away.

Oh yes we're having a block party, dap to everybody.
Don't disturb my groove when I'm trying to get up with this shawty.
Now when you're with it boy you're rugged and rough.
But when you're ? sweet love hanging around you're all cuted up.
You got your hat to your side, fronting in your ride.
Nissan G system playing slump that's worldwide.
Everybody's saying Yeah, that's the jam.
Singing a long set, he got the thump of a live band.
Ladies ? fall it don't matter.
They still wear they clothes to let you know which one is badder.
We be scooping while y'all standing on the block.
Waiting for a player like me to scoop ya up.
Because of my rep, you gotta accept.
When I kick it flamboyant.
Many C.B.'s try to spoil it.
Mistafiss don't trip cause it's all in the deal.
It's all real in the Ville.

Aww yeah. Drop it on 'em.

Yeah, '72 is my date of birth.
God's gift to the Earth and for all it's worth.
Seen things prosper but there's so much pain.
So much love I cry tears of blood.
A piece of straw in the door, flick the phlegm to the wind.
I'm inspired by a city that's rotting from within.
I see the fruits of my labor distributed by Caper.
Cause Ros' be nibbling punanny.
With the.
Speed up the block, system pumping like adrenaline.
The fly and feminine be whispering It's him again.
So look away.
But who am I to say?
You're oh so freakalicous and oh yes by the way.
The caramel complication makes you look glazed.
Sucking on the lollipops, scoping out the fo' sho' shot.
From Chocolate City, wondering, Who is he?

Style got the soul and got the funk.
Got the Q so what else could you want?

Hey look away now everything's fly.

I get fly without wings or material things.
It's the Questionmark Asylum your A&amp;R's wet dream.
From the Ville, but not the Village People.
Get the bigger picture from the eye of a needle.

Mistafiss.
You wants to hang around with some fly guys.
Ros' Swann, Digge Dom's, Ding Ding.
Yo come around our neighborhood cause we're the neighborhood hood.
And I'm the Questionmark Asyl'.

Yo look away, look away ? baby.

Look away, gotta look away now.
Look away, gotta look away now.

Gotta look away, gotta look away.

