Hieroglyphics vs. Hobo Junction Freestyle Battle Lyrics
by Sway & King Tech.

Casual of Hieroglyphics 
Saafir the saucy, nomad 
I'm, the boss. We know that 
Cas' is on the mic to let you know: 
No, I'm not waitin' up 
Cause emcees is gettin', eaten up. 
And niggas wan na get beaten up 
If they wan na. Take it to that 
But. I be makin' the rap 
To slice and dice the wack men, 
Casual attackin' 
Ya, know 
When the Hiero flow. We go 
In-side of your heart and rip it apart. 
Do-In' it like that me and Pep Lover. 
No other nigga can step up 
I'm wreckin' the microphone to. Let you know 
I got a flow and nigga you wack 
So step the F- back 

Dispersed in the bass. 
Lettin' ya know Casual. Will flow. Saafir ya, hear 
The way, I'm comin' at you, 
You're wack. Do you wan na practice, 
The mackest 
On the motherfucking microphone tellin'. You 
You never will sell when you not with me 
Cause, it's the Hiero crew 
And, that's how we do 
Kick a style. If you can 
Off the head cause, I'm the man 
Casual flow grand 
And, you bland 
I'm on the mic to rip it up like that. 
So, kick your written rap 
Kick, the written rap 
 
Saafir of Hobo Junction 
Oh with the written 
Here I come uh with the mitten 
Nigga. Did your mamma tell you that you was my son 
When? I am done. Your ass will run 
Like a stocking 
Nigga. You a carbon copy. You started sloppy 
I'm, one hundred percent concentrated on 
Easing nooses around the necks of these tricks, 
Insects with vagina lips, 
Your spinal will grip 
Paralysis, if I remember correctly: 
You said'Fuck the Westside' 
Oh, but now you got ta ride, 
Come clean with dirt. 
But then again a hoe can't come clean, 
Through miniskirts, I'm a insert 
Depositories in them stories that don't stick 
Nigga. I got chapters 
I got flypapers 
Nigga, you one story: I'm a skyscraper, 
You scary-ass secretary 
I'm, a check this receptionist anus like a boss, 
Players in the game. Don'T change! Exteriors 
Nigga! You ain't serious! You off and on like a period 
Back up-, I ride'til the wheels fall off 
I ride'til the wheels fall off, 
Your heels are fallin' off 
I'm gon na make them toes touch down in The Town. 
On thirty-seventh nigga 
Right, where you at 
Right, where the mack's supposed to be 
You need to bounce because you're never like uh 
Never-, You shoulda, never came close to me. 
You'Re in my sector, 
I'm a step to ya with uh- 
The, wet shit. Oh shit, I don't even have to- 
Nigga go nigga, go, go, go 
, 
Casual of Hieroglyphics, 
Casual is on the mic. I mic wreck supreme 
When. I hop on the mic. You know I dominate 
Yes. This rhyme is great 
Saafir. You ain't doin', nothin', 
You, butt! 
When! You rap you a sap, and you know that 
Your flow is skinny. You'Re, not phat. 
I hop on the mic rollin', with Mini from the Eastern O 
I got the beast inside it 
I ride with my folks, 
Your folks, a joke. 
And the whole Hobo Junction can't rock a function, 
I hop on the mic, eatin' you for lunch and 
When. I do it. 
Emcees will hop to it. 
Y'All niggas wack 
Go write some more raps 
I'm cappin' on it. 
Doin' it like. I need to Casual, exceeds you. 
Go grow some weed, huh 
So you can get as dapper as me. The rapper can be 
Casual the master soul, 
Your ass best go 
To a rappin' school because I'm slappin' fools, who don't know 
That's how it's goin', I'm showin' the wack. I attack 
Off, the top of the dome 
You gon na go home. Feelin' sad 
Probably gone play. Some Madden 
Emcees don't know Casual is phat and 
I ain't cursin' 
 
Saafir of Hobo Junction 
Oh, I'm cursin', I'm cursin'. Of course, I'm cursin' 
I got hearse an- 
Everything for you boy, 
Check, this out, hey you, a female turned male 
Hey, you, the type of nigga that will pull your draws down on stage Tajai 
Cut out his vagina. For that tell 
Tucked between the cuts cause. You got no nuts 
You can't even sell dope right 
Nigga. You can't even sell dope right, 
You sell for uh, dykes, 
What part of the Eastside you from on the real, though 
On the real, though 
What part of the Eastside you from you wan na freeze blocks 
You, don't get props because you spend five hundred at a Weed spot 
Nigga at a weed spot 
Nigga. Are you all from the Grass Valley, 
You're, all from Grass Valley, 
You cute ass, new booties ain't, never seen the ass of Malis 
I'll swing, my shit in your front yard 
You be frontin' hard and it's felt 
Nigga. You buy garter belts, 
I'm, a pull that card. You dealt 
Nigga, ya, nothin', but a joker, a snorter 
A teenage hoe, playin' strip poker 
I'm a strip that ass buck naked 
You, never had it raw until you seen a record 
Boy. You don't know about this. 
Pimp player, you need to get back 
So, you can uh get with this. Phat rap 
I got a hearin' aid, so you can hear the flow 
I bring the flavor like lemonade. You little hoe 
Recognize, you don't utilize. The intellect 
I'm clarifying with examples that 
You a punk 
Nigga your whole crew will try to sue in some funk. 
You, don't even know how to roll 
Wait a minute wait a minute. You ain't got no pros 
So. What is this 
Another Hieroglyphics? Scribbling that' dribbling from them vagina, lips, 
Your spinal, will grip them things: 
Hey, hey you better peep game, 
You're, cuttin', you're, catchin', a dome call 
Nigga! I'M a have you climbin'. These walls like a poster. 
All, I see is a forefinger and a thumb in your holster 
You never got down you, never let off a shot, 
You need to back up and race. Your ass back to eight-deuce block 
 
Casual of Hieroglyphics 
Saafir. I know you fear of me cause I'm Cas 
Look at me. In my eyes. I'M a beat that ass 
When. I hop on the mic. You despise my flow 
Because, I'm wiser, so yous losin', 
Hiero, cruisin', 
The, Oakland town, I'm smokin' you down, 
Cause you ain't knowin'! How I be flowin' 
When, I'm on the microphone, 
Y'all jokes, you can't bust. None 
Casual is the man. You must know. 
That I bust flow 
And, you wack. I attack niggas, like you 
Because, I'm rollin' with the Hi-crew 
And, all my folks, you all some jokes 
When. We do this, I'm the newest 
And. I am rippin' up the microphone lettin'. You know you're wack, 
It's goin', like that Saafir you ain't, a mack 
You know I'm rollin' with a busta 

But. I ain't really trippin' cause. That'S how it went. 
Casual is on the mic. I'M gon na represent 
The Eastside 
When. We ride 
We're gon na. Do it correct- Respect these yeah 
I grab the microphone and be a vet with ease 
Because. We do it correctly 
You best to be outta here. 
Because you're doubtin' Saafir 
Is a real rapper, but I still slap ya 
Cause. You cannot flow and I got to go 
On and on and on Casual's your woe 
When. I do it. You know I got the fluid 
Niggas can't hop to it like I do it. 
Cause, I'm the master 
All. My folks is chillin' in the lobby. 
Cas will let you know. 
You will not ride me. 
Like you're, sayin', 
Because, you're displayin', some faulty shit 
You're stuck in Menace 
But. Your luck is finished. 
Cause, I'm killin', you lettin'. You know, I'm fillin'! You 
So take that wack shit back 
, 
Saafir of Hobo Junction 
You, don't even own a microphone. 
Your blood owns no bones: 
I'm holdin', uh, special ed classes, 
Teachin' cowards how to wipe them asses 
You the type of nigga that lock the door when you pissin' 
Because. When you're pissin', you really look that you're shittin' 
You're talkative I'll, give you that 
I'll give you that 
But uh you talk like a cat 
On the twenty-eighth day period, 
I'll neuter your future 
You don't-! You don't know-! You 
I'm the one to which one turns for help in desperation, in some funk, 
Like A-Plus did in DNA Club like a lady, 
You gone, spend three hundred on a three-eighty 
Stupid ass nigga, you not phat 
You, don't belong with a gat. You belong with a mack 
Join, our crew, we'll call you phat cock 
You can bring me. My jock draws mascot 
Hey, you don't know 
Where's my lunch, I'm having a sucker for supper. 
Suckling sap, tap water flower 
I be beyond like Evian 
Tell Tajai. To get out your ear, 
Nigga come jump on my dick, my name is Saafir 
Come bring me my nameplate nigga. Your game is fake. 
You, a mark. You pulled your shit down on stage 
Nigga. I seen shit drippin' out that little booty 
Yeast infection in that section 
Hey come fuck with me, 
Come fuck with me 
 
Tajai of Souls of Mischief 
