Holdin' My Own Lyrics
by Zoltan Nebula.

Yeah I'm a skinny white dude, listening to Night Moves.
Don't eat the right food, But I stay away from drive-thrus.
I might move, to a place far away.
But I'll try to do my best to remain the same.
Or at least remain sane, I've gotta maintain.
My thought and stop wasting it on mainframes.
Till then I'll just sit here and write this rhyme.
Reminiscing and traveling with right time.
Looking back on my life, I'm pretty impressed.
I made it through the times that I was certain of death.
I've traveled out East, traveled out West.
And I'm doin' my best to relieve all my stress.
But some days I can't out of bed.
And some days I wish I woke up dead.
Some days I wanna put a hole in my head.
And cover the sheets in a whole lot of red.
But, I still get up, soldier on each day.
Even if it is with a fake smile on each face.
Fake or not, man, it's still a smile.
And first or last, well, it's still a mile.

No matter what I've done, no matter what I do.
The only thing I can do in life is try to stay true.
Doesn't matter if you throw me a bone.
You can't own my zone, I'm still holdin' my own.

I went through hell, then went back a few times.
And the only thing I got was just a few rhymes.
Took a wrong turn when I missed a few signs.
But it made me strong like I sniffed a few lines.
Started therapy around the age of 7.
That age told my mom I wanna be in heaven.
Been on over 24 prescriptions.
Half the time my brain got a notice for eviction.
Goin' through packs of gravol a week.
Keeps the nausea at bay but it's still hard to sleep.
I try not to complain about my shitty health.
Cause after all it's just the cards that I've been dealt.
But O.C.D. has really got the best of me.
Michale Graves reference, but it's a shitty recipe.
I try not to let it get to me.
But it's hard when your chemistry's a steadily enemy.
Purelling my hands over 30 times a day.
Rituals that keep the anxiety at bay.
But hey!! it's okay!!
Cause you know I'm gonna see a brighter day.

Lost quite a few friends and you know that was hard.
Yeah they left heart-prints, but they also left scars.
Been to the hospital more than a handful.
I swear sometimes my heads harder than an anvil.
I was arrested five or six times.
Passed the time with a dude spittin' sick rhymes.
Been to youth jails, but only two week bids.
Thought I was tough, but I was too weak kid.
It was a blessing though, got me on the right track.
After my trial I said I'll never be right back.
Off to the psyche ward, what an experience.
Seeing their mistreatment made me fight serious.
So here I am, just an average man.
I'm not doing the best but I'm doing the best I can.
Never really had a grand life plan.
I was just so content with collecting beer cans.

These last few years made me shed a few tears.
And my body won't let me drink 22 beers.
I've spent them in solitude and sobriety.
Driving me crazy, plus I always fuckin' lie to me.
But I still have hope of better days.
So death if you're listening, you better wait.
You better stand outside like some lemonade.
And let me wrap this life up like some cellophane.
That's right guys, I'm living till I die.
I hope the same thing is something you decide.
People world wide, let's go outside.
Buckle up, get ready for the ride.
So if you're down to drive till we're out of gas.
Then please feel free to help me sing this track.
And If I can go through all of this shit.
And still stand strong after swallowin' piss.
Then you can too, you're not alone.
You have the power to hold your own!!

No matter what we've done, no matter what we do.
The only thing we can do in life is stay true.
Doesn't matter if you throw us a bone.
You can't own our zone, we're still holdin' our own.

