Holdin' On Lyrics
by Ry.


And there's things going on.
Been happening for so long.
I'm just trying to hold on.
I'm just trying to hold on.

Writing with tears of joy.
Jobs ain't calling back, they ain't trying to employ.
In this world full of fakes, whose the fucking Real McCoy?
Catch a red shirt like the freshman year of Colt McCoy.
I sit back like damn that's deep.
And then I think like Ryan God damn that's heat.
Rap game full of animals and I'm the black sheep.
But it's cool cause I'm an outcast.
Life is a race and i'mma be the one to outlast.
But far from my last outing.
Last one to count me was first one to stop counting.
But I'm trying to stay up out of county.
Cause the dog hunters will attach your name to a bounty.
And I'm trying to stay innocent like I'm Robert Downey.
But not the easiest thing to do.
Cause they'll catch you on camera, ask Erykah Badu.
While I'm sitting here just penny pinching like a Jew.
Young and lost what the hell am I to do?
Caught in a gap like Strahan eating beef stew.
Life is a playland trapped in a sliding tube.
But this rap ain't through.
Vicariously feel hip-hop breathing out of dude.
When the pain hit I light up like Devin The Dude.
Playing in the game violating half the rules.
I'm a young Genghis Khan, I'm just waiting on my rule.
Feeling like a young Drake, still got room to improve.
And if keys open doors then your hands better move.
Give a damn 'bout show and tell, I'm just trying to show and prove.
And then still improve.
With this pen murder like the guy that signed Ja Rule.
And I ain't completely focused, know if I'll make it through school.
Rap for the love of it, give a damn 'bout being cool.
With this handy dandy notebook seem to find a lot of clues.
Kinda ironic how it helps me find my blues.
I'm the hardest thing out, where's my fucking bottled lube?
How could I ever wish to lose.
When I'm living my life with the fucking heart of Scrooge.
But no ghosts or three wise mans.
Will these rhymes withstand? Like Eminem with Stan.
Damn, I'm the shit and I won't even check my pants.
I'm just lighting on some berries and I'm sipping on some cran.
Pen speaks for the world, I got the world in my hand.
But I want your girl playing in my pants.
She just wanna move, invite her to this ball dance.
But that's the least important thing to this man.
Cause life is Ludicrous and I ain't even trying to crash.
Just look forward to telling them to blow it out they ass.
Cause I live with a split personality like Cass.
Trust us little buddy ya'll can have that low cash.

