Hold it Down Lyrics
by The Yung Fusion.


Yeah, I'm goin' harder than being black in America.
If you love the money your revenue is irrelevant.
Workin' on myself while you busy being replicas.
School of crack heads, I blow minds through experiments.
Since I was 15, music been the dream.
I'm the nigga in the spotlight, while behind scenes.
I wanna shoot a movie, and show them what I see.
Direct it how I want it, and run it how I please.

Hold it down, hold it down, hold it down.
Need a nigga like me to come around with the bounce, yeah.
Hold it down, hold it down, hold it down.
Say my name any day and you gon' know who 'run the town yeah.

Hold it down  x8.

Lotta numbers I could brag about.
Did it all before I had a bank account.
Skinny nigga bringin' such a massive sound.
Like a Bob the Builder from the hood, I bring the hammers out.
Yeah, they say this is such a modest story.
Make good music, live forever, been the motto for me.
Back then I was never in your catagory.
Now they all for brain, like they all went to college for me.
I flow like dirty sprite, up in these early nights.
I became the hottest tiger spittin' cause I'm burnin' stripes.
Ever since I had started rappin' had em niggas terrified.
I ain't gotta tweet about it, music proves I'm certified.
I've been stackin' lunch money since day uno.
Tellin' all my niggas it'll get better.
Victorious with the pen like my name Hugo.
Doin' this forever, lost some friends but I tell them hold it.

Circle small as a cherry oh here we go we gon' ball.
Hold it down like it's Jericho, Jericho build a wall.
I come out, and watch as they call.
Same niggas wanna rise, still prayin' you fall.
Brought 'em back though, thank the lord.
Hold it down with the trap flow.
I mow the lawn, cut the ??? let the facts show.
I'm so raw man, I just gotta.
Hold it down for ya-al.
Yeah, they say I'm unapproachable, this and that and so and so.
Ex's askin' why I got no nothing 'bout ya chromosomes.
You can take your clothes and go.
Since you claim you know the ropes.
Thought that was forever but, that ain't what the photo shows.
Stackin' lunch money since day uno.
Tellin' all my niggas we the best eva'.
Such a boss with the pen like my name Hugo.
I've been doin' this forever, lost some friends but I tell them hold it.

x2.

