House Cleaning Blues Lyrics
by Zin-Zeta.


Last night, I had a party on some mardi gras sh*t.
Naughty broads getting horny off Omarion.
Jungle bitches getting drunk off Bacardi.
Getting f*cked in Ferrari cars... Sorry, ma'.
I had to borrow your wide-angle lens for this one.
Pulled out the 5D and got my Safari on.
Took some great shots I could sell for top dollar.
And laugh my way to the bank with/banquet - hardy har.
But, back to the party: a fight broke out.
With some lesbian bitches - a psycho bout.
Tits popped out, so the Canon came out.
I took more shots 'fore throwing them dyke hoes out.
And that's when I surveyed the house.
Noticed the huge mess and made everybody bounce.
Stains over the rug, holes in my couch.
And a dead chick with a cum-load in her mouth.
What the f*ck....

♪.
Duh-doo, dooooooooo....
I've got those house-cleaning blues.
There's floors to scrub, and windows to rub.
I've got those house-cleaning blues.
So much to do, I'll never get through.
I'm getting tired of cleaning things.
I've got those house cleaning blues ♫.

Where do I begin with this pig sty.
The walls look like niggas bent over and let sh*t fly.
Sh*t stains in the restroom.
Graffiti on the walls of the guest room.
This sh*t's gon' have me dead soon.
Niggas gave a whole new meaning to the term rec-room.
And, I ain't done a lot of sweeping lately.
But niggas got me feelin' like a cleaning lady.
But, get this: remember the dead chick?
I found her in the kitchen, making me breakfast.
She hadn't died - she had just had a seizure.
And the white sh*t in her mouth was that foamy stuff.
The best part was, she was willing to clean.
She told me she was a fan and wanted to join the team.
So, putting her on was an easy choice to make.
Now we've both got the blues, and the sh*t feels great.
That's what's up....

♪.
Duh-doo, dooooooooo....
I've got those house-cleaning blues.
There's floors to scrub, and windows to rub.
I've got those house-cleaning blues.
So much to do, I'll never get through.
I'm getting tired of cleaning things.
But I'm tied to my apron strings.
I'll never rest 'til I lose and.
I've got those house cleaning blues.
Boop-be-doop-beep ♫.

