I Got This Lyrics
by Tyler Thomas.


LA to the MD.
Couple young motherfuckers.
Taking niggas and turning them into samplate.
I don't really need nothing but some Netflix.
And some good head from one of my future exes.
Am I sexist, cause I got a bad bitch check list.
Really, really ain't my fault cause the social media feeding my urge to.
splurge.
And she like my pics so she want the dick.
Got hoes, got hoes, got hoes, for real.
Not Manti Te'o, all my hoes is real.
Young top from the side where them niggas get live.
And them hoes wanna roll like them clothes on fire.
Oh my, oh my, oh my life, if I don't make it I'll die twice.
She cold blooded like twilight.
I think she know she my type.
I'mma get off on everything, like I'm perverted.
Make these niggas shake like we just met in person.
And if you gon hate me then that mean I'm worth it.
And if you could judge me then that mean I'm perfect.

Fucked up on the ceiling, that's how I'm feeling.
She try out like prettylips, getting brain while I peel it, tight.

Fuck y'all niggas, I got this, I came here with my clique.
This here sound like mosh pit.
And your bitch be on my dick.
Roll up nigga, I got this.
Pour up nigga I got this.

One time for your motherfucking mind.
When I get it I rip it up and every one of a kind.
Heat when I rhyme.
Never heard of it but I murder the beat when I rhyme.
I better take it to another level, know I never settle, shit.
Flow incredible, instrumental is edible.
Talk a lot of game but this shit ain't credible.
What's good, let me live it up, hit it up.
V's up, got your shawty in the crib with her knees up.
Ease up, let me bring it down.
You the thing now, who the king now.
Fuck around and finally got a little bit of bling now.
But the money ain't a thing now.
Yeah I know the shit sting now.
Rattpack till my pulse flat.
Take a look at my direction if you wonder where the boss at.
Real talk, no false rap.

Nigga praise to the most high, so fly nigga blow like the bomb why.
Oh I've been a bad motherfucker since I got out of the stomach.
Feeling like rogue the way I'm killing everything I'm touching.
I'm a real nigga, I'm lowkey, bros got hammers like Loki.
But I ain't reckless, I'm off get neck from a well-respected.
Red bone in a Lexus hectic.
I'm fucked till next semester, got bars.
So these hoes gonn call collectors.
Job respected, if not all of y'all can form a line.
And I'll follow the exit.
This rap shit is just a meal ticket.
Brown bag with me like a field trip.
Treat your bitch like a heel flip.
The camera angles pan when the heels click.

