I Got You Girl Lyrics
by 504 Boys.


Come on girl, P. and C.. 
Sinners doin', the track.. 
Long, as you thuggin'.. 
We got you 
, 
Girl 
You, don't even know my name 
But. Then why'd, you spit my game. 
Maybe. We can chill for a lil' while 
Girl 
Cuz, I, like it jazzy style 
I, can make it worth your while 
You will never want another 
 
Girl, your so sweet. You make me weak 
And. There will never be another. Like me, 
I'm for real, I'm tellin', you how I feel 
Cuz my life is the bomb girl, 
 
I wan na, be your best friend girl. Call me Poppi 
Hit me on the celly. You need me, you got me. 
I wan na show ya another side of life. 
Like mansions, Benz's, Roley's ice 
You could be my best friend. Let'S thug together 
Tattoo my name on your leg. We could ride forever. 
I went to jail baby. You was the first to visit. 
We met in the hood, so you my ghetto princess, 
Like, Bonnie and Clyde. So I got ya back. 
Matchin' championship rings, like Kobe and Shaq 
Whatever the kids need. Then I got you boo, 
Twin new Benz's, your's, red mine, blue 
, 
Yeah, yo ma I hatin' or nothin' 
But. If you waitin' for a dude to do you good, then you waitin' for nothin' 
You need to get wit' a playa. Like me, 
We could sit and talk on the couch in the V.I.P 
And. I know how these fools be: 
In the club rockin' costumes jewelry tryin', to feel on your booty 
But that ain't, even my style 
I know. I got a rep on the streets and these girls say I'm wild 
Yeah. I was a dog, but that's in my past 
This club too loud. We could hop up in my Jag 
And. We could go wherever you want, 
Hit the mall in the mornin'. You could shop til', you fill up the trunk 
Uh. I know this sounds nice 
So! Won'T you go and tell your girls that your leavin' wit' Curren $ y tonight 
Uh young playa got game so proper 
So relax, baby girl. Once I got you, I got you 
 
Now girl. I know ya want me, I can see in your eyes 
But ya, used to fake playaz who be feedin'. Ya, lies 
I, don't have no weak mind, so I don't fall for the lame 
Either. I get you or you get me, but it's all in the game. 
I ain't never been a dog, but I'm off of the chain. 
Like deed, I'll make you sweat. Unless it's all for my name, 
See the ladies love Choppa. They say that it's on 
And I'ma be a playa playa til' the day that I'm gone, 
 
My ghetto, princess .... I got you girl, 
Pick out whatever you want ... what 
15 20 karats ... money ain't an option: baby 
The New, No Limit. .... I told you I got that 
We thuggin' ... ya, heard me
 
