I See Lyrics
by Wombaticus Rex.

Thirtyseven.

I look for common threads where it all connects.
So I've got respect for those who try and talk to God direct.
I hang around with dudes who claim they found the truth.
Go walking with Mohmammed and watch the mountains move.
But nowadays, I'm getting lost in the music.
Talking to Buddhists, and messing with philosophy students.
...there's six billion different.
approaches to wisdom.
I chose to focus and listen in frozen lotus positions.
...before the prophets and priests perverted the essence.
And left us searching and guessing with circular questions.
It's getting harder to explain the simple facts.
When the whole entire structure of our language is a trap.
Plus...it's pretty easy these days to lose your patience.
And forget that all these cages are just hallucenations.
...cuz once you see what's hidden in plain sight.
It's impossible to go back living the same life.
I AM NOT AN AMERICAN....that's just a line in the sand.
And we're all the same monkeys in the final exam.
So I pledge alliegance -- to Ghandi, Malcolm X and Jesus.
...all of whom died for the same pathetic reason:.
If you show people a small portion of truth.
They miss the point completely and start worshipping you.
Lost in the mix, balancing the profits and risks.
With the desperation that makes this economy tick.
Cuz even in a world of talk shows and instant messages.
I can hear the emptiness behind your hollow sentences.
Raised to be a slave to weed, alcohol and paper schemes.
Obsessed with ways and means, but too afraid to dream.
And if those chains were undone, could you take it and run?
...or stand around, waiting for some savior to come?
Do you feel like your living stranded on a prison plant?
With a whole generation just taking this shit for granted?
....look: if optimism is dumb, I'll BE stupid.
And make some theme music for those who see through it.
And leave the average human with.
the obvious conclusion.
There's are no average humans, that's an optical illusion.
The king is dead....and all his servants have to fake it now.
All around the world, the Control Machine is breaking down.
So keep your body and mind strong and alive cuz God is inside.
.....and you're a monkey that's along for the ride.
And this is just a rap, so I don't want nothing back.
Cuz I didn't give you shit...I just showed you what you had.

