I should rap about Lyrics
by Punsy.


I should rap about money. I should rap about women
I should dumb it down to nothing. Maybe that will make you listen
I should rap about chains. I should rap about. Killing
I should try to sound the same so that most of you will feel it
I should rap about money. I should rap about women
I should dumb it down to nothing. Maybe that will make you listen
I should rap about guns. I should rap using gimmicks
But i'll, never be the one. That'S dumb enough to change. My lyrics

I should rap about the dough I get from selling them. Bricks
I should rap about the foes I hit with shells from the clip
Or. I should rap about my hoes, my kicks my wealth and my cribs
Or. I can start beef. Expose a clique. compel them to quit
I could make a couple nice songs just for ladies
Y'know suck. My nuts you're, all sluts. bet you they'd play me
It's crazy, but hey see that's what everybody wants to hear
It's, tough and weird.. They want tracks about custom, wheels, chucks and gear
Chugging beers getting drunk and punchin' queers, with nothing feared
That sucks for real. I've bust with skills. For months and years, but nothing
near
Respected ..., They want that one syllable rap
They don't want that. ... lyrical miracle. Spiritual crap
They want this blah blah blah blah blah gats
Clips blah blah blah blah blah blah crack
Spliffs blah blah blah blah blah blah ... gun, rhyme
Zip blah blah blah pause. ... punchline

I should I follow other rappers like kendrick, lemar
Or, nicki, minaj and spaz out when I'm spitting my bars
I should style up my flavor like tyler the creator
And try to kill a rape ya in the rhymes I put on paper
Or. I don't have to make any sense. Like lil wayne
Or, I don't have to make sense lil wayne
Or. I could do it like a drake single
Put melodics. In my tunes like I'm a great singer
YEAH Or I can be like cammy cam
Kill yo family fam, with the blammy blam
Maybe, be a big fraud like rick ross
man. I know I was a cop, but I spit bars.
I can make a cool dance like soldier boy
Maybe, then I'll get a chance and I'll be over joyed
But. I will never change and I don't need the sales
Refuse to be a shame. I rather be myself
 
