I Wish Lyrics
by Unnamed.

Unnamed.

We used to be inseparable, I never went a day without you.
Never went a minute where I didn't think about you.
Back then, us breaking up was so fucking doubtful.
But now I know our love just wasn't that powerful.
It all started at the beginning of October.
When I promised to you that I would stay sober.
Then I smoked weed with my friends and asked if I could stay over.
Cause burning a spliff took my mind off of our relationship.
Fucking psycho ass bitch.
Who thought the ship wouldn't crash in a total eclipse.
I don't care about you anymore, the only time I'd pay attention.
Is if your were upside down, held in suspension.
Above 20,000 armed henchmen.
While the room fills with tension.
And oh did I mention.
I got roid rage, I'll snap your neck when I finish benching.
And shit, while I've got the mic, I've got a confession.

No matter what I do.
I just cannot undo.

I loved you bitch.
But you will never fix.

We always fought.
But in our time we were taught.

And if you'd say.
You want me to stay.

I wish that I made you blue.
Cold, stiff and stinking of poo.
But I still ran back to you.
Cause me and you were a crew.
I didn't know what to do.
Cause I was dumb too.
When no one else cared, you were there.
When I wasn't prepared, you were there.
Same place as my coupons, you were there.
And when I moved on, shit you were still fucking there.
Imagine if I had the suit on, and you were there.
My life fucking would have gone, downhill from there.
I don't mean to be a downer but I wish you were dead.
I wish that you just put a motherfucking hole in your head.
In fact, when I first met you I wish that I said.
Don't fucking talk to me bitch, I don't care.
Instead of being lovey dovey for a whole fucking year.
I could have caught on with your bullshit then and there.
But now I gotta look at that year in despair.

How many times after we broke up did I hear my phone?
Shit to be honest I still don't even know.
You kept calling because you knew you couldn't let it go.
But you and Elsa share one thing, a heart as cold as snow.
It came to an end and I should have seen it coming.
Cause when someone says dick your bitch ass comes running.
You think you've still got a chance? Bitch, you must be joking.
After all the cum on which you've be choking.
On and on you don't shut the fuck up.
I could run you over with a pick-up truck.
And you'd still be blabbering about how much men suck.
How you're turning les because of the guys you fucked.
How they're such fucking dicks and you're giving up.
Listen to me bitch, you should.
Slit your own throat till the wound opens up.
And then grab your tongue, pull it through and for the first time.
The first time in my entire life.
I'd say you look nice... wearing a Columbian neck tie.

You're a stupid dumb whore.
You should just fucking die.
All that you are good for.
Is ruining everyone's life.

