I'll Body You Lyrics
by VI Seconds.


Think you got hard bars.
I know who you are dog.
And I came with a gift.
Freeze, Nardwuar.

Desire fire, supply a flya.
messiah.
Cometh an empire, I'm wiping out the entire attire.
I'm showing all the artists thinking that they killing me.
They can't, cause I ain't change myself on a search for validity.
I'm all tyranny, but artillery off enemies.
This fraud imagery leaves y'all history, jaws split in three.
Y'all seriously think y'all ill as me? Y'all killin' me.
My bars' energies, bring y'all misery, part physically.
Dog my art, lyrically, leaves these frauds hickory.
Smoked pitifully, choked swift-a-ly, and I'll boast.
Laughing to all of the banks when I'm strolling with yo, Hillary?
My house, you get thrown out, no Uncle Phil in me.
This feeling be, Braille.
You ain't seeing, but still feeling me.
It's, kill or be killed.
Let's be trill, my sting's.
killer bee.
Balls weighing one ton, dick.
shining like patent leather.
Title on my waist and I'm a let you niggas have it, never.
Back for cheddar, black mask and a black Beretta clap.
Until I leave you all scorched, better keep aloe vera.
Slappin', we get crackin', I'm showin' these cats what savage is.
I'm snappin'?, 'til I'm.
bashin' in all this planet's inhabitants.
What's happenin', I'm wrappin' up every bastard you rapping with.
Had enough? Then tattle what happened through all your chat and shit.
Yappin' lip, watch as I make your body and casket dip.
I could go brain dead and you still couldn't match my wit.

To every rapper sneak dissing without the balls to confront me.
Just know that you weak nigga, I'll body you.
To every artist every label this is cause for alarm.
And it's far from a fable, I'll body you.
To every nigga on the grind, and if you dare say my name in a line, recognize.

I'll body you.
I'll body you.
Body you.
Body you.

Body you, throw your body into a bayou.
No intention to write you, but by I'll bye bye you.
Ride by you, I'm Ryu, get you.
all eager.
The right punch leave you offed on the neck.
That's Sharkeisha.
It's a fact that I'm a monster god.
So sharp I can cut through bricks with a cotton swab.
In too deep and I'm feeling like a god.
Your broad, I'm in too deep, she feeling like I'm god.
The rhyme sinister, prime minister.
Mister Stone Cold, I lock eyes with Medusa when I kiss her.
You beating me is far fetched.
Like I threw a ball too far for my dog to go and get.
If I had the seven dragon balls, wish bones, a rabbit foot, and a genie at my.
disposal.
Bitch, I'd wish a nigga would.
Trying to question how my stance is.
I stand at powerful stances.
You showed the standin's.
And I kept standin', I'm upstandin'.
The young ominous, omnipotent,.
monster-ous beast.
With a thought process, too much for all colleges.
Honest shit, I'm a threat, going unrivaled.
I can't lose this shit, my name is in the title.
This is, round six, you niggas get round? six?
Leave in stretchers, no way to get in to round six.
I'm announcin', and I'm killing you niggas I'm 'bout this.
Relentless, y'all niggas don't wanna bout this.
My intentions, murderin' everybody around.
Like a fan, you ain't never gonna wanna hear a sound.
For you and anybody better yet I'll shut it down.
Coppin' every city, every region, every town.
Niggas listen when I said that I'm gunnin' for their heads.
Any spittah trynna hit me with the words, leave 'em dead.
Went from most the slept on, to the most viewed.
We mad on a bad day?, I got a short fuse.
My flow organic, like I'm straight outta whole foods.
Y'all getting slept, like I ate a lot of soul food.
Itis my touch is the Midas.

Heard competition, but just couldn't find it.
I'm this, wild and ridiculous, frivolous, lyricist.
Y'all spitting clitoris,.
bitches listen.
I'm a body you.

