I'm Tha Shit Lyrics
by The Wreckshop Family.


Fuck it we got one know I'm saying 
Wreckshop baby. I got my nigga D-Reck in here 
What's happening with ya baby Dirty $ 
Slow. It up it's going down: uh huh 
 
Cruising through the city with the top down 
Got the scene on lock down 
Everybody and they mama on bop. Now I'm the shit 
Cruising through the city with the top down 
Got the scene on lock down 
Bitch niggas, better bow down, I'm the shit 
 
D-Reck 
Since. They say I am it's the way I am 
I got the streets locked down like a traffic jam, 
On a mash for cash, doing a dash on glass 
Pass by so fast gave your girl, whiplash 
I ain't, trying to tease her ain't no time to please her 
I run through a skeezer, then catch amnesia, 
It's wam bam. Then thank you. Ma'Am 
I'm, the shit and I'll show you how stank I am 
Shop bout to pull off another caper. 
So cats. Better, go get the toilet paper. 
And wipe us down cause we the shit! 
Like, a nigga with the runs dropping hit after hit 
Now D-Reck pimping. Pens like his name, was Ken 
Streets like there go that smell again: 
But, oh, what the well go run and tell 
Cause the mo'. You hate the mo' records, sell 
, 
A3 
Ok. What you know bout me 
Besides the fact, the name A dash 3 
Could it be, I'm worth a couple hundred thee 
With a couple hundred G's with a couple hundred skee's 
With. A couple hundred SUV's 
That'll drive by couple hundred plates make a couple hundred bleed 
Naw. Homeboy I ain't bout that 
Jumped in the game flat broke, got cash back 
I'm, getting do' like the ocean, flo' 
Only nigga. Do the game like it's'spose to go 
Run through a broad like a corner, sto' 
Act like she, a chick that I met befo', 
Naw baby. You can keep the ass 
If, she fronting like she got it. I'Ma keep the stash 
Play like a dummy I'ma. Let you crash 
Call me Mr. BFI, taking out the trash 
I hit the scene in a hard top drop 
Screens lit screens on screens drop 
Bops on the block, see the candy mouth drop. 
I got em sick, acting like they need a cough drop 
 
Lil' Shay 
See, I'm just lil' ol' Shay pick up a ball. Go pro everyday 
Ain't got ta drink a fo' everyday long as a nigga write a flow everyday 
Ok, I'm thoed fucking with hoes. That'S just what I do: 
And keep it real feed the bills and she gon fuck, my crew, 
You ain't know what Lil' Shay was bout, beat the cot and then pass it out, 
Cock the Glock and then bust a shot, but I'm licensed dog. So I ain't worried
about 
No hater, no killer, no kind in a new coupe, but the bitch ain't mine 
Chain. On my neck till my dick gon shine. If a nigga talk down, then a nigga
talk down 
If a nigga want beef. Then a nigga get beef. If a nigga want street, then a
nigga get street 
If a nigga, don't grind, then a nigga don't eat. Then a nigga on the sideline
looking real weak, nigga 
 
