I'm the Man (Remix) Lyrics
by 50 Cent.


I came in the world cryin' and fussin' 
Nigga. We ain't have nothin' 
Every ghetto. I know the same. 
We try to make a little change. 
Preacher man come around talkin' 
I, don't wan na hear it. Keep walkin' 
I'mma put the powder in the pot 
Whip it'til, I'm pullin' off a lot 
Imagine. When I pull it off the lot. 
New shit come without a top 
Once I'm on. I ain't, never gon' stop 
Bitch, I'm on. I ain't, never gon' stop 
 
Interlude. Chris Brown 
I'm, the man, I'm the man, I'm the man 
I'm, the man, I'm the man, I'm the man, 
 
Aye came in the game. Gettin' money, 
Flippin' chickens, whip, it gettin' money, 
Niggas, get to playin' with the money; 
Clique bang for the money. Shit changed over money, 
They love to see a nigga on the bottom 
Catch it coming got. Ta keep
it on the low 
A nigga plug bless a nigga with a whole 
 Wan na break the bitch down into 36 O's 
Looky. Here bitch I'm A-okay 
Shorty wan na fuck with me, 
Stripping yeah, the jiggy nigga 
Lady. She gon' hit my line: 
We ain't gon' waste, no time 
She sucking and we fucking like she need me 
While. She make a bankroll easy 
All. The light in the room from the T.V 
We gettin' it on then I'm gone 
It's the type of shit that a nigga be on 
 
Too. Much on my mind, right now, 
I'm on the grind right now 
Looking for me sucker, then I need to be found right now. 
I got my nine right now, 
Bitch I'll blow your mind right now, 
I ain't fucking around right now, 
Better get in line right now. 
Or fuck around and die right now. 
Hope. You understand that 
 
Bitch, I'm the man ho, I'm the man, you know, I'm the man 
Bitch, I'm the man ho, I'm the man, you know, I'm the man 
Bitch, I'm the man ho, I'm the man. You know I'm the man 
Bitch, I'm the man ho, I'm the man, you know, I'm the man 
 
Came in the game, gettin' money, 
I fuck, with all the bitches gettin' money 
But, you love playing games with the corny shit 
Messin' with a nigga. I only bought it cause. I want it. 
You love to see a nigga at the bottom. 
You tried to come up, you don't keep it on the low 
They like a drug, don't like you to call them hoes 
I'm, trying to break a booty down like 36 O's 
I. Think I love a big fat A-O-D, make that bitch cum for free 
Look at mommy, shake it I'mma call her. She gon' hit my line fall in love
every time 
But. If I don't pay, she gon' leave me never had a real reason. All I get is
bits and pieces 
And. I believe it. I ain't think this shit was easy. Who am I now 
 
Too? Much on my mind, right now, 
I'm on the grind right now 
Looking for me sucker, then I need to be found right now. 
I got my nine right now, 
Bitch I'll blow your mind right now: 
I ain't fucking around right now, 
Better get in line right now, 
Or fuck around and die right now, 
Hope. You understand that 
 
Bitch, I'm the man ho, I'm the man. You know I'm the man 
Bitch, I'm the man ho, I'm the man, you know, I'm the man 
Bitch, I'm the man ho, I'm the man, you know, I'm the man 
Bitch, I'm the man ho, I'm the man, you know, I'm the man 
 
Know, I'm the man Hoe, I'm the man 
Think. She ain't special watch how she change for a nigga, oh naw, 
They. Not on my level. That'S why I look at you different yeah, yeah
 
