I've Been Tryin Lyrics
by Xc.


All I need is a red bull and a beat from Mike Mo.
Then turn down the lights low and I give you the right flow hold on.

Lord Knows I been trying to get it together.
Make a lil plan and get my niggas together, make a million whatever.
They say it gets worse before it get any better.
Then I tell'em.

They like my nigga what ya waiting on, but I been making songs.
Ya see its kinda like the game been on layaway now its time to take it home.
Or I finally got my shot but the safety on.
While they zone out I just run the go route.
Right pass the corner is the only way I can go out.
And plus if I came home with that white girl.
Moms would've said Imma sell out before I sold out.
Its no water I just brought the flow out.
See I show up then I show out.
Somebody let Beyonce' know I'm Destiny's Child.
Then call Gwen Stefani up and tell her its No Doubt.
That we here baby hey baby!
I ride the track insane till I'm driving the game crazy.
The punches so hard I'm surprised that they ain't weigh me.
A lil X boxing I'm sorry you can't play me.
Talk about the best I get mad that they ain't say me.
I got my lines up lil nigga they can't fade me.
Get it I try' to tell em it was Big Business.
And we ain't worried bout a thing what these kids kickin'.
Ain't got nothing on the flow they just trippin'.
I'm homicide on the track trust me I just kill it.
As far as rhyming it ain't nothing I been spittin'.
Now I'm just showing my ass I'm a prince wit' it.

Lord knows you been tryna get it together.
Make a lil plan and get ya niggas together, make a million whatever.
They say it get worse before it get any better.
Then ya tell em.

So here's a message from the wise.
Sometimes the struggle is a blessin' in disguised.
And sometimes the lesser will advise.
But they ain't got a vision so never take directions from the blind.
I'm just perfecting all my rhymes all they ever did was whine.
That's ironic I'm the one that's getting better with the time.
But whatever just never let em get you off ya grind.
And when opportunity knock you just be there when it arrives.
And its definitely your time ain't nobody stopping this.
Just keep on watching out and keep o clocking in.
I know they doubting you the funnt thing about it is.
Even a bunch of zeros will never amount to shit.
You see where I'm coming from.
If they looking down on you that must mean your coming up.
And me I been the shit but that ain't nothing bro.
I'm tired off being nummber two lets go and be number 1.

