If You Can't Say Love Lyrics
by Visionaries.


 always here, 
 wrote the songs time we shared 
And. If you can't say, love will prevail, 
 love will over come, evil will fail. 
And, if you can't say love, 
, 
2MEX, 
I'll, say it for you 
Travel the globe and tell everyone to aim LOVE towards you: 
The feeling's, better than bass drums 
I'm, not the only person. That'S able to read the letter on your face. Hun 
I'll make an alternate ending 
It would all be worth it if I were to fall for defending 
The LOVE on my 12 inch is a LOVE. That'S unselfish 
Above all the hellish because of your well wish. 
 
SCRATCH BREAK 
, 
LMNO 
It all starts with JAH LOVE eradicate the hate. We got ta phillips head in a case: 
For your screw face
brought a new pace, 
Embrace grace cut the chase know our place 
In a world of anger with piles of waste, we're some do-gooders. 
With, the filteration 
We're mexican islander euro african asian 
Celebrate creator before creation vision, we're erasing 
, 
ZEN 
Patiently, taking all day waiting for the confrontations to cease 
And the nations to do as we've done. 
Replacement killers LOVE a good fight, 
A goodnight kiss takes the queen but protects the king's life 
While worldwide. Peace is just a figment and now is where we're livin' 
We can hold on to the vision. Do our ancestors right 
By our decisions, thanks givin' to the most 
For, the host of believers and this ghetto child's acheivements 
To, all the berevements we are ... 
 
KEYKOOL 
Life is LOVE. My wife is LOVE 
Impossible, not to write. This LOVE won't fight. This LOVE 
But I'll fight for, what's inside my blood and beliefs, 
Passed through my ancestory and family tree 
From, my grandparents to my parents to me 
Helped me get through the dark when I could barely see 
Thank you for taking care of me and caring for me. 
This one goes to those who show us: L-O-V-E, 
, 
DANNU 
Don't, stop saying what LOVE I'll say it with you, 
The music, that we make and working out the kinks and issues 
I'm, seeing how the scene needs. Variety arts, 
Just, applying good ethics and LOVE, is where it starts. 
Got a lot of LOVE, though, from musicians to the fans 
Walking life in many circles, understood in many lands, 
Feels good, where I stand much higher to go 
Take the time to say peace, see you at the next show: 
 
