Immortal Memory Lyrics
by Unnamed.


Why am I here? I'm still trying to figure it out.
This life ain't fair, and the fact that I'm still here leaves me with no.
doubt.
There's people who's life ended so premature.
And I've had too many chances to make my life as meaningful as yours.
But it never will be, because you're succesful and your life's filled with.
laughter.
And I know deep inside that there ain't a chance of me being a famous rapper.
And of my own destiny, I know that I'm the master.
But recently it feels as though there's another who's much faster.
And stronger and smarter and I just wanna fall apart like bad plaster.
Cause I can't keep up, and the.
angel of death's coming closer with her touch.
But anyone who knows me will tell you I'll rip shit up before I ever give shit.
up.
My life will be successful, I'll make sure of it.
Because when I'm gone I want you to remember that I never did quit.
I just wish I could stay forever, I don't wanna die.
I'd be fucking crucified before I ever commit suicide.

I don't wanna leave this world.
But when I do, remember me.
I wanna stay in your mind.
I'll be an immortal memory.

I'm tired of hanging around this place like Robin Williams.
Because it feels like I'm never ever gonna make millions.
But then I remember that it isn't all about the money.
And I think of all the people that adore me.
They'd do anything I asked of them, they're like fucking minions.
But recently I've been having these fucked up visions.
I feel like I'm gonna snap cause my rap career won't get far.
And I just flip and go crazy like Chris Benoit.
I'm mad enough to throw my own body in front of a moving car.
All because nobody ever recognized Unnamed bars.
What if I'm not remembered?
What if nobody cared about that cold night in September.
Where I took my own life? Then what would be the point?
I might aswell hang around for a while cause it ain't my time to leave this.
joint.
And like I said before, I don't wanna die.
This is a 'what if' situation that constantly runs through my mind.

Man if I left this world tomorrow, who would actually give a fuck?
At my funeral my family would cry and a few friends would show up.
My girl wouldn't know what to do, but I want her to stay strong.
And even if it wasn't with me, I'd want her life to carry on.
If she moved on from me and fell in love with another guy.
All I can say is at least the baby has her beautiful eyes.
And his ass is getting haunted if he don't treat her nice.
Nah, fuck that, I'll climb my rotted ass out of the ground.
And bury him like a bone I found.
Cause I'm a pit bull, when it comes to my special someone.
No one's stopping me, like a teenage boy in a school with a machine gun.
I'm just not ready to die, give me a few more years.
I don't want my loved ones to be in tears, I'm on a mission.
To delay my biggest fear, laying in the supine position.
But I'd never go the same way as Cobain.
Just thinking about it fills me with pain.
See out here in this game, I'm Unnamed.
But when I'm gone I hope you think of Ste in your brain.

