Inner self destruct Lyrics
by Punsy.


Every morning that I'm waking, I feel I need some changing
I wan na do some great things like doing shows in beijing
The obstacles. I'M facing are messing up my pacing
Now everyday. I'M aging, I feel, like time, is wasting
I'm saying that all the time I'm taking up is fading
Or. Maybe I'm slowly going crazy cuz, I'm failing
I feel my self esteem deescalating
I'm feeling, like I hate me all. My inner confidence is breaking
It's aching and shaping me into someone. That'S angry
That ain't me.. It may seem like it, but it can't be
I feel a massive hole in my heart and it's gaping
 .... It'S affecting the very way I'm behaving
 ..., I'm tired living life like I'm eighteen
 .... I'M tired, treating time like a play. Thing
I'M, not lazy, but I need rearranging.
 ... procrastinating should no longer plague me
But. On the other hand, i've said this in the past.. If I
Give myself, another chance, will it be just as bad 
It gets me pissed and mad.? Why do I live like that? 
Why can't? I pick a different path and just forget the facts: 
I wan na try everything with my potential maxed
I'm committing acts now with it. Snipped in half
I can only express this through my gift of rap
I'm fighting myself. It'S not a winning match

I'm fighting myself I'mma be nothing
I'm. Fighting myself, I can be something
I'm fighting myself, i'mma be worthless
I'm. Fighting myself, I can be perfect
I'm fighting myself. I should be dead
I'm fighting myself. I should be ahead
I'm fighting myself, I'm gon na fail
I'm, fighting myself. I will prevail
I'm fighting myself

I can hear a voice say you should finish and quit it
Diminish existence just give in and listen
Admit it. This instance. You sense an indifference
With living in mischief. Now, here's a decision
Relinquish, your spirit elicit your sickness
Put thin slits in this wrist. Let it drip for minutes
Or end it with quickness like Kelvin did
Shoot yourself, with a pistol go to hell with him
My eyes swell with tears, and I wake up screaming
I rebuke that evil in the name of jesus 
That kind of wayward dream, is not the way I'm thinking
Now. I'M laying sleepless nothing say: I'm speechless
But going through that moment helped me find a secret
I'm not only fighting reason. I'M fighting demons
Through all these times, I'm seeing That's it's christ, I'm needing
Through him. My life has meaning my inner fight's completed
 
