Insomniac Lyrics
by Unnamed.


I got the D's, the sweet and the sour.
But when it's sweet, the nightmares wake me up every hour.
So I take the sour dies just to get me to sleep.
Now I've only slept twenty hours out of three fucking weeks.

I write lyrics as I creep.
Around the house looking for some inspiration, I peak.
Into closets and binders.
Just searching for reminders.
That we have someone behind us.
Cause people can try to grind us.
But they'll get taken away, minus.
And like the cast of Lost, I'm wondering 'Will they ever find us?'.
But I know they'll never find us.
I just write raps so that my life doesn't feel so fucking timeless.
And I'll forever be the failure bowing down to your highness.
I got too much on my mind, in my bed I'm sat.
Day dreaming of sleeping, but I just can't do that.
I gotta write another track.
I need to sleep but I can't, as I sit back.
I ask myself, 'Am I an insomniac?'.

Sweet dreams are made of these.
Who am I to disagree?
Imagining fame, but dreaming of beasts.
It's time to face the facts.
I think I'm an insomniac.

There's so many stars out this time of year.
I never noticed that before.
You should see the way the moonlight reflects off the garden floor.
I could sit here staring out my window 'till the clock strikes 4.
But shit, I've gotta write lyrics if I wanna be on tour.
I wanna kill mics and steal mics.
I pop a pill in fright just so I can feel like.
Throwing my pen out the window and giving all the haters a real fight.
I wanna be a poster, on someone's bedroom wall.
I wanna have my platinum record hanging in the hall.
Until that day, I'm sitting here just waiting for a call.
From a producer who heard my shit and thought I was walking tall.
So I stay awake, trying to make my dream a reality.
So that one day I'll spit a freestyle and all you'll hear is FATALITY.
So that one day I'll be the leader, you can call me the sheikh.
But how the fuck can I follow my dreams if I don't sleep?

I lay awake some nights, thinking why my Father wasn't there.
I lay awake some nights, thinking why some people don't care.
I lay awake some night, blasting music through my headphones.
I lay awake most nights, because I'm stuck in my zone.
I'm writing and writing, and the caffeine is fighting.
Keeping me awake but when I fall asleep it turns violent.
These images in my head, all these bodies are dead.
This is why I stay awake all night in my bed.
Looking at the fucking time, it's 3AM as I write this track.
Am I an insomniac or do I just say that.
For your empathy, so that subconsciously.
I feel better about me.

Sweet dreams are made of these.
Who am I to disagree?
Imagining fame, but living with beasts.
You'll never know what it's like to be me.

Sweet dreams are made of these.
Who am I to disagree?
Imagining fame, but living with beasts.
You'll never know what it's like to be me.

