Intro Lyrics
by Sway & King Tech.


Ayyo, I think it's time we give them a sign 
Take it back to seventy-nine when hip-hop would shine 
Of a good times, and the hood felt fine 
I mean we came from pro kegs to Bally's to afrocentric dreads 
From, nappy heads to now we being prawled by The feds 
From low-top fades to baldheads to braids 
To doo rags with tilted hats, 
And cats carrying razor blades inside their mouth 
Before. We was gettin crunk and going dirty dirty south 
Know. What I'm sayin It was all about what a nigga would spit from his mouth. 
How much weight to a hole 
Back when the Cold Crush Brothers was fresh, fly, wild and bold 
Kool, Moe, Dee versus Busy Bee Force MC's and the Fantastic Freaks 
Mc Spoony G on the wheels of steel, Grandmaster D 
Or, Flash and DST sparking their wild style. 
With. That spinback, that made the other cats go wild. 
Let me tell you son, we goin back to porce tapes to four tracks 
When. We always wanted more tracks 
From the SP-1200, with two point: five seconds per sampling pack 
That was all we had, but niggas was glad. 
They could loop the beat, so maybe they could scoop. The street 
This is back when Marley Marl first dropped the Symphony, 
The eighty-six MC era, when Rakim struck all y'all crap MC's with terror, 
And, Kool G Rap and Kane flipped track to argue who was better 
And. Yes, some would stress, it was KRS from the Bronx 
And. He proved that MC Shan from Queens was no conte 
Then. We flash to the nineties when shit got all grimey 
And everybody was claimin, they was thug gansta or crimey. 
When WTC just appeared on the scene. 
This was the first time when everybody start to make some real cream 
And New York niggas walked around with fronts in their teeth. 
The next thing you know east coast and west coast caught beef. 
And noone knew how far it would go. 
'Till. We lost two great soldiers and now we cherish their souls. 
Two heroes, hip-hop industry now resorted down to numbers of ones and zeroes 
From mono to stereo from analog to digital 
Now, hip-hop life support's stuck on critical 
Let's, take it back before MTV and BET 
Before. The commercials by KFC ATT and Mickey D's 
Before, all you gangstas and G's pimps and hoes 
Let's, take it back to the original flows. 
Of an MC, his DJ, the mic and the show 
The crowd, yelling Hoooo 
And off on the way we go 
Let's. Take it out of the matrix 
Ayyo Tech, yo Sway. Let'S get back to the basics, 
 
Heavy breathing
, 
