Ion Do Dat Lyrics
by ZMoney.


Cops do the cuffing and chasing, don't do that.
Don't want your information, don't do that.
Cops do the cuffing and chasing, don't do that.
Don't want your information, don't do that.

Cops do the cuffing and chasing, don't do that.
Don't want your information, don't do that.
Trying to hold a conversation, don't do that.
I don't do that... why they do that?
X2.

Look.
Whole lot of niggas, 'bout two or three models.
We need a session with strippers and bottles.
We be them niggas that's setting 'em trends.
Them be them niggas: them niggas that follow.
Got us a bottle, still bought us the bottle.
Two or three shooters outside in a Tahoe.
Need to slow down cause I'm losing myself.
Then she sit on my lap and then loosen my belt.
High as a kite, jook us a stripper on Saturday night.
Tell me the price, I'll pay it all.
Next morning after, we hit up the mall.
That be the time when them bitches will call.
Might be that li'l ho I met from DePaul that I never called.
I tell her I'm busy, she call me again.
Hang up on her: that's a call from a friend.
Her mama had two, I should fuck her li'l twin.
Daddy car nice, we should fuck in his Benz.
She got her a man, I didn't fuck her again.
And she always say him some shit like JNeal the man, but....

I'm coaching, I'm playing, I'm scoring, I'm shooting, the gun can't come out.
the game.
These bitches, they fuck me and suck me and say my name, forever I'm paid.
But no, I don't love me no bitch, don't cuff 'em at all, there's none in my.
game.
I'm filling my Swishers with gas, I'm smoking away, relieving my pain.
And no, I don't hurt from no bitch, I'm shedding these tears from not getting.
paid.
I'm trying to get chubby and move to Miami, get laid and sell lemonade.
This bitch I just met say I ?? up, I got head and bust in her face.
She thought I was sweet and she asked us some money so I hit the rich homie.
Get the fuck out my face.
Surrounded by mob, just me and my mobsters.
We mobbing.
We just mobbing.
Bitch.

