Is He Gon' Pop Lyrics
by Antonym.


Now, I'm sure many of you in this room have experienced this in some form..
You must know how uncanny it is to suddenly be thrown out of the normal course.
of your life..
And you'll think: what was I doing?

What was I doing?

I don't know why I think of you when I hear this song.
Make me feel that beat gotta express my wrongs.
Express my thoughts.
Cuz' nobody coming up to me, asking how I feel well imma tell you.
Imma tell you, real straight up.
Had me feeling real blue from the dumps I came up.
Throw away my shame out, rearrange the game up.
Game plan lead me south, bird from the flock helped me up.
My crush was my crutch.
The way we fell together was like the basket and the ball so clutch.
Goddess as such, defibrillator reviver.
My girl so hot sometimes I need a fucking visor.
Haha, uhn, fly her out to Cali.
Got her by the pool being cool in the valley and.
This ain't a front nor a stunt nor a pair of rhymes.
Just me on my flex shit hit the gym sometimes.
She a lot more than nothing.
You know i feel sorry it's just i'm going through something.

Yeah I'm going through something.
Said.
I'm going through something.

I dress kinda different now you peeping from your eye corner.
Heard you know I'm Bi-Polar, every night I cry bolder.
Real G's reveal timidities.
Vulnerabilities, no I don't pretend to be.
Nobody else but the kid my parents raised.
Arthur Rimbaud I praised, he got me through the apparent phase.
Of depression, almost squeezed the Smith and Wesson.
Recognized in the sky someone up there blessing me.
I miss my grandmothers oh so much.
Oh too much don't even know the half of it.
I'm making to many point's you couldn't make a graph of it.
Y'all really don't get it, don't get it.
Try to put in words but the words won't fit it, won't fit it.
Why the frog ribbit frog ribbit.
Like I love my Pops I dun' try to write you a letter.
Couldn't pull myself together, put the draft in the shredder.
Something bout' recording takes the life out of words.
I dun' teared up writing this shit.
So now I just recite this shit.
Know it was true for a second maybe rewrite this shit.
You know I like this shit.
Tryna get you to bite this shit.
It's all good.

I know I got my issues baby I just ask you to love me like you do.
Love me like you do.

Love me till' you're through, Love me till' you're through.
Do this shit for you, anything I do.
I know you got me on lock.
Is Antonym gon' pop?

