Islay Lyrics
by Voli.


Yah Name written in the stars, 
Yah know Pain, written in my scars, 
Yah Name written in the stars. 
Islay you to sleep, yah Islay, you to sleep, 
, 
Oh, hey whattup, wit ya, Another day, another dolla 
Another song, another cliché, I'll prolly, holla, 
Like, “I'm, better than blah blah blah 
I'm, so cool yada, yada women love me. Ooh la la la” 
They want cocky varsity letterman flow 
Couple punch lines like I'm telling a hell of a joke. 
This is more Revenge of the Nerd cheerleader. Want me on her 
Now. She don't want a quarter back. She more about a dollar 
Uh. She more about a dollar she more about a dollar 
She, more about a dollar 
Funny things change, shoulda, caught him out of college 
You jerk. I feel like Walter White right now, 
Gavidia run through it yeah 
Yah same shit, different stall 
Ambition is in my blood. You driven as your garage 
Pour Gavidia, some Islay. He call it. Motor oil 
I got him sipping. It neat. No soda water at all. 
You got ta savor. The fire till the flavor's admired 
Baby fuck a hand me down. The greatest shit is acquired 
And yeah. I got a brand some artists, don't understand: 

To, my middle class, limbo, picket fence, purgatory 
Uh, something heavenly is flowing through my pulmonary 
Take, that 9 to 5 shove it up, ya, buttocks 
Baby, the wall, cumming glory hole and I'm busting 
This shit is over for all Of my brothers, 
Sorry Cole but I'll be owning the summer 
I'm global warming, this winter put OVO in the oven, 
Got Yeezy, all in my dinner to feed that hole in my stomach and Hova can't
even feel it 
Don't label me as a rapper, but Voli is more Than gifted 
Adele ain't, no competition, Taylor, I'll! Let you finish 
But not before Lady Gaga's, my gold digging baby mama 
I'll make Beyoncé retire. Uh Rick, Rubin you're fired 
And, Quincy I'll out-produce him like procreation in China, 
My population is rising. Not even MJ could fight it. 
And ummm, let's see who else oh Paul McCartney, don't want it 
Just. Let me finish this autograph signing for Warren Buffet, 
I'm eating. You see these calories. Even PETA is mad at me. 
Cuz I'm a fuckin animal pause, …bestiality 
Did it all on my own. Did it all at in my home 
Had my computer, designed to give me studio time 
Be the engineer? Ain'T? No other producer involved, 
I'm a god, I'm prophetic, I'm Veezus! Okay, I said it. 
Black Visa now give me credit. As soon as I get the interest 
You hitting me up for money, benefriends fuck, every buddy, 
 
Picture my face before you descend 
On your way down. Let me pour you a drink 
Is, it bitter Is it bitter 
Here's, a toast fuck, your life Islay 
Nouveau nouveau Nouveau nouveau 
Nouveau nouveau Nouveau nouveau
 
