Jack and the Beanstalk Lyrics
by Tyler.


They don't paint pictures, they just trace me.

Odd Future, I'm your mothafucking sergeant.
Nigga, I'm in charge, I fuck with Freshjive.
Cause I get it, no charge, and BBC for the low price.
No barging, nigga that's a bargain.
Cow print t-shirt like mothafucking dog.
On the mothafucking farm with cockadoddle doodles.
I'm making straight bitches pussy wet just like a noodle.
And my dick must be dog food to these bitches' poodles.
Felines on the free time, I'm tossing bitches' salads.
And I'm eating up they croutons, Erica to Milan.
We was flying to Milan, was supposed to go to Bangkok.
Until she figured out that she don't really like to bang cock.
To Soho, Baby Milo so dope.
The cocaine flow, niggas spit heat, propane.
Niggas get the picture, I see, why?

Yo, beside me, nobody likes me.
Mainly because I am not a fucking HypeBeast.
I think Supreme suck, we gnarly in our Nikes.
I can wear some Wranglers, with a fucking White T.
Doo-rags to match, and I do sag.
In fact, my hat is in tact with the Fubu pull over.
Nigga, you pull over, fuck a Rover Range.
And I'm driving a unicorn, plus my bitch is strange.
And I'm the only fucking rapper without a chain.
With a four finger ring like I can't spell my fucking name.
And I go to Obama rallies screaming out McCain.
Them ignorant thrashing mothafuckers is my gang.
And the dirty Ladera, I can't forget where I came from.
Nigga, you don't claim none, fun I am the teacher.
White and black bitch like she's a mothafucking zebra.
Candies in my pocket, I see you niggas on Easter.

The gold is in the back.
The bitch is in the front.
The beat's a fucking bully.
The lyric's just a punk, man.
The pink is in the sky.
The gold is in my mind.
The mind is in my gold.
The beat is turning old, so go.

Synthesizer, I'm the mothafucking master.
Nigga, I'm a bastard, I fuck with chord keys.
Cause the sound lasts longer, bass drummer song.
And a hi-hat made of plastic, nigga's sound is elastic.
Nigga, you can bite this, unless you want to bite back.
I didn't take my fucking Ritalin, this is a hype track.
HypeTrack that and send it, nigga it's a sack shit.
I had you motherfuckers eating salad like a fat bitch.

Drop it, Ace the Creator, O.F.M, banging on your FM.
Ace the Creator, drop the drums, nigga, thank you to HypeBeast.

