JDZmedia - Yung Sedz [SPITFIRE] Lyrics
by Yung Sedz.


... Yo...Yung Sedz... Ol tight my boys Ge Evs ...JDZMedia... These are the.
levels you man are tryna get to... Yuna... Spitfire... Aite imma go in.
now...look look....
Mans name is Yung Sedz.
And I'll put your career to bed.
You dropped your mixtape the other day and it still only got 2 plays.
Your mum and your brother.
And that's why you shouldn't spit another.
Bar, cause our levels are far away like a star.
Rah. Sending me shots like World War Two, and I got a license to kill.
And I'll use it.
I'll abuse it.
Fuck your whole team up.
It'll break your team like elastic extended.
Your bars need to be mended.
Like a broken roley but if I got a broken roley I just snatch it from one of.
your homies.
Ca you man act hard but are soft inside like bueno.
And ain't got no one following you like a kid bullied in school.
Na not me though ca I'm Yung Sedz and I'll empty a full clip through your nans.
head.
Tell you to suck your mum while your listening to song.
And I doubt you'll come back from this cause any time you send for me your.
digging your own grave deeper.
And I'm the Grim Reaper.
That's why I'm removing all the whack rappers from the grime scene.
But I ain't been for a while ca I took a break.
And that's why I got my fans asking me where I've been.
Ca they don't see me when I'm passin.
Ca they don't hear me when I'm gassin.
Ca you can't recognise me under a baloclava.
Ca it makes me look 'arder.
And I'm spitting this fire so hard you'd of thought you'd fallen in some.
molten lava.
And I'm just tryna be the grime godfather.
Kick every rapper out the way like their a football.
Cause to me this is just a game.
So listen closely to every bar I spit.
To every MC that I diss.
Ca I'm coming for the top spot.
And I won't stop until im there.
At a level above you, your level is a level under the level that I be at now.
And this is the end like the credits.
And you best not forget it.
So lemme thank my notebook and my pen.
That have got me to the level I'm at now.
But now I'm at my level I don't know why I'm still talking to some certain.
rappers.
Cause that's wasting my time like I threw away my roley.
And some of you man might not know me.
But soon you'll see that I'm a dope MC.
And if any of my enemies are misbehaving.
Nothing will be able to save them.
Cause my minds dark like a raven.
And you in intensive care.
Is what'll happen if you come round here.
And before anyone says I ain't worked for my success.
To get the spotlight I ain't never spent one p.
Only view I paid for was a box in Wembley.
So if your gonna send for me, make sure your a certy MC, otherwise I won't see.
you like my eyes are closed.
And that's something you should've been taught.
So don't say name, Voldemort.
You ain't spitting in my game, wrong sport.
You should've thought.
About the consequences that will happen if you battle a real MC.
Yeah that's me, but we all know that already.
And you definitely were not ready.
So big up Giroud ca I'm bringing out my arsenal.
All the weapons that I'll be reppin.
So youd've thought it was a new combo taken straight from Tekken.
But right now I'm just preppin.
For my next move, it'll be so big your bound to lose.
And on this mic I'm just here to prove.
That I'm destined to be.
One of the greatest grime MC's.
Ca I got so many punchlines there'll be marks on your lyrical book.

Ca I've lived in a haunted house.
And for a week I never came out.
But you man rep your city and still never come out of the middle of your.
borough.
Your level is Championship, Middlesborough.
Yo ima bad man I get the bang bang started.
End your career your gonna have to get it restarted.
Your beats smelly bit like you farted.
I'll crack your crew you man are gonna be parted.
Yo your girls a ratchet.
Your chain I'll snatch it.
This beat a madness.
And I'm just giving you facts.
Like how your bars are whack.
And your mums condom snapped.
Yeah that's why your here.
But your still not near me.
Ca eavesdropping is the only time you overhear.
Get it? Over here.
But you man ain't over here cause if you man were over here.
You wouldn't last like a cheetah chasing a dear.
Yeah I can see your fear.
So I might just end it here.
Cause now it's clear that I'm the one that's second to none.
Who won't hesitate to reply if any man send for me.
Cause it won't be the end of me.
Yung Sedz this just the warm up what the uf you thought this is.
Dunknoe.

Shout out JDZMedia.
Yeah Watch out cause I got big things coming ya know me.
Yung Sedz innit.
Reppin grime always.
Dunknoe... dunknoeeee.

