Jigga My Nigga Lyrics
by Ruff Ryders.


Roc-A-Fella Ruff Ryders. Swizz Beats It's almost over ya'll Jigga Uh uh, 
uh, uh Lights out, niggas 
 .
 What'S my mother, fucking name 
 And who I'm rolling with huh 
 uh-huh-huh-uh-huh 
Niggas better, get it right, bitches, better, get it right, !
 What'S my mother fucking name 
 And who I'm rolling with huh 
 uh-huh-huh-uh-huh Niggas better, get it right, bitches, better get
it, right, 
 
Sold, the crack when I was down in AC 
Back on the block Jay-Z mother fucker from the the the Roc 

Brooklyn, be the place Where I serve them, thangs 
Be, my niggas was struggling to the'burbs. They came 
And. Then we got to hustling mudering thangs 
I dipped in my stash splurged on a chain 
Now, I'm Titianic Iceberg's, the name. 
Leave players on injured reserve hurt the game 
The best way to describe me in the word insane. 
I dick down, chicks all emerged in my fame 
Jigga been dope since Slick Rick's first chain. 
The, God send you back to the earth from which you came 
I'm baking. Soda waterfire merged with'cane 
Ladies, don't know me said I heard he's vain, 
Well guess what mommies I heard. The same 
You heard the name: 
 
Got a license to kill. So I stay the gat 
Roc-a-fella Ruff Ryders nigga scared a that 
Got a new motto this year. Don'T Fuck With My Ones 
Knock on your door three in the morning, It's just us and our guns 
See. I scrambled with priests, hustle with nuns 
Got the mind capacity of a young Butch Cassidy 
Niggas get fly, let'em defy gravity, 
Four-five rapidly, lift your chest. Cavity 
Streets! Won'T, let me chill 
Always been a clumsy nigga. Don'T let me spill 
Mother fuckers wan na wet me still. 
I remain ya'll Raw, the one like five divided by four 
Shit, this just the hate, that's been provided by ya'll 
Reciprocated and multiplied by more 
You, likely to see Jigga in a Wide Body or 
Drop-top. Bently is all Holla at me. Ya'Ll 
 
I don't give a fuck if I sold one or one million, but I think you should 
Cause. If I only sold one, then out comes the hood 
The all black. In the gloves, the outcome - ain't good 
Them niggas act like wolves. How come They could 
Cause, we don't drop, hits we drop bombs that smash 
Till. The wrists is lit up. The arm looks like glass, 
The, necklace, chipped up the charm, it flash 
Could fuck up your eyes like the bombest hash 
See. The reason why chicks? Let me palm they ass. 
All I got ta. Do is let'em call me Shawn de'Glass 
Let me sit up in they whip till I launch it back 
Snap they neck, then shoot'em till they aren't sent back 
The calmest cat trust me when I palm this gat 
Kill. Your mind, body and soul, push your conscience back 
Monster's back and Flex drop a bomb to that 
And everybody sing-a-long to the track, Come on 
 !
 What'S my mother fucking name 
 And who I'm rolling with huh 
 uh-huh-huh-uh-huh Niggas better, get it right, bitches, better get
it, right Who ?
 What'S my mother fucking name 
 And who I'm rolling with huh 
 uh-huh-huh-uh-huh Niggas better, get it right, bitches, better get
it, right Who ?
 What'S my mother fucking name 
 And who I'm rolling with huh 
 uh-huh-huh-uh-huh Niggas better, get it right, bitches, better get
it, right Who ?
 What'S my mother, fucking name 
 And who I'm rolling with huh 
 uh-huh-huh-uh-huh Niggas better, get it right, bitches, better get
it, right
, 
