Jimmy Buffet Lyrics
by ZOOpfish.

P-Body 
Uh its the Jimmy Buffet of Rap music, 
 
pfish, 
Sit back and relax to it, 
Then throw that Hawaiian shirt on 
 
P-Body 
Sit in the sun. While these girls get their twerk on 
 
Roof top tan sipping, margaritas, 
Via, Shmia filling up another liter 
We. The type to add a little more tequila 
Then a then call up the senioritas 
Jimmy Buffet Jimmy Buffet man. I think I'm Jimmy Buffet 
Got me drinking all day, like its nothing like its nothing 
Nothing more than some summertime, loving 
Man. I think I'm Jimmy Buffet 
 
Hello pool party at the zoo. How are you come thru, no shirt, no shoes, 
Tell dude piece, throw on a 2 piece with da flip flop. 
Turning up that will smith hip hop 
 
Liv 
Summer summer summertime, 
 
Did, someone say something: bout, making a slip, n' slide 
Sipping right fins is right, fins to the left, 
But, all the girls yellin out p fishy, the best 
How, a pirate look at 19. Look at my team, my scene 
Mami, no shit ship 
So, we party in the driveway 
Hi bae Friday. Why wait 
Thirsty Thursday, Wednesday 
Tuesday Monday 
Aye? It'S 5 o clock some place: 
Um, hey chick off the runway. Looking like Beyoncé wan na catch, some sun rays, 
She said maybe someday, but right now I got ta study 
Woah, who the fuck study's. When it's sunny 
She said sorry didn't notice. It was out 
Winked and got undressed. That'S what the zoo is all about: 
, 
Getting waisted again in Margaritaville, 
Raise ya cup. If ya need a fill, oh, if ya need a fill. 
Some people think there's someone to blame, but we know we know 
It's our own. Damn fault, 
, 
See guys. Like me, we don't like to stay thinking. 
And, nothing takes the waves like a little day. Drinking 
Train, ya, liver, like it's. An Olympic swimmer sinking, 
Oh ya wan na get in Just toss us an Abe, Lincoln 
Wear, Bikinis bottoms all about that bass like fender 
Taking, shifts shit who be mixing on the blender 
Might just turn into a weekend. Bender 
That chick just booted., Go ahead and send her 
Come and party with the zoo crew all damn day. 
Living life like right right. It'S all! Ok 
Cooking on the grill, while we're sparking up a j 
Fuck it turning jimmy buffet into jimmy buffÉt 
Best. Believe we're doing this until, like i don't even know when 
8 hour party shower, then the bar. We go in 
Now these girls, so wild with the skin. That they be showing 
Baiting fish just like a shark and best believe my fin is growing 
, 
Liv, 
Getting waisted again in Margaritaville 
Raise ya cup. If ya need a fill, oh, if ya need a fill
 
