Juice Part 1 Lyrics
by Sway & King Tech.


Juice 
Yo yo: let's do it like this ... yo yo 
To, any nigga, I'm the one on the poster holdin' Janet 
I might just be the dopest freestyle nigga on the planet. 
When, I rock the mic. I bust it off like a gauge 
I. Let this niggas know freestyles ain't from a page 
They younger than models that be workin' for Calvin 
Ask em' to freestyle it's the stuff, that's on they album 
Well I'ma, tell em' somethin' it's time for gettin' noble-in 
When, I rock mics. My stuff is never written. 
I wish a nigga would try to come and test 
What. I got I put this microphone straight through his chest. 
I, don't care where he from from here to Connecticut 
He, get shredded with etiquette subject and a predicate 
Never. Let it get outta pocket when I rock it 
MC Juice plugged in like a mother-F'in, socket 
I, don't even got ta cuss when I bust 
Turn authors to ashes and mc's to dust. 
Who really think they want to get meticulous and kick this rediculous 
Rip microphone. You can't freestyle and it's conspicuous 
When. I freestyle, I tell mc's, they can't rock me. 
Mc Juice is dope. I bash his skull, like I was Rocky 
Somebody told me ever since my birth 
I was the dopest nigga off of the top on planet earth 
So. If any brother wan na bring it to the Wake Up, 
Bring yo' dice bring Cognac. So we can shake up. 
And have a good time like J.J. Evan 
Niggas are gay as Tevin. I take em' out right at eleven o'clock. 
Battles niggas, don't rock right! 
I get dirtier than pit bulls inside a cock fight, 
Niggas think they dope. I cook they styles slow and steady. Like a Croc pot, 
They gettin' on my nerves, like stupid, niggas trying to cock block 
And, don't try to diss me ya' whole style, whiskey, 
I have a nigga tipsy like he just hung with Dizzie 
Gillespie Crunch em' like Nestle, Elvis Prestley 

So who's. The next mc to try to flex 
I'll rock microphones and always be having sex 
And next time you wan na battle. We can do the constitution. 
And call my DJ for an F'in Revolution
 
