Just a Thought Lyrics
by XEL.


Riding at 85 anxieties may be high, 
Not trying to say goodbye, just flyin' the greyer skies 
But I wan na stay alive. So tell me what wasn't said right 
Thinking about what would happen. If I just run this red light. 
It'S chaos, I'm hoping it will pay off some day, ya'll 
 Gon na wonder where the real shit went and try to have a seance 
Spray walls with 98 cent paint cans, 
We'll play ball, but they lost. So I'm a take the game plan. It'S way off. 
Chopping over the top of them beats talking em to sleep 
If. They watching me better, be taking notes. You walking with the sheep 
Only to cops is when you speak homie. I thought you from the street. 
I live off the map middle of nowhere we'd, just toss. Em in a creek 
 
I won't sit with the masses 
In my zone lifted from wax hits 
Shown typical, wack shit, 
Don't mix with the masters 
My throne, giveth it back quick 
Homes lit with the matches, 
Blown liquids and gasses 
Go and sift through the ashes. 
 
 x2 
I will never know what you've been told. 
 
Wait too long and the food went cold. 
 
You see I'm kind of upset already rolled half the dro 
We, don't check. We know where the road has to go 
When. I claim that I know what no rapper knows. 
You'Ve been told that befo', but I got ta a flow. That'S controlled 
We'll never make a lot, but there is no laughter though 
Cause most the money's made is from what is sold after shows. 
My boat is sinking quick, I know, there's no cash below 
Hoping someday. It will change how this whole chapter goes. 
Money charts went to the peak 
But. How do you live Utopia, apartments cars? You got ta park, em' in the street 
And the price you paid to live there really starting to get steep 
But. You smile and say it's. My dream scars carved into your cheek 
 
Strange thoughts in the brain. Yes, 
Aim dots at the main threats: 
Same costs with the same checks, 
Ain't lost at this game, yet 
Heaven's gates remained locked 
Drive in the storms. The raindrops hit the Rain-X 
I. Just thank god for this Trainwreck 
 
