Just Chillin' Lyrics
by Zoo Babies.


Yeah we just chilling.
Yeah we just chilling.
We kickin' it.

I'm slappin' daps with a bunch of kids yappin'.
They gums off.
Running they mouth like Charlie Chaplin.
I'm uh.
I'm laughing at you punks all acting.
And now I'm waiting for the crowd to start their clapping and.
Applause, their face all in awes.
Like Aw damn these guys are great after all.
David Bowie was a bow and arrow, shaped as a lightning rod.
Singing, aiming, at the heart of Ziggy Star.

Boy I'm sticking to the script.
They falling off.
Even though I'm hella sick.
They calling off.
I'm in the band now they hopping on the bandwagon.
Bout to do things, things these other mans haven't.
I'm , they flew to us no BBM.
I be mad too, take a couple jabs too.
Cause my crew is cashews, nuts, baboons.

Yeah we just chilling.
Yeah we just chilling.
Yeah we just chilling.
We kickin it, we kickin it.
Yeah we just chilling.

I'm Rabbi Al Omari, spit in the face of  like the hand of God.
Rhythms I laced, there's none higher.
We the fire on a candlestick, channeling our minds.
And murderers managing the manifesto in my manuscript.
Manson with a micstand.
Hannibal, my right hand.
But hold the pen, I broke the skin.
Tearin' walls down like Andy DuFresne's escape routes.

Yeah, you know ducks fly together.
It's mighty morphin' time yeah we forming for the better.
The cooking network, I only use a spatula.
One man getting bunch of ass like the Bachelor.
Swagga therapy, I could get your swag up.
Rollin' with a hunchback of Notre Dame back up.
Cool as  girls, so what's happening?
On that green till the Happy Gilmore tappin' in.

Yeah we just chilling.
Yeah we just chilling.
Yeah we just chilling.
We kickin it, we kickin it.
Yeah we just chilling.

Big bearded barbarian till we.
right here.
Way beyond our time we move in light years.
We supposed to shine that's why there's no light here.
Get it understood there's nothing that I fear.
My feet cold, the clouds moist.
Feel the weight of the world upon my deltoids.
Help boys, I'm bout to pop my lid.
And snap the neck of these snapback kids.
Fuck your paperboy, I hate fucking paperboys.
Talkin' bout paperboys gon' make me lose my temper boys.
All: Why Vill' what is it? What happened?
I'm sick and tired of rich kids acting poor, poor.
Hard as if they are.
Part of me is here, but the other part is lost.
What good is looks and personality as ransom.
You could say whatever cause my momma said I'm handsome.
Cause my momma said I'm handsome.
Yeah my momma said I'm handsome.
Momma said I'm handsome.
You could say whatever cause my momma said I'm handsome.

Instrumental.

