Keep It On the Real Lyrics
by 3X Krazy.


Highside to the fullest,.
creepin up out tha house wit my mug on mean.
Lexus kinda clean crease in my jeans.
Ready ta hit dis, want everybody to get wit dis.
It's goin down tonight, up in the town tonight.
Rollin vegas on omega wit.
tha chronic sin.
Rolex on my wrist because I produce hits.
Got them groupies havin fits when I'm ridin past.
Tank full of gas, pocket full of cash.
Sideshow's goin down tonight, made a right on 73rd.
To purchase some act right, bounce back in.
Crack that hen, I'm.
worldwide like a fifth of gin.
Plus I'm in it to win,.
, check it I'm checkin yo' chin.
Ak south seven seven.
My cousin they keep it up on the block East legend.
There ain't no need to be steppin.
We flow nine'n, got em all rewind'n, now they all realize'n.
We ridin high side.

Keep it, on the real.
If you're real with me, I'll be real with you yeah.
).

It be astoundin, formatix around it, it paint drank down it.
Off the sound then you poundin, laugh and loungin.
Tryin to get lit, I'm.
sposed ta meet my folks at the club.
A cutie I tryin get that sneaky hit this bud.
What would you do for love? Or is it cause I.
That sickaluffa that you love, that's why I pull to the right.
To put extreme to the test, me lookin her in her eye.
She was surprised it was 3X in the flesh like stein.
On my collar, as I took another swallow.
Told tha trick to follow, let's kick flow a matic sky.
Ridin hard then Helen, and they forgot that they was trailin.
There wadn't no getaway.
But now, at the club, smooth sailin wit my eb's bailin.
Freakin it, all in the door worked up a sweat.
She gotta pass through my fro.
Went to the bar to get some mo'.
Krazy juice to show it be highside when we ride.
And representin the O.

Fresh out the club with a dub.
On the smelly ever and ready ta hit the hot tub or the telly.
Got my groove on, a twist of lime blended right.
Remy XO wit my lexo at the light.
3 deep, Krazy till I die.
on my mind.
Trick a nickle bag I need a 20 sack and the lime.
On time when prop a position, a pimp livin.
Kenneth Coles wit my bank roll, knee deep in my linen.
Right befidery times puttin down fo' the 96 bumpin hoes.
Down wit my six or yo' sidekick.
So ride this, West Coast till ya croak.
The best ho that ya know was next do'.
Gettin bumped by the finest, 3X in my mouth shinin.
Backstage Donna Karan shades, crushed diamonds.
I'm climbin, 2 the top like Pac when I rhyme.
Follow my path or get left fast far behind cause we highside.

3X Krazy , 3X Krazy.
Realize, ya better recognize.
Three times for ya mind.
Gotta keep it, c'mon.
3X Krazy.
3X Krazy.
Realize, ya better recognize, 3X for ya mind.
Want you got you realizin.
Gotta keep it.
Don't ya recognize, livin an all good life.
Livin while hell's inside.
Yo it ain't easy, easy, easy, easy.

