Keep It Real Lyrics
by Unonimus.


Define real holding a .9 mil 
Or 9 million dollars with overly
shined wheels 
Praying all night that you hopefully find skills. 
Or! Writing all the time'till, you're rhyming ill Divine will 
Asks that we separate from sin 
never cave again, 
And meditate on when we hesitate to lend a hand 
And these thoughts. They resonate within 
You, go on a guilt trip, so you swear to change and then 
You think you know it all. So you educate a friend 
But. They tell you that you're wrong and all y'all never make amends
 
Was. The divine will real or the friendship, fake. 
That'S a question for another time: another rhyme 
The question right now is: do you stick to your convictions? 
Or switch them up to fit it. You never listened from the beginning, 
But. Lately society's convincing you to give in 
So you'll sacrifice whatever for the image of the realist, 
 
I got ta, I got ta, I got ta have it, I got ta see it. 
I got ta, I got ta use it, I 
 Got ta, be it 
I got ta, I got ta. Do it? Ain'T got ta reason 
But. I got ta. Do this 
Mess to be the realist? 
 
I'm, not the realist, I'm just a realist. 
It gets so cold when you're looking at the world through a snowglobe on 
The tip of my index, ran out of
windex 
I'm losing sight of it all 
But, in spite of it, all, I'm still a fly on the wall. 
Flower, I'm mighty with all
power. My Psyche sees all 
Not even trying and y'all
cowards are scared of what tomorrow will bring 
I'm such a hypocrite, I', wallowing in sorrow and grief. 
And, that's real! I'M borrowing the mark of the beast 
So I'll unleash full 
Anger on beats. 
Can'T, wait to be free, our brains are trapped in a cell 
All because dumbing, it down just happened to sell 
It's like a race to be the last real N 
I-Double G-E-R Alive. But what defines that 
Does that define you, I think not, but it seems pride's becoming the next swine
flu .
 Becoming the next swine flu 
So get you vaccination'fore. It finds 
You 
x2, 
, 
While y'all fit in. I stray the followers path, always thinking, but don't even have an A in all of my
classes 
Thoughts. So morbid. I may just swallow some glass 
Right after I grab a drink and then break the bottle in half 
Right over my head and end it all right here. 
I'Ve been searching all my life for the end of this nightmare. 
That you call living well, I call living painful 
Look around the world and all you see is sinning angels, 
Hyporites brains, full of
stereotyped images, 
I'm sick of being judged by my sex age, skin or wit, 
Monetary benefits or lack of 
I, don't mean to sound so appalled, But it's ridiculous 
Explain to me what is real again. I forgot the concept 
I'm honestly indifferent, though 
I don't care about real. I don't care about fake 
I. Just want to be me: 
And, I don't care if that's too try hard deep or if I'm off 
Beat 

Though, so whatever 
 
