Kick Em in the Grill Lyrics
by 3rd Bass.

Serch Aiyyo Pete, it's Chubbs 
Chubb, Sup G 
Serch, Yo, Pete, 
Nice, Yo, Serch 
Serch. You know people tryin to gel us right, 
Try to gel 
Chubb Yeah dat 
Serch. So you know we got ta. We got ta rip this 
Chubb Serch. Let'S go kick that shit G! 
Drop it right here 
Serch Right here, like an asshole 
Chubb One, two 
Serch, One, two ya: don't stop 
 
MC Serch 
Grooves get kicked as Serch tries to flip like coins 
Pain like the foot to groins 
3 Strikes, but I didn't gel the head yet 
Why. You still vexed over things, I haven't even said yet: 
Yo Pete, put you part-time, like temps 
Scale, like a fence. Put you in the past tense 
You tried speedin, but you ain't fast enough to chase me 
So. What I did this bring the kit to Ben Casey. 
And, don't waste time 
Dopest tracks, so why you gon na waste rhymes 
I absorb like a sponge in the bozack 
I'm trifle get the rifle or I step back and crack slugs 
And my crew give pounds and hugs 
Tugs on my shirt. Let me know that I'm still pro-fessional 
And at the end of the session you'll know 
That the 3rd'll disturb the verb with the noun 
Shift, the sound so GET UP AND GET DOWN. Serch'Ll never stand still 
Try to flam I'll, be like Claude Van Damme and just kick em in the grill 
 
 { Kick em in the grill.. } { 3rd Bass, } 
 { Kick em in the grill.. } {, I'm Chubb Rock } 
 { Kick Em in the grill.. } { Serch } 
 { Kick em in the grill.. grill.. grill Pete } 
 
Pete Nice 
, like a camel to 
Missin the points of spliffs 
If. You wan na gamble, let it flow 
I ain't, Al Jolson and Sambo 
Low. Like a buddhist sniffin tree 
But that booty fat bass, it ain't movin me 
To, be or not to be on your FM 
Step to the AM the gimmicks I'll play, em 
I, say em, while I'm takin 40 swigs 
A Chinaman eats with two twigs 
Called your numbed 9-7-0 PISS 
Goodfella. You can tell you're on my hitlist 
For this. I stick like a splinter. 
Play ya, like a sphincter cause, my title's Minister 
Serch said kick em I gas em and trick em 
Rhymes like now, Chubb stick em 
 
Chubb Rock 
Jump jump with the man with the plan. Chubb Rock 
You know a judo, a chop chop chop, 
From, stereo, monarch, rationalize the grammar 
It's like that and ah.. and ih.. ih... If I stammer 
Or sa-st-stutter english found in the gutter 
Or the sewer. While I talk like Pete Puma 
How many lumps do you want inside your coffee 
Isn't about time isn't about time, you stepped off me 
Yo Chubb. Are you the best? Are you the one 
That large chest? Well, nevertheless, my 
Finger won't do the walkin through cleavage. 
I got a girl of my own she's at home. 
Chubb is not conceited. I'M convinced of the fact 
Vanilla sold, seven million copies of some shit that was wack 
He can wrap his lips around a big black cock. 
He needs no more pressed. Let me stop 
Cherry crusaders clean clairvoyany concepts, 
Claiming critical conversations that came in..to view 
Of 3rd Bass, mixed with Chubb Rock until 
We kick the motherfucker in his umm 
G-R-I-L-L-L word up: that's the grill 
 
MC Serch 
Chill 
Hold up Chubbs! You got lifted 
 { Word up }. What'S the science 
 
