King T (Cali Expert) Lyrics
by The Union.

Ha hah 
No deezee, heh, 
 
When. They need work, they call the cali drug expert 
Smashin in a six hundred dollar bill burnt, 
Lookin, flossy, livin, costly and off the edge 
Out of state. They gots to break bread. Fo' sho' 
I needs mo' ice drops for the Lex-o 
Baguette sets glow when I'm stippin the Mo' 
Freelancin tryin to build a mansion and stay faded. 
Have hoes walk around my crib buttnaked 
The gravy train chronic got me losin. My brain 
But soothin my pain, I'm true to the game. 
I got my mind made. I got ta, be that rich motherfucker 
Set it up. So my grandkids don't suffer 
The fat Hummer, the fat drummer. What'S your choice, 
Tryin to find a sister with a voice make her moist 
My thirst runs deeps as Lake Tahoe 
In, the black Tahoe 
911 codes, all over the Bravo 
Ain't nuttin, but tabledancers and strip models. They bring bottles, 
But trip niggas at parties grabbin they best friend 
Tryin to dodge from the Aftermath. Entourage, 
No, camouflage, fine, linen fine women 
Busters get slugs in em 
I twist my spliffs with the green. I make a sick scene 
Scream through some six by nines and fifteens 
Tighten, my rhymes, like bitch jeans, 
Mix, my dimes, with ginseng controllin. This thing 
Rock on get your ride on when you hear it, 
The forbidden, gangland, lyrics, 
Playa, haters, fear it get you right up. Close near it 
Posessed by the Eazy-E spirit, 
Dr. Dre set the limit and niggas won't cross. This line. 
It'S suicide and niggas won't cross this line. 
In your mouth puffin with my niggas down South 
What, the fuck. It'S really all about me: 
I'm comin out front and back ninety-eight Brougham 
All, you fake G's, stay home 
Leave, the shit alone, King T's, back on the throne 
And, my niggas on the mic straight gone, CRAZAY, 
Y'all, niggas, wan na know the real deal, 
I freestyle and Smack you in your grill 
Bomb lyrics no special effects or gimmicks. 
The Aftermath'll put you in the mix: beyotch 
 
Hah Organized Rhyme, in effect 
Peace to my nigga Nino.
 
