Knocking Pictures Off Da Wall Lyrics
by Yungstar.

Ridin blowin' big, sippin' on a daily basis.
Quick to hop out on your block and wreck faces.
Slanted slabs in open spaces, looking good and standing tall.
Beatin' down the block, knocking pictures off the wall.

Yungstar.
Man, I come around your block turnin heads and ridin slow.
With a pocket full of money but I gots to get mo.
Standin grain my body swang as I swoop from lane to lane.
To be seen without bang is like a piece without a chain.
Jock me, knock me, but that kind of stuff don't stop me.
Since i've wanna be a balla I got the world wanna watch me.
Don't hate just wait for me to skate down ya street.
Balled out smoke a sweet with benjamin franklins on my feet.
Ball fade hit em with shades never afros and braids.
We stackin can of raid cause all roaches getting sprayed.
Not cappin just a reala still making playa choices.
Show da gat, show da horses, hear my name in different voices.
Juiced up and toed down on my flip makin my rounds.
Smellin' like a pound drippin finna paint to tires.
Makin way how I play leanin' hard unless you doze.
Hopped up huggin Lo's.
With mansion floors and starchy clothes.

Yungstar.
Man, dats da Garden for real flippin' lexus to Seil.
Mashin 90 on the feeder.
With a dark senorita.
And some long haired Italian.
Piece and chain medalion.
My currency increasin, I'm droppin 50 on they gallon.
I gots to come froze, but they all say I'm cold.
Flip slap da cross watch my currency unfold.
I think you ride long seven dayz at the creek.
Flex tatted on my arm, Hieroglyphics maybe Greek.
Never brag never boast, fly'n coast to coast.
On da Plane sippin' drank.
Eatin' scrambled eggs and toast.
Chingale my padre,bought a Lexus for my madre.
We in a bubble lense smoking swishas on the highway.
Parking on the sand, jumping up outta the van.
Bezentine around my neck diamonds glissenin on my hand.
Watch us spin heads with my cranberry red.
Remote controlled vcr stretch burbon with beds.
Double stretch limosuine.
Twanky inch bezentine.
I live my life upon a hustla could it all be a dream.
Exotic beaches and pieces, white tigers on leashes.
Me and Shane on the way to the lake, the crush Lexus increases.
In this game on a mission.
Blainted up expedition.
You ain't gotta be all in my face.
I blind you hoes from a distance.
Chandeliers in my den.
Blowin' smoke in the wind.
You can catch me in a 600 or a big body benz.

