Kratos Lyrics
by Bodi.


Until the day I'm pushing daffodils, I.
have to fill my cup.
And trust in love that busts the seams until my chest erupts.
And plucks my heart into a symphony that won't give up.
Ashes to magic and bones to dust.
I love this crust I'm standin on, until dawn sings a tragic song.
And when it's gone I'll move along, but I won't find a greener lawn.
Than what's here atop this sphere - we're movin through the years.
Fear of living now and here, when life pass, don't steer clear.
Crack a beer and give yourself a toast.
It's the journey of a lifetime - you play the host.
Eternally a peasant, that's cause I go for broke.
In hopes of painting stars in sky, to pierce the smoke.
And I can't die, life and I have chosen to elope.
I wrote an epitaph in snares and claps to get myself to cope.
And in the ever after I can't get myself to float.
Unless I'm giving other children safety vests of hope.

Until the sun burns out in the sky.
I'm that goddamn thorn in your side.
Fire in my eyes, you can't see.
I would save you if you'd just let me.

The fact is my happiness comes after.
matching Lazarus.
In craftiness I practice this static.
blasting magicness.
And match it with an ass to kiss from lady luck on mattresses.
Cause rappin is my stackin chips, and manifestin happiness.
Ask me if my passion is available for purchase.
My assurance is it's furnished with nothing but the worthless.
Grab a surface you can work with, paint a picture perfect.
When the hearse is perched with purpose - you have to give the verdict.

Judge and jury, have mercy, we hurry to the grave.
And sell our souls along the way so road to gold is paved.
Stake my claim inside this frame that we proclaim's a masterpiece.
Horns on half these battered thieves and halos on these master chiefs.
Who seek a piece of heaven, reaching for that preacher's blessin.
I see angels every day that I go to the sev-eleven.
Steppin through the paradise, god don't have a hand in scriptin.
We spread our wings when we give out a hand for liftin.

