L.G.O Lyrics
by Uniq Mic.


I know somebody somewhere brokenhearted 
I've, been though the same thing call it separated 
Thinking world is against me, plotting on me. 
Thought the world took a pause on me. P.V.R 
Everything in my life was useless. Food tasteless 
How about money, Wouldn't even care. Less 
I thought about. My life and how am living it 
These three words changed my life and now am kicking it 
L.G.O. That'S the motto: Life Goes On, 
Never gon, stop no inevitable. 
Life goes on. Life goes on, 
Tryna, forget the past. Tryna forget the sorrow, 
Not worried about then. Just focusing on tomorrow, 
Living life to the fullest 
Just chilling up with my friends 
Catching up on em old times, 
Don't care about the rest. 
All I got ta say is I'm happy where I be 
No replica of someone else, nah, I'm just free 
I'm here I'll. Take my stand. 
Even, though you left me hanging on the ground. 
My heart stopped pounding 
Uh Life Goes On ... 
, 
 
Even, though life keeps you down. I know 
It ain't, the end of the world world not possible. 
Even, though life keeps you down. I know 
It ain't, the end of the world world not possible 
Never doubt but true love will grow. 
 
Life is a dream that the mind conceives 
And. It only comes true when you believe 
 
Me afih tell life dat me moving on 
Like, dih watch. Aliwez me agoh move wit time 
Used to be tight, like punch lines and comedians 
Girls and menstruations artists and sessions. 
Me cyaan afford dis life. I guess datz why it's priceless 
Me cyaan get meself full, always finding trials 
While we suffer in de ghetto. Big shots live in mansions 
Cyaan reflect my life, its too ashamed to show its reflection 
And. So me moving on trying to find a better nation. 
Never passed a black cat. So why dis bad luck? 
Found meself a gyal, but she just increased the tough luck 
Even with the best camera. You can't picture what my life is like. 
Me life keep on changing like rich gyal in her clothes in her clothes, 
Me afih find money to make me richest man dead or alive or alive. 
 
Yah know seh Uniq Mic pon. It got me boiy M-Lover an', as aliwez Venom, pon
de beat
 
