Ladies First Lyrics
by Queen Latifah.

Queen Latifah 
The, ladies will kick it the rhyme that is wicked 
Those that don't know how to be pros, get evicted. 
A woman can bear you break you. Take you 
Now it's time to rhyme. Can you relate to 
A sister dope enough to make you holler and scream 
 
Monie Love 
Ayo. Let me take it from here. Queen ... 
Excuse me, but I think I'm about do 
To get into precisely what I am about to do. 
I'M conversating to the folks that have no whatsoever clue. 
So, listen very carefully as I break it down for you. 
Merrily merrily merrily merrily hyper happy overjoyed 
Pleased with all the beats and rhymes my sisters have employed 
Slick and smooth throwing down the sound totally a yes 
Let me state the position. Ladies first, yes, 
, 
Monie Love. 
Believe me when I say being a woman is great. You see 
I know all the fellas out. There will agree with me 
Not for being one, but for being with one 
Because when it's time for loving it's, the woman that gets some 
Strong stepping strutting moving on 
Rhyming cutting and not forgetting 
We are the ones that give birth 
To the new generation of prophets, Because it's Ladies First 
 
Queen Latifah 
I break into a lyrical freestyle 
Grab the mic, look into the crowd and see smiles 
Cause. They see a woman standing up on her own two 
Sloppy slouching is something I won't do. 
Some think that we can't flow 
Stereotypes. They got to go 

 With a little touch of Ladies First 
 
Who said the ladies couldn't make it you must be blind 
If. You don't believe well here, listen to this rhyme 
Ladies. First, there's no time to rehearse 

A female rapper with the message to send the 
Queen Latifah is a perfect specimen. 
 
Monie Love 
My sister. Can I get some 
 
Queen Latifah 
Sure Monie Love grab the mic and get dumb 
 
Monie Lovie 
Yo. Praise me not for simply being what I am 
Born in L-O-N-D-O-N and sound American 
You dig exactly where I'm coming from 
You want righteous rhyming I'mma give you some 
To, enable you to aid yourself and get paid 
And the material that has no meaning. I wish to slay 
Pay me every bit of your attention, 
Like mother, like daughter, I would also like to mention 
I wish for you to bring me to bring me to the rhythm 
Of, which is now systematically given 
Desperately, stressing I'm the daughter of a sister 
Who's. The mother of a brother who's, the brother of another 
Plus, one more 
