Lavish Lyrics
by 415.


What is the meaning of lavish Yo. I started with a single 
My album's out. So now it's time for me to mingle, 
Well ,'lavish' to me is like mail straight up. 
So, all you hungry muthafuckas pick a plate up 
Cause, I'm about to feed you. Some dope shit, 
And I'ma, sit and sit and sit until it's bit. 
I'M tired of the muthafuckin hype. 
About the black brothers got ta, be a stereotype. 
You see lavish is a one-way ticket. 
And on the back is boldly stamped :'It's time to kick it', 
Me D-Loc, DJ, Daryl and Young Tone. 
We put some shit together for the microphone 
And it's lavish. 
 
What is the meaning of lavish Yo. Despite the perpendicular 
Rap is my sport and on girls, I'm real particular 
Lovin, the tour shot when the fellas get to bumpin hoes 
City to city in the motels be pumpin, those 
I ain't, sweatin that that ain't lavish 
Because back in the days we used to have This 
Lavish to me is watchin girls, all plex 
Niggas get to trippin cause. I work. Rolex 
I gives a fuck about a nigga and a punk-ass bitch 
I'm with the 415. My name is Young Richie, Rich 
Just, a fresh young brother, no preservatives added 
And, that's Double R's definition of lavish 
 
Rich. Let me describe the motive of a player 
But. First, I got ta relax my feet and smoke a tailor 
Cause, I'm about to spit it straight from the set 
Give it to em. All as lavish as lavish can get. 
First topic is monetary. 
Can you handle cash. The test is kinda scary, 
Cause, I'm the kind of brother who has to have it lavish 
Bitches on my tip. Just wish you could have this 
First off check it I'll describe a trap 
Down on the west side, where the fresh get frap, 
Boomin-ass hot thub 
With. A bowl all the bitches singin, the rubadubdub 
Caviar wine, with a cracker 
And. If you're pickin too hard it'll, distract ya, 
Rollls Royce dip into freestyle 
And to the hoes on the set. You know I'm drivin em, wild 
With, the high-power Zeus and the boost 
Gold Rolex watches and money to boot. 
We keep flowin and flowin and keep showin. You know it 
415's on the set it's to the top. Where we're goin 
And it don't stop, because the hoes still jock 
And, yes, players like us are still em non-stop 
DJ D in the back makin em wish that they could have this 
That's Tonio's definition of lavish 
 
What is the meaning of lavish Yo comin from The DJ 
It's goin on tour and turntables do what I say: 
Spinnin and cuttin and get royalty checks, 
And watchin, the 415 snap necks 
See. I spin for a livin, but now I get paid 
And see they. Girls say that Daryl wears a high-top fade 
We're goin coast to coast from L.A. to Miami 
I'm gettin a tux cold fitted for the Grammy's 
As, a DJ man. Look I got ta spin, it 

We're a rap group, we're hittin harder than the Beatles 
But. My only prime I keep tearin up needles 
When. The record makes a funny sound. I just grab it 
And. That'S DJ. Daryl'S definition of lavish 
 
Lavish to D is livin life with ease 
Straight loungin. While my money work for me 
And if the flow gets low. No sweat on mine, 
I, just pull out the pen and put my name on the dotted line. 
You got a problem. The Locster can solve it. 
Your money well, is dry mines flow like water. 
I never have to worry about shit, 
I ain't, livin, large nigga, I'm livin lavish 
Home in the hills. My own windmill, 
Satellite dish for the late nite tip 
Freaknasty for every day of the weak 
I make a nigga stand guard when I'm feelin kinda sleepy 
Everywhere. I go people know the name 
I'm in the top rank because of money and fame 
Yeah. That'S how I'm livin in this world of madness. 
And, that's D-Loc's definition of lavish 
 
