Lazy Day Lyrics
by Tyler Tracey.


Yeah, what up?
You know, today just gonna be one of those days where.
You sleep in, stay up late, stay in your PJs and just relax.
Kick your feet up, no school, no work.
You know what kind of day I'm talking about.
I'm talking about a lazy day.

Yeah, today just gonna be one of those days, I guess.
The type of day where I'm relieved of my stresses.
That beautiful day where the homies kicking back in success.
And all the pretty women float to my address, yes.
I wake up, I bake up and put on some television.
The radio plays that new jam and I tap to the rhythm.
Make some scrambled eggs with bacon and OJ.
Today just gonna be a lazy day, hey.

Today just gonna be a lazy day.
Gonna smoke this grass until I fade away.
And if this feeling can't stay.
Imma treasure it for the day and enjoy my lazy day.

Interlude:.

Anyways, lets get back to the rapping.

Most of my life I spend working on getting that paper.
Running like a mouse on the search for that cheddar.
But now I'm kicking it old school with a pen and paper.
Write lazy songs me and my homies can jam to later.
The sun is shining and I'm out grinding.
Finding that inner peace that the normal week days be hiding.
Blast Mac Miller's KIDS mixtape to get me in this good mood.
Do you mind if I smoke this blunt outside with you?
We gonna do it whether you say yes or no.
The beauty of this moment is I choose how it all go.
Ain't nothing today gonna get in my way.
Because today is just gonna be a lazy day.

Interlude:.
So today is just one of those days where.
I'm just feeling kind of lazy so you know I had to write a song about it.
And I had to put it at the beginning of my mixtape because it just gives that.
good feeling vibe.
That this tape is gonna have.
Because in a lot of my songs, I be all serious and shit on ya'll, you know?
So I thought, you know, Imma have a day where I can be lazy and happy, yeah.

Yeah, welcome to Dreaming Out Loud.
You know what it is, it's that good feeling song.
That lazy day song.
Lets all just put our feet up and kick back.
Enjoy it while it lasts, yeah.

