Let me clear my throat Lyrics
by Unknown Artist.

At the count of three 
I want everybody in the place to be 
To, make some noise. If ya down with me, 
One two three 
 
Hit me with the horns: Tony 
Keep makin' noise keep makin' noise yeah! Oh oh! Oh! Oh! Oh, oh 
Here! We go now here we go now here we go now 
Here we go now. Here we go now 
Here we go now. Here we go now here we go now 
Here we go now. Here we go now. 
Here we go here. We go now. Listen! !
 
Some of y'all might know this and some of y'all, don't 
Some of y'all, might be with this, and some of y'all won't 
But. Listen. Let me clear my throat 
Oh have mercy, babe Ha, 
I. Hope ya, don't mind. Let me clear my throat 
 
Special dedication going out to everybody here in Bahama Bay, 
In, Philadelphia, 
Here. We go now check it out - ah huh, ah huh, ah 
 
Yeah rock to the rhythm of the funky rhyme 
So. I can get busy just one more time. 
To, the beat and ya don't quit 
It's that ol' skool rap with that new skool hit 
Peter Piper picked a pepper but Kool rocked the rhyme 
And. I can still rip up the house, 
Every God. Damn time I get on the mic, I go crazy. 
Peace out to Celo Flex and Doug Lazy, 
I bet'cha never knew, but now ya know 
I'm the undisputed king of this disco 
And. I never let the mic magnetize me. No more 
Cuz DJ Kool rip up the whole damn floor. 
 
Now I'mma rap a rhyme with the greatest of ease, 
And swing it like the man on the flying, trapeze 
And. If you don't like it, you grab on these 
And. Now I need some help from the maestro. Please 
 
Jam Ha. So look it here check the flavor of the rhythm I wrote 
And. While I got a chance here. Let me clear my throat 
Oh have mercy, babe ha, 
I, hope ya, don't mind. Let me clear my throat 
I need these monitors right here. 
Music and the monitors 
And. It goes a little something like this here: 
Ah huh, ah huh, ah 
 
Now. If y'all wan na party, like we do 
If y'all wan na party, like us, lem me hear ya, say 
Ah, ah, ah, ah ah 
If y'all wan na party, like we do 
If y'all wan na party, like us lem me hear ya, say 
Ah. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah 
Now, when I say uh, you say ah 
Uh Uh 
And. Now when I say hey, you say: ha 
Hey, hey 
Now! When I say uh you say: ah 
Uh, Uh 
Now! When I say hey you say ha 
Hey 
Now. When I say freeze you just freeze one time 
When, I say: freeze y'all, stop on a dime 
When, I say: freeze you just freeze one time 
When, I say: freeze y'all, stop on a dime 
FREEZE 
 
Now, all the ladies in the place 
If you got real Hair real fingernails 
If, you got a job you going to school. 
And y'all need nobody to help. You handle your business 
Make. Some noise, 
 
One, two three come on now. 
When, I say: freeze you just freeze one time 
When, I say: freeze y'all, stop on a dime 
When, I say: freeze you just freeze one time 
When, I say: freeze y'all, stop on a dime 
FREEZE 
 
Now to all the brotha's in the place. 
That, don't give a damn about what them. Ladies talking about 
Cause you just trying to get chummy 
Make some noise 
 
Now. Now now let me clear my throat 
Oh have mercy. Babe ha 
I! Hope you don't mind. 
Let me clear. My throat 
Special dedication going out to all the ladies 
And all the brothers in here 
Like to love y'all to death here, 
 
Ah, huh, ah huh, ah 
Oh lem me send my little shout outs here: 
Special dedication once again going out to everybody here: 
Bahama Bay. In Philadelphia we love y'all, madly 
Special dedication going out to Mellow T Walt Reeder da' joiner, 
Don Mack, Charlie Mack DJ Ran Cosmic Kev 
Special dedication going out to Frank Ski and Lorrenzo Ice-T 
And. If you're with me, if you're with me, 
I, need some help from the music from the maestro check it out, 
Somebody make some noise in this joint man
 
