Let Me Blow Your Mind Lyrics
by Twistid Rob.


Cannabis smokin im rollin weed with the killer buds; toke it tough. When I hit
the microphone, I tear it up. 
 
Im, sick in the game. Motherfuckers already know my name: 
Twistid Vaurheaz, bringing the pain, 
 
Im choppin, the ruckus Im nuttin up put me in the psycho ward, not giving a
fuck 
Rollin out like cannon yeah, you better duck 
 
Standing. There take a bullet to the brain: bang, bang, bang, bang, bang 
Better be movin out of my syllable range 
, 
function 
Tossin up formulations, mind combustion all of these wannabes. I just dont
trust em 
Too many motherfuckers that think they're sick. So many motherfuckers that rap
that, quick 
Everybody and their mama wan na be a chopper, but they cannot do it. Proper did
you know that shit 
Im a lyrical beast. I got more than a notepad, so many beats I make more than a
dope track Homicidal sheets Ima. Give it a toe tag: 
 
Like, settin, the rifle under your chin, Blowing out your brains want to do it
again 
Steppin on my world. It'S not pretend I'll be fuckin. With your mind, like Ive
always, been 
My illatosis come the closest to the dopest killer, pulses rolling up. My buds 
bout to smoke this 
Fuckin with my high that's borderline, hopeless, I'm hackin your cold. You get a
virus to cope with 
Pragmenation damnin everything you ever had wiping your hard drive. You won't
remember that 
 
My intentions are to get you hella, mad 
Whatchu gon na do when I blow your mind, Im aiming at your egos prescribin
rhymes 
Outa, the lab with a pen and the pad the scientist gone mad with the syllable
lines 
Im killin raps in the studio. Doing my thang got my team members eyes in the
page my gang 
Do or die motherfucker. That'S the high aim: Twistid Vaurheaz yeah, that's my
name, 
 
Cannabis, smokin, im, rollin weed with the killer buds; toke it tough. When I hit
the microphone, I tear it up. 
 
I'm sick. In the game, motherfuckers already know my name: 
Twistid Vaurheaz, bringing the pain, 
 
I'm choppin, the ruckus, I'm nuttin up, put me in the psycho ward, not giving a
fuck 
Rollin out like cannon yeah, you better duck 
 
Standing. There take a bullet to the brain; bang, bang. Bang, bang bang 
Better be movin out of my syllable range 
 
They, don't wan na talk with a chopper'gon, have the offer 
I turn em, all into pasta and stew em up in the lockers 
Cerebellum turn explosives. The motion corrosive posture and open the ruthless
slaugther 
These 16's'gon end like con shit, 
Stage catchin, the caca we blowin their marley powder, 
Make sour face outa cowards that are half of a fuckin hour, 
Then chop em into my chowder to vow over. They think it's power, 
More trackers into their tower, we're higher than fuckin opera 
But. They don't fuck with me, guess I'm some sort of entity, 
Corpse sittin on stage with flames shock, it type energy, 
Piranhity gone face and supervillians is skin to me. 
They honestly amazed when my brain lookin, like Kennedy, 
Our blood dripped and my trip and wheelchairs 
Change, flicks and gas spits it's real rare 
Stage show on steroids and nightmares 
The whole club's on silence and ice, stares, 
Brain, brain brain brain brain brain brain 
My, soul's, sick. I'M way past the repairs, 
Brain, brain brain brain brain brain brain 
They, talk about the sick in the dark, but they seem scared, 
, 
Cannabis, smokin, im, rollin weed with the killer buds; toke it tough. When I hit
the microphone, I tear it up. 
 
I'm sick in the game, motherfuckers already know my name: 
Twistid Vaurheaz, bringing the pain, 
 
I'm choppin, the ruckus, I'm nuttin up, put me in the psycho ward, not giving a
fuck 
Rollin out like cannon yeah, you better duck 
 
Standing. There take a bullet to the brain: bang, bang, bang, bang, bang 
Better be movin out of my syllable range .
 
