Let's Get Money Lyrics
by Bad Lucc.


All this grindin', all this money got ta, get it 
If, it's hustlin', then I'm with it 
Keep it bangin'. Let'S get with it, 
All my gangsters. Let'S get work, 
Bawk, bawk bawk you get first 
If. You scared, then go to church 
Let's, get this money 
All! My life I've been strugglin' with this paper, 
Keep a strap and fuck a hater 
If, I'm in it, then I'm ridin'. If I'm bussin', see you later 
Got a itchin' for this meal, keep on flossin' fuck a deal. 
I get mine up out the field. Let'S get money 
 
My nigga I done pushed the line. 
And stayed reppin', my hood. She lookin' fine 
 city nigga, but the cookin' nine 
And suck her down for the look in her 
Mercenary with it. I was paid to kill 
 vet. I was made as steel 

 with it I'mma juk in the field 
 she sex ho real G, and we next ho 
Icy fresh on that neck ho and this .223 make a mess ho 
I'm bout, the bullshit I push the V 
 says you lookin'. For me, 
 nigga feelin', so froze 
Wonder how a nigga stay feelin' on hoes, 
 suckin' for the fam. I trip 
Plan dance, on'em, bustin' head in a VIP 
Me and my bros. We about them chips, 
Got an living room about 120 whips, 
Take, the P and I break it down. 
Won'T sell shit if it make it round 
Me and my nigga Tony P off an eighth right now, 
Big Dog with it got K right now, 
Kush in the plane. I'M gon na set the mood 
You niggas ain't eatin', better check your food 
I put an. I don't, give a fuck nigga. Next to you 
Then. I break you in two put you next to you. 
I'M a 10-6 hot boy jump the line. 
Bad luck come by fuck. The time 
I was raised in the hood. I come from that 
 niggas. Do you bad with your monkey? Ass 
 
East side, nigga fresh up out the G insane Vice Lord 53 
Carolina park, king mother fuck, a rap dream 
Talk about a murder. When you mention me, 
I got the yop-yop on deck GPs VVS on my neck, 
Motherfuckers, better moderate cause. I go retarded! Never tolerate no
disrespect 
Gangster Gibbs ho. I live for these bitches dopin' these dollars 
Ready to kidnap your kinfolk. You don't really want these problems. 
, my skin, it's in my blood. It'S in my nature, 
Momma knew that since a baby she was gone. Bury me a gangster 
Choppin' paper 
Cluck heads bout to line up 
In the dope house, finna cook, a nine up; 
Just, a kush, weed fiend with a triple beam dream. 
Is, you buyin' or sellin' Boy, make your mind up; 
Niggas. They be slippin' and trippin' fuckin'. The grind up: 
Tryna hit a lick, then bright lights behind us 
Niggas wan na hang and slang you better, bang the thag, 
A penitentiary next place you wind up. I know 
Still livin', like a motherfuckin' dope dealer 
Still livin', like a motherfuckin' jack boy, 
Got, a pack of the girl, I'm gon na go, get her 
Gone break it down. Show me where it's at boy, 
Thug till my death date 
And guarantee that every nigga, my sex straight 
We, takin' trips out of town, got your bitch bustin' down 
Finna, put her on a motherfuckin' sex tape with my niggas 
 
