Life is so Unfair Lyrics
by 50/50 Twin.

50/50 Twin 
I penetrate eliminate, eat beef like dinner plate 
Disintegrate, cakes stem that hate know. I was fin to say 
Roy Jones Jr. imitate, then release. What'S in the K, 
Ride off on a spin a day plus fo', that's 28's, 
Provoke or stimulate cause Twin is thinner weight 
Kick your face with my Gucci Air Force. I'M pimping, snakes, 
Run, like you in a race, see the effect of the mistakes 
Skin or face get a grip you sliding on winter. Skates 
50/50 is pissed off just leave him alone. 
If. He come to rob your house just leave him your home 
Until. His brother get out not for any reason he come. 
His gun case got every gun, swords and 53 bombs. 
It would be way too late. When bullets sleep in your lungs 
Your heartbeat, decreased completely. Now your breathing is gone. 
Your, Pastor, sitting by your bedside reading, you psalms 
I, told you 50/50 was pissed. Now just leave him alone. 
 
I feel like life is so unfair. 
 
50/50 Twin 
Fellas, try and fellas die bullets fly in fellas eye 
Fellas end up in a wheelchair hollows fly in fellas thigh 
Hello hi, tell your guy. Don'T pedal by metal fly. 
You got kids to live for you better. Take your tail inside 
Catch my enemy. While they sleeping give'em pillow shots, 
This anger, I issue out, reflects I've been through a lot 
Am I on mute. Does anybody hear me yelling out 
Very loud I'm way too rough in this rap game? Spare me now 
If thug shit is your type of high, then inhale me now: 
I have so much tension. I probably could push or pet you down 
Toe to toe in every round. I'M flawless, I carry crowns 
I'm, the Paul Bearer for the circus because I buried clowns 
Look, don't even jam 50/50. If you gon turn it down 
Think, I'm a joke! I'Ll put a lighter to your lip and burn. Your smile 
I'll put a lighter to your lip and burn. Your smile 
I'll put a lighter to your lip and burn your smile, 
 
50/50 Twin 
This ain't me writing this rap. I can't control my pen. 
The words are coming from another soul within 
Now. I'M punching on myself like where you go with Twin 
A'Vard street block, I'm saying things Twin was holding in 
Here, you have the red pill and this is the blue, 
Reality or dream world. Whichever you choose, 
I'm the Neo of this rap game possessing the juice 
Download. The beef stain see what I'm fixing to do: 
My name ain't Santa Clause, but I chill on your roof 
Put a stain on your shirt like you spilling your juice 
I'm, the snake that bit your foot when you slid in your boots, 
Take a murder case to Trial lose appealing and move 
I got a Tech called Mr. T that don't pity the fool 
I slide down the vent in your room and get rid of you. Dude 
Leave your body floating about in the shivering pool 
I'm too dangerous for myself see what I'm living will do. 
 
