Light Up (Freeverse) Lyrics
by Zinn.


I used to see the world through a broken lens.
This is the life I chose and now I'm losing friends.
But I can't stop now I'm focused on the target.
And I'm not shooting bullets I'm spitting out knowledge.
And this is the music you need to hear.
I've seen the face of death myself and there's not a rapper I fear.
I've never gripped a pistol I've never sparked a nine.
I've never sprayed a round I just stood inside.
No armor piercing rounds no bullet proof vests.
But they say the mind is stronger than the flesh.
So I stuck to music as my way out.
From all the violence surrounding me like a stakeout.
The darkness settles in when you least expect.
But you don't have to change who you are to get respected.
Just be yourself and you'll see the light.
Like sun reflecting off the moon in the dark of night.
If its darkest before the dawn.
Then let the sunrise help you find the strength to carry on.
I'll probably never get a record deal.
Because the music that I make inspires something real.
But I wouldn't trade that for the world.
Like a father watching the birth of a new born baby girl.
We we're all created from the same image.
But for most living on this Earth liberty's not a privilege.

Violence is a part of human nature.
We claim to spread freedom and put our troops in danger.
When they return home they like the benefits.
That we promise them the system needs to be fixed.
We can invest in arms contracts.
But can't better education so we can combat.
Poverty at home my generation's lost.
In penitentiaries we pay a higher cost.
When we choose guns over enlightenment.
We take the bullet for our sense of our entitlement.
But we contribute to the cause.
When we kill our own people we just fortify the odds.
And the weapons that we use are military issue.
So read between the lines you can see the bigger issue.
Don't let the media shape your perception.
When politicians lie and use deception.
They say the war is being fought for our protection.
But dishonesty only leads to disaffection.
We need to show the world that we're out for peace.
Instead of trying to make profits off the Middle East.

