Listen to the Flow (Bird) Lyrics
by Zoo Crew.


Ayo, Listen to the Flow 
Simply, Listen to the Flow 
Life's coming quick, take it in the proper dose 
Cause before you know, you'll be gone with the wind as it blows. 
 
The aspect of life isn't about hate and fight 
If. You listen to the song. You might comprehend right and wrong 
It ain't wrong to pack a bong with a little bit of marijuana 
Sing along. I know you wan na 
A. Lot of people don't have respect 
But. If you disrespect me, you best protect ya neck 
Life is a road watch out for the potholes 
Hell yeah. I smoke a lot of weed, but I have goals 
Headstrong. I don't need paper to write. A song 
All I need is a dope beat like the drugs. I'M on 
A microphone and a pair of headphones 
Studio life. This is where I belong. 
Long nights. Every night you don't know the half of it 
Try to keep up with me. I drink a lot. It'S a habit! 
If! I want it, I'm a take it make. It disappear like magic, 
Fine, chick, big, tits, no plastic 
Natural, like the weed I smoke. If I'm broke, it fixes me 
Weigh it out bag it up and sell it on the city streets. 
Doubt me. If you want fuck you, I do what I want 
When. I want you're about that talk, I'm about that walk 
Listen to the Flow. You live young and die old 
All. My life. I'Ve been like Fuck, 5-0 
So serious. Why so serious 
Who's that chick in the dress Cause I'm curious? 
Let'S relate baby, I'm not trying to fuck 
And. Forget love. I think I get enough 
Been through so much overall, it's made me tough 
I can only get stronger, there's still more to come. 
 
Ayo! Listen to the Flow 
Simply, Listen to the Flow 
Life's coming quick, take it in the proper dose 
Cause before you know, you'll be gone with the wind as it blows. 
 
Living life full of better days. 
I, don't prefer drugs, but I like to elevate 
I'm in the booth making raps no cellophane 
I look at life like a bike. Keep pedaling 
I got my homie's group tatted just to show respect 
There ain't. No second chances so show no regrets 
When. I spit you feel my heart, no open chest. 
You got a problem with it. You can get a broken neck. 
See I be in the booth. Even when I'm sick as a dog 
So, you can hear the truth and I'm still spittin' it. Raw 
I got a couple good friends, but a whole lot of dawgs 
You. Think me not graduating school was one of my flaws. 
Well, that's too bad see I don't need your permission for recognition. 
All it takes is a second or minute play the song and listen 
To. The flow I recorded on the microphone 
The fake friends, begone cause. I stay in my zone, 
Fo sho ayo. I stay with that. Mindstate 
Cause people made me irate delete'em, like it's MySpace 
Or feed'em to the primates educated, like science brains, 
Having plenty sunny days still, ain't see no signs of rain. 
I'Ll call the president and tell'em that it's time for change, 
Cause media is propagandizing and bringing pain. 
It ain't the same, but I'm sittin' here like fuck. It then 
To be a famous rapper's, something on my bucketlist 
I'm a keep living on with my life 
I'm in the booth, everyday each and every night 
If you died tomorrow. Would you be happy with the life you lived 
Or? Would you want to hit restart and try it all again? 
It ain't, no game. So hopefully you lived it right. 
Enjoying all the simple things in life: having no fights 
Friends turn to enemies so go and put the burn on ice. 
Tomorrow is another night 
 
Ayo, Listen to the Flow 
Simply, Listen to the Flow 
Life's coming quick, take it in the proper dose 
Cause before you know, you'll be gone with the wind as it blows. 
 
