Lit Lyrics
by VNCHY.


Okay, when I was growing up.
Told all those on top I'll take your spot, I'm only owning up.
Now a nigga's hot so don't be changing up.
Trust a lot's about to change with us though.
Lately I been getting mute off the loud.
People stressing me out.
When you know you gon' make it, school's like investing in doubt.
See myself out in Vegas Cubanos pressed to my mouth.
SLS ya boy finessin' like I came out the South.
My team is without a doubt, the realist about.
Givenchy on his chest try to guess the amount.
Nah, a couple K's just ain't a serious amount.
Conflicted by doubt, my route will prove your best ain't enough.
Just take a leap of faith, hope you living right.
Too many live in evil like.
Huh, how could I chase these dreams and rarely ever sleep at night.
Girl the things I write.
And the weed I light.
Just never has me feeling right.
Like you have me on cloud 9.
It's the right sign.
We bout to blow so don't miss this flight.
Martin Luther had a vision, will you be my eyes.
If I get hurt will u be my guide.
If I place first will you be my prize.
If I can't handle the truth can u feed me lies.
I, admit it girl I ain't strong.
I need you to put this weight on.
Still on plan A cuz plan B to me was never gon' fly.

Rather die knowing I tried.
Rather die for the same reason these niggas all on our side.
All those bitches outside.
Just know when we all die.
They'll be speaking 'bout us.
Before we made connections y'all can bet that they were thinking bout us.
They were thinking bout us.
Ironic how shit work cuz I just told em.
All this pussy, that's mine.
That money, that's mine.
Ain't lying, had em off first impression every time.
I'm perfection, defined.
Your perception, declined.
Progression, refined.
On God man I ain't hit my prime yet.
I ain't hit my prime yet.
I cannot get, how you possibly could stop it.
Haters had to stop it.
Y'all cannot get, how fucking high I am.

As if you never knew shit.
Think about it before you speak.
Man you full of bullshit.
Guess you are what you eat.
A beast is what I am.
Occupied with other plans to overstand.
And scheme on how to stick it to the man.
You a fan boy.
My mind's darker than a tan boy.
Had your whole clan exposed like mags from Playboy.
Boy we professionals, expel high decibels.
Occupy lots of space like a number in low decimals.
Math in school was a problem but music and I had chemistry.
Physics between them ladies and I could go down in history.
Amazed at your biology girl, you looking beautiful.
Received a lot of brain but I never did make the honour role.
It's real funny how things work out.
I'm blowing bigger but its not because I work out.
They cook beats that I eat add heat then release.

And that's food for thought.
Yeah, that's food for thought.

