Live Corn Lyrics
by 67.


Live corn in my gun, 
Fuck with the 6, get bun 
No point: tryna run 
M got the Mac and it's sounding like a drum 
Tryna, lock the whole city 
Only real niggas fuck with me 
Shout my niggas from the 86 
But 674 run. Bricky 
I don't rap cause. I'M tryna get a deal 
I'm still out here: tryna eat a meal, 
I've spent whole nights lurking in the field, 
Ask them other niggas. They know how shit feels 
Bare skrr skrr. I feel it through the wheels 
3 litre ding-dong skidding round. The hill 
Swammy on deck and we're lurking for a kill, 
If suttin, get got. I know my niggas won't squeal 
 
Say. They want war, nigga 
So I roll around. With that 4s nigga 
Screaming 67k 
Ima smoke your ass to a 4 nigga 
M rolled up and he's buzzing 
Screaming out'if he's an opp. Then we bun him' 
We ain't RB. We don't know about running 
I, said nigga. We don't know about running 
I'm, still slanging. These O's running through hoes 
I, don't do friends cause. I bang with my bros 
Phoned G said that he's bagging with Slows 
Told him'bring a coke. Can I'm a let it explode 
67 over everything, 
Break packs double up bring weapons in 
Look till suttin dead. We ain't settling 
If he's running with the opps man'll pepper him 
 
True, I ain't running with no jokeman 
He held it in his face. When I smoked man 
20-suttin times when I soak man 
If, you claim 15 you're a jokeman. 
I ain't never been friends with them. Pagans 
You can hold shots too. If you're, Leyton, 
Big Stizzy been writing some statements. 
Tryna lock a real nigga in the cages. 
 
I hit a nigga in his face. 
My nigga hit a nigga in his back 
Tryna score. Every time that we ride 
Someone tell these motherfuckers'don't lack' 
I was in the party flexing with a yat 
They know I had a suttin in my bag. 
I was drunk off the yak 
Opps never came, though cause they knew they're getting slapped. 
 
They had a real nigga locked in the cage, 
I rolled a burn. While I thought about my case, 
Like ,'how that nigga snitch ?' 
Who, am, I kidding man than nigga from the Brix 
I was outside tryna, get rich 
Tryna put 65 bags on my wrist 
Till. These damn jakes put cuffs on my wrists. 
Had me locked down in Wandsworth feeling like shit, 
, 
Niggas screaming'674 stabbed this and 674 corned that' 
I'm like'bitch niggas get off our dick' 
674's tryna get rich in those traps. 
I was up in Thameside reasoning with facts. 
No amnes' had me stressing out my plaits 
Niggas owe p's. Then they better run it back. 
Feds kicking in doors and we're tryna get back 
Link SJ everything, blessed 
He buss me with the loud amnes' for my chest, 
I remember nights. I was in there with the Tec 
Tweeting all my niggas'I'll be home in a sec' 
Skinny motherfucker, but I'm bigging up my chest. 
When they see me out on freeflow niggas, show respect 
Like. They know all the fuckries. I kept up 
All that knifework and show'em what the skeng does: 
 
Live corn in my gun, 
Fuck with the 6, get bun 
No point, tryna run 
M got the Mac and it's sounding like a drum 
Tryna, lock the whole city 
Only real niggas fuck with me. 
Shout my niggas from the 86 
But 674 run Bricky 
I, don't rap cause. I'M tryna get a deal 
I'm still out here: tryna eat a meal, 
I've spent whole nights lurking in the field, 
Ask them other niggas. They know how shit feels 
Bare skrr skrr. I feel it through the wheels 
3 litre ding-dong, skidding round the hill 
Swammy on deck and we're lurking for a kill. 
If suttin get got. I know my niggas won't squeal
 
