Live From the P.J.'s Lyrics
by The X-Ecutioners.

Sample 
One two one, two one, two one: two 
So you wan na start up what we gon na tear shit up 
I said: let the turntables talk for me at first 
And, then I should finish the rest: 
 
Theodore, Deini, Deini, Deini, Deini, 
Theodore, Deini, Deini, Deini, Deini 
Theodore Deini Deini, Deini, Deini, 
Deeeeeeeeeeeeeee, 
 
Aiyo, what up Aiyo? What'S poppin' and shit 
Yo this your man, Ghost Deini and shit Trife Diesel on the side, 
Money Come First Theodore Unit, aiyo son blind these niggas 
Throw bleachin' 
, 
Trife Da God, 
Aiyo aiyo. What'S poppin' out in Stapleton Park, hoppin' the V's 
Call Ghost special invited host bring through the seeds 
Sun beamin' like a hundred degrees, yo Tone 
Hurry up get your ass in the truck it's time to leave 
 
Ghostface Killah 
Hold on I got ta polish. My ring throw on my Clarks 
And, you know, I can't iron man garments without the stars. Just 
Double park give me ten minutes or less 
I overslept my bitch left and my crib is a mess. 
 
*scratches and talk* 
If, you not down you, not an M.C. or a D.J. off the stage: 
 
Trife Da God, 
It's the Theodore event, so they blocked off the streets 
And. We came here to chill, but the cops wan na beef, 
Little kids shootin' hoops on the court playin' horse, 
All, the young bucks rocking new gear, try'nna floss, 
, 
Ghostface, Killah 
Say, no more. Let'S motivate Trife throw on your poker face, 
Spin around the block one time. So we can scope the place 
Yeah, it's lookin' lavish and the scene looks wonderful, 
Pockets, full of trees and my shit look: colorful 
, 
Trife Da God. 
We got the X-Men spinnin' on the one's and two's 
No drugs. No violence leave home the guns and tools 
And. The grill's just cookin' up chicken and steak 
And greedy ass Uncle Ronnie yo, he lickin' the plate, 
 
Interlude, 
Ladies and gentlemen. We got Black Thought in the house tonight 
Yo. He just came from off tour and I think he wan na spit something yo 
 
Black Thought 
Yo. We X-Ecute'em with the rapid fire pealin' your face off 
Sprayin' up the party from the ceiling with napalm 
Shots follow the target. I ain't gon chase ya'll 
Swinging aluminum bats, that's not for baseball 
It's humor. The way ya'll makin' me laugh. 
I'M, like a natural born hustler got ta get that cash 
The way. A natural born freak got ta shake that ass 
And. Anybody wan na eat got ta break that fast 
A million crabs in a barrel try'nna make they splash 
Break away fast nice brother's finish in last 
It, don't matter the speakers or the hammers can blast. 
To handle your ass frontin' I'mma. Take your stash 
And twist it and bake the whole projects. Biscuits 
This. Kid is a trendsetter ya'll. Just misfits 
Black Thought: I've been better ya'll, just forgettin' shit, 
Now, it's a life or death predicament, 
I step in with a vendetta, then start spittin', shit, 
Then spit game. That'S ridiculous: ya'll muthafuckas, insignificant 
I'm, three, fifty seven magnificent 
Stay playin', where them bad bitches is you feelin' tonight 
You know they feelin'. Let the semi automatic bend 
They fend to have'em in the ghetto goin' at it. Man 
They bring it to your block. Have it like Pakistan, 
Philly boys, bringin' noise, makin' wild static, then 
We trick cops, even jump out vans and leave you 
Sprayed out stiffer than a mannequin stance. 
You get laid out, clapped with mechanical hands. 
That kick back cuz you and your mans'll get zapped 
Just keep thinkin' my peoples and peoples'll toy with 
A cold blooded, kill shit and keep on doin'. It 
Cuz. That'S my pleasure. That'S the people's enjoyment! 
Gangsta'S holla at me! If you seekin' employment
 
