Lollipop (remix) Lyrics
by Q-Bone.


Name'S Joe grizz, I got unstoppable swagger
Pack more meat into your bitch than a grocery bagger
Let's crack open some brews, ale, pilsner or lager
I a'int drunk enough. Yet down a mickey of Jager
I. Don'T have enough sex so come. Do me a favour
It turns out. Pussy is my favourite flavour
But. Before we get started, could you please sign the waivers
Before I get locked up for indecent behaviour
Cause, I'm known to get rough
Yeah, I break bitches hips
And. I forget the safe word when I bring out the whips
And you talk to my lady, make her give you some tips
Cause. She wins muh-fuckin' dick suckin' championships
Shout to all my homies, making minimum wage
Shout to all the ladies. That'S the minimum age
I got the crowds going wild. When I step on the stage
Cause, I'm a national treasure
Just call me Nicholas Cage

3.14 Kush its that weed Pi

And, those two faggots, Peej and
Levi

I, said drop. It Shawty
Drop it like it's hot 
Steamy hot in here. So much sweat
I'mma need a mop. 
Now. Take a sip of this hit. This
Do a twist give me a kiss
While. I hit it from the back
Then down to the floor down down to the floor
Cause girl. You know I like it like that
She movin' in from the bottom to the top of the pole
She, got it under control
And how you move that thing got me in a super trance
Got me to thinkin' how I ever stood a chance
Q-Bone spits like Flash, I'm as
quick, as can Be
Shawty say she wan na lick the wrapper. Well, I'm a rapper, so lick me
'Major League Spittaz', tearing up the studio
Joe Grizz T Gunnz yours truly so
A-money in the house. Ballin' super hard
And i'mma melt your brain. Like you, a retard
Could, give a damn. If you ever get offended
I'll cut you up and leave your ends, unmended
I am evil. You'Re Kineivel
Flying through the sky, like an eagle
Hotty with a body, and she knows it
Got a dirty idea for her to do with those lips
Want the party to last drink up fast
Looks like we're over being sober
It's a thing of the past
Get, the drinks for free cause. I know the bartender
Blonde tall cylinder
Enter over and over again
Yeah son. You know what I'm saying
As long as the game involves girls. I won't stop playing
Mind at an ease and I'm looking for a tease
Take, a couple pics for my album
Freeze flash tits ass. Don'T stop
Lick me like a lollipop

 ) 
 
