Lonely Lyrics
by Z-Ro.


I used to be a sucka for love, 
But, I'm alright, now 
Ain't nothin important to me, except codeine over ice now 
Used to be a one woman, man 
But. I can't see myself with the wife now 
Fuck tryna, please a muthafucka that can't be pleased 
I'm living. My life now 
Take a time out to smell the roses. 
Living life one day at a time, 
An ungrateful bitch'll, make a brotha get old. Quick 
I was about to lose my mind. 
Silly me, I was thinkin forever. 
The bitch was thinkin bout writin out chetta 
But. I ain't never been a trick. Bitch 
Bottom line. You can't get shit. Bitch 
Even, my baby, mama trippin bitch go ahead and file on me 
And. I really don't give a fuck 
Just. As long as my child know me 
What. The fuck am I supposed to do. 
Lord, I know I need to be closer to you. 
Damn right, I been slippin 
Cuz, I'm a christian, but I ain't livin, like a christian 
Spend. My time with midnite women 
Seem like every summer, I'm in prison, 
But no weapon formed against me, shall prosper. 
Keep God as ya man, they can't stop ya. 
My grandmother told me the pillow, don't give you love back 
But! God never took one of my ribs and made me a woman. 
Ima concentrate on my stacks 
 
I. Don'T wan na die, lonely 
But them broads. I deal with got me still singin. I hate you bitch 
I, don't wan na die, lonely 
But. I know 90 % of the hoes just fuck, with Z-Ro tryin to get rich 
I, don't wan na die, lonely 
I'm in need of a womans touch, but in 08 you just can't trust these hoes 
I, don't wan na die. Lonely 
Ain't got no time to play. No games, I be damn if I let another bitch drive me
insane 
 
Why. Should I stress myself when I know I need to be alone. 
What. Have you done for me? Lately, 
You ain't got no right to go through my phone woman 
Too many years I done paid the price 
But. My days of payin are gone 
Cause. I don't love you! No more bitch 
I'm about my money, man, 
I would've, givin, you the world 
But. Now you can't get a god damn not from me: man 
I'm, the man, I'm the boss, I'm the brotha that pays the cost. 
I really do give a damn about Joseph 
If, your not him get off 
What. The fuck is a friend 
Everybody. I see is pretend baby 
And, I'm a grown ass man. Today, 
But I been callin shots. Since a was ten baby 
When, I feel like fuckin 
I'mma, wrap a 100 dolla bill around my dick 
Even, though I got a life time supply 
Bow ya heads for my nigga J., Prince 
I'mma million dolla playa. That'S how I carry myself 
And. Can'T no woman have my heart cause I'mma. Merry myself, 
 
I, don't wan na die, lonely 
But them broads. I deal with got me still singin. I hate you bitch 
I, don't wan na die, lonely 
But. I know 90 % of the hoes just fuck, with Z-Ro tryin to get rich 
I, don't wan na die, lonely 
I'm in need of a womans touch, but in 08 you just can't trust these hoes 
I, don't wan na die. Lonely 
Ain't got no time to play. No games, I be damn if I let another bitch drive, me
insane
 
