Loose Leaf Lyrics
by 57 Pixels.


Laying around with the green in my pipe.
Feeling lucky to be alive.
With all the madness going around.
Kids getting shot; the bad and the proud.
Just waiting to rot, it's like all the world wants is to drown.
Stupid people talking the talk.
But I don't see anybody walking the walk.
Mr. Obama I promise I don't give a fuck.
You can talk the talk but nothing changing.
You just got niggas wired up ready for a hanging.
A Hispanic man for defending himself.
You know what NAACP go yourself.
You're just a charity case looking for trouble.
But guess what I'll make it double.
I'd pop a black kid too if he tried to kill me.
And I think the rest of the nation is feeling me.
Cause your life means to me as much as Treyvon Martin's.
Try and kill me expect the same back.
Don't give a shit if you're white or black.
I'll treat you the same so stop getting so damn butthurt.
It's like the countries have to set off a red alert.
Every time a kid does something stupid.
Think it's time we were a bit more lucid.
And be honest with the idiots of our nation.
Hand out a little logic and break the tradition.
It's about to get a little nasty, and that's my style.
Wouldn't be a Wetback rhyme without talking about all these.
Fine bitches who are wishing for kisses.
Wanting me to call them my misses.
Giving credit where credit is due.
She's always in the kitchen making me food.
Hasn't sex seemed a little bit lamer for you?
That's cause your girl got a taste of my burrito.
Shoved right down her peephole.
Talking about how your dick is muy pequeño.
Hate on it all you like, Your girl is looking for my mic.
Pleading out for more, it's titty titty band bang oops.
I came all over your whore, look at this bitch.
Crawling back for more.

I'm alone at home like Whoopie.
One thing on my mind then I write it down on Loose Leaf.
Apart of a bigger pile like groupies.
I'm alone at home like Whoopie.
One thing on my mind then I write it down on Loose Leaf.
Apart of a bigger pile like groupies.
One thing on my mind then I write it down on Loose Leaf.

Been here for three weeks, I'm already calling it quits.
Have you heard my new jingles bitch, you'd prolly shit bricks.
Fuck if it's quick, but I'm getting tired of waiting.
And I'm not the best I just want to say bye to complaining.
Haven't been high lately, been called a cry baby.
And I lie blatantly, like I am that will-lang-ly.
Look it's about time my fan base will start.
No one likes playing cards with me cause I'm known for breaking hearts.
Real friends those words can be put together?
Look at how many people have heard my shit and try to not call me a stupid.
failure.
But I don't want to suck and please the mic.
And take control of this game like I'm fucking Jesus Christ.
This is that want and need; so tight.
It's like the gap between some and thing, a'ight?
Get it? Nah, my shit makes no sense.
Like these pasty people saying Mex dirt has the highest potence.
My mind is fucking twisted like when hoes sit.
It's bogus these poets focus, is hopeless.
By my moment, and my opponents claim it. So atrocious.
I won't be a homeless hottest whom lives with rodents.

I'm alone at home like Whoopie.
One thing on my mind then I write it down on Loose Leaf.
Apart of a bigger pile like groupies.
One thing on my mind then I write it down on Loose Leaf.

