Love You More Lyrics
by 57 Pixels.


Still love me? Take this.
Ready? One, two three....

The more you, put me through.
The more it makes me wanna come back to you.
You say you hate me, I just love you more.
You don't want me, I just want you more.
I buy you flowers, you throw 'em at me.
I know it's sad but it's makin' me happy.
The more that you slap me, the more that it turns me on.
Cause you love me, and I love you more.

I'm sick, but not from a syphilis filled trick, but of this chick.
Who's a defused bomb but can still be ticked.
Off any minute, and she'll scoff at my written.
Thoughts but I'll forgive it always. It'll never end. It's.
A love-hate relationship.
Cause I love the way you're hating it.
And the way you look face down taking dick.
I thought I was done dating crazy bitch.
It sucks but it's just such dumb luck.
Being stuck strung snug by young love.
But it's done noth-ing but pump blood.
To my brain, make anger filled my viens, and a danger to the sane.

But you're sick of us.
Publicly kickin' dust; A ruckus sticking up.
The finger at strangers, you're being ridiculous.
You crave attention but don't you get enough.
From me? No? Well guess what? You're slippin'up.
And I may break some tendons since we fisticuffs.
Almost every day until it's dusk, cause we simply must.
Not giving fucks and stuck being idiots.
And not seeing that all that it is doing is killing us.
But you walk away; leaving and I'm caught in between the.
Thought of you being locked above the ceiling.
Or not with me; cheating and prolly out drinking.
So I decide to stop you from leaving.
And you sock all my teeth in, leave me.
Coughing 'n bleeding. See? She.
Blocks out all reason. Creeping.
On all my tweets 'n, ceasing.
Talking to me 'n. Jesus.
Drop and quit breathing..
That's what she said before I was tossed like bad semen.
You're the type of person that in fights is striking nuts.
Maybe if I threw a lamp at you, you'd lighten up.
But it's only blunts that you're lightin'up, I've had enough.
I'm done fighting for you like the last plastic cup. But.

You're nothing to me now, simply no tucks.
I stopped wondering when you'd eventually show up.
You used to bark my ear off but it wasn't really so rough.

Eminem.

That we must always call each other's Billy Goat's Gruff.
Try to pull each other's legs, until the other begs.
We're lyin' to ourselves, that's the beauty of it geah.
Cause we truly love each other, that's why we always fighting.
All we do is shove each other every other fuckin' night.

57 Pixels.

And we try to make it up to each other by doing something nice.
But since we barely know each other, it doesn't come out right.
So we end up fucking twice, and smoke a couple thick spliffs.
But's it just a game to you, I'm a player stuck in the mix.
I didn't feel like sharing but the public insist-ed.
I be crumbled instants-ly.

Eminem.

And it hurts cause the pieces to the puzzle don't fit.
And anybody who thinks they know us doesn't know shit.

57 Pixels.

I'm a fumble to a kid who has trouble making friends.
You're a stupor to a wiz with ambivalent careers.

Eminem.

Hoop-la, all the whoopty-woo.
What you put me through, fuckin' whoopty-do.
But I won't be made a fool of, if this is true love.
You wouldn't do what, you did last time, you wouldn't screw up.
This time, cause this time girl I'm tellin' you what.
You do it again I'm fuckin' you up.

No matter what you say, or what you do.
I'mma hunt you down 'til I find you.
No matter where you run, I'll be right there.
Right behind you, in your nightmares.
So I brought you the flowers, and the candy.
All the times that you threw it back at me.
So when you hate me, you gon' hate me more.
When you find out, you can't escape me whore.

