Luv My Block Lyrics
by 50/50 Twin.


Love my block Gulfbank and Antoine 
That's, the block where I slept in them: Vegas nigga 
That, the block that fed me food. When my stomach 
Was touching my back mayn 
And, I ain't gon lie. That'S the block where I done 
Plucked a few dope fiends young nigga, horny, 
Hot nuts. You know how it go: 
, 
50/50 Twin 
On, my block you can find my cap turned backwards, 
Chilling with some killas guerillas and bad actors. 
In the back dice game behind the sto' 
Hearts broke, cause Lil' Fo' done came in the do' 
I'm dealing with big niggas. That once was balling 
Powder habit done, went to crack. Now they on the block. Hogging 
After dark is when the living dead start, walking, 
Niggas tripping on water bottles. They got for a quarter, 
Niggas and hoes. Getting they nose broke on the low 
Steady losing weight because they steady on the go 
It's real. I feel every hood is the same 
Everybody doing the same thang trying to maintain 
I'm trying to get on my feet for crab and crawfish 
But this water. Won'T. Let me got me falling off quick, 
It ain't, all peaches and cream, like fake niggas, make it 
Me and my niggas smoking weed and chilling in the Vacant. 
 
Ain't, nobody gon love my block. Like me: 
North-South-West-East cutty rep, your street 
Ain't. Nobody gon love my block. Like me. 
Bust shots kill cops if you hate the police 
Ain't. Nobody gon love my block. Like me, 
Crank the barbecue pit up: let's burn some meat 
Ain't, nobody gon love my block. Like me, 
From Hollywood to Garden City, it's Gulf Bank, bitch, 
, 
50/50 Twin 
I'm at a hoe house, while her nigga in jail, 
She, putting her baby to sleep so me and her can freak 
I, don't who who came befo' me or who got next 
I'm just Trying to get the subject of some head address: 
Everybody, fucking, everybody, that's understood, 
We just strap up because them hood hoe's, pussy, good 
And, a nigga will be lying, and that includes me 
If. He say he ain't, never fucked, one of them young freaks, 
They hustle. All week and hit the club on Saturday 
Hit the park on Sunday pool hall on Monday 
They getting pilled out until they pass out 
After the club we sleeping at them, hoes house 
And, all our money right where the fuck we left it 
In. The morning we smoking on some weed for breakfast 
Hit McDonalds, happy meal. It is 
Call, it tricking if you want, but I love the kids, what 
 
50/50 Twin 
Homies in the Penn thinking that they niggas forgot, em 
But, that's just the way it is. They know we thinking about em 
Laws come we all run in different directions: 
Throw your dope on me. We gon box when they leave 
Putting it down on mix tapes with Slim Thug and Watts, 
That's. What build anticipation for my album to drop 
Youngsters quitting school and they fail potential 
Selling for selling dope and buying dope fiend rentals, 
Some, niggas hustle to shine and some for a living, 
The ones. Trying to shine is the ones the laws getting 
My real thugs strive. Just to keep it alive, 
Selling water, crack and weed trying to make the block bleed 
Ain't, nothing fabricated. It'S all the real truth. 
As I write. I'M in the Penn is some'ing being produced, 
I'm a victim of the game. It'S a god! Damn shame 
Everybody know the block addicting like cocaine. What 
 
