Lyrical Cannibal Lyrics
by Rx.


Can'T compete with the beat that I spill on the sheet. 
Making ends meet, never feeling envy 
Got this microphone that you're scared to hold 
Scared to face the lyrical cannibal 
 
Oh, you don't know My flow is uncontrollable. 
Step up to the podium affect you all like opium, 
Your, favorite, rapper, Holding him 
It was nice. Knowing him now it's time to spit a rhyme 
And grab on to his throat again Composition: 7-3 
Pharmaceutical melody feels like elementary 
With. All these low-grade emcees 
It does not offend me. If you call me empty 
An, asshole a hassle is what you'll simply be 
When. I bring up a degree and it ends when Pharmacy 
Is out on the streets. People bangin' to the beats 
That SnxwLeopard, creates knocking down the pearly gates. 
All you do is complicate everything I tend to make. 
Your dignity is what I'll take for my very own sake. 
The titles, that I got doesn't mean I do drugs 
And, don't think. I claim us to be a couple thugs 
Never once have. I ran with a turf 
Cause. This music shit will work, but first 
Better listen, better, learn. I work with what I got 
Then with everything I earn. I crave the hot spot: 
But don't wan na get burned. So I put the lighter up 
Like. I have my fist up. I don't need no luck. 
In, this fucking rap game. My reign is going to rain 
All over your pain, blowing up like propane 
When. Its next to a fuse Make something so hard 
A drunk Dad, won't abuse, 
 
Lyrically, I'm feasting on any demo. Cd 
That isn't mine I'll waste. My time 
If, I listen to it. Tell me I can't do it 
I'll struggle just to prove it tell me, find my mind 
So, I purposely just lose it. Tell me: don't write rhymes 
So, I write a book of life. Tell me I don't need to shine 
And that I'll be fine. I just need a 9 to 5 
A homie that'll ride or die, but I need more than that. 
Focused like a quarterback Arrested like I'm cardiac 
You, don't wan na see when I go ballistic, 
My mystic logistic will become realistic. 
You, don't wan na be here when Rx becomes cannibalistic, uh 
 
