Mad Doggin Lyrics
by 40 Thevz.

Artist 40 Thevz 
Album Honor Amongst Thevz 
Song, Mad Doggin, 
 
Huh Wooh Uh 
I got my real niggas in the house: 
Some real motherfuckin men 
Know. What I'm sayin' 
Ain't! No hangups ain't, no insecurities here, nigga 
What! You think 
You thought I was playing games or something 
 
I see niggas lookin' at me, like I done, beat up there, momma 
But. We ain't got no beef, it's just a struggle for powa' 
See. When niggas get together, they be trippin'. 
Eyeballin' me just to catch. My attention, 
Shit is gettin' serious. If you didn't notice, 
Niggas is bustin' instead of comin' from the shoulders. 
I can speak for Cali, but I can't speak for you 
You, either step with your weapon or you step with your crew, 
M-Mad Doggin red eyein. It'S all the same, 
Chumps might as well ask what set I claim. 
Lookin' at me as If I was a enemy, but if I'm the enemy 
You better, take a look in the mirror G 
Could it be. I look like someone, you know 
Someone. You knew 
Or someone you done somethin' too 
You, better tuck in your leather, for your trip. 
Cause, you never know when the night is who you might be: fuckin wit', 
, 
Mad, doggin'., Mad doggin'. Ain't, no need to be mad. Doggin 
Why, you wan na be mad. Doggin me 
Why, you wan na be mad. Doggin me 
Why, you wan na be mad. Doggin me tryin'. To start some beef 
I got the hog in me. 
 
Why, you wan na be mad. Doggin me 
I, don't fuck with nobody unless they fuckin' with me. 
I can be the rough type if you wanted it 
But most quit when they find out who they dealin' wit, 
I hate the type of niggas that come to dabble 
Up and down shit down to face shit, 
Heinsight tryin', to prove that they got us to pick 
The wrong time wrong place. Now, it's time to get it started, 
Bump that talk. If you can walk that walk, 
With, a mouthful of salt, given facial assaults, 
Gary Tom, Dick and Mary 
Nigga, you don't scare me 
I got a homie by my side. 
His name is Dirty Harry 
I. Don'T really wan na have to blast nobody. 
So don't be starin' at me. Like you plannin' on robbin 
Now, you ain't, no tough! Guy, no rough lie. Nigga 
Keep starin' at me. You be a busted eye. Nigga 
 
Now, the 40 Thevz, don't be slippin' or trippin' 
Or startin', no shit when it's time to handle business 
What happened to the love, 
I, think it faded out late back in the sixties. 
Now I got every single nigga out to get me 
Lookin' at me. Crooked eye, when the dealer could be starin' at suicide, 
I really can't call it 
But niggas get this when you ballin' 
And ain't involved in it 
So. Now you wan na give me evil. Stares 
Not that I really care 
But. Why you wan na be mad! Doggin me 
 
Lookin' at me, like I stole somethin' from you, 
I probably did 
But. You don't know that 
 
