Madness Methods Lyrics
by 3rdiiiUth.


A lot of niggas rappin.
Methods of madness for they actions.
Mashin of eras clashing.
No fashion trend, bitch.
I'm passionate.
Bashin my clique concatenates.
Ass whippins in plural.
The Uth is thorough.
Booth's the burrough.
I bind flows, rhyme with my eyes closed.
Fried though, Churro's.
It's your go, get your third eye blown.
It's now closed...
These comparisons to me and your manz and them.
I'll handle it.
Double L's gave made cool J's of Cannabis.
Flex the focus, hold the power to X opponents.
They'll know this.
Invoke notice to all poets.
They Edgar Allen Poe, hint.
Their moments spoken are bogus.
Betting on your talent's hopeless.
We dim plans, so there's slim chance.
Break records like Guiness.
Diminish tenants till I'm finished.
And I'm standin in a land rented by the remnants.
Me and the fatherless child, no calming us down.
We break mounds into plains.
Then land planes on them thangs.
Them days of the same stained the bane of my sane, brain.
Infected by the venom that's within em, get em.
And they crew, leave em blue in they suits.
But it's true that they're cruel.
There's no chance that they'll lose.
But me backing down's like you and homie frackin' round.
Clowns frown daily at the sight of others stackin' pounds.
You lackin rounds, hounds.
Have a war of words with rappin sounds.
Educate ya mind and progress, increase vocab.

Jack CityZ &amp; Ragz Bastard.
All second to the message.

Think of my childhood.
Gotta respect it.

So many styles, it's the return of the phenomenal.
Ya baby momma love me when I'm all in her abdominals.
I'm snowman adbonimle.
Here to bring you power from the underground.
Like the meteor on Chronicle.
See me, I'm like a rapping Buddha.
Guarantee to see the future.
Crowned king, all in a dream.
Like Martian Luther.
I'll be damned if I let you niggas block my spirit like the Hoover.
And from what I'm spitting.
Niggas is monkey flipping.
Out they cotton picking mind.

I'm shooting star wishin.
For the people to see my vision.
Niggas hoping they can overtake my pole position.
Cunning like a politician.
Got the game in a Cobra Clutch.
Or a type of deadlier submission.
I haven't begun.
We are fire to you bitches, caveman.
But I'm all about designer linen and the finest women.
Bitches after starring roles like they Robin Givens.
In the booth, mic's a sniper rifle.
Leaving no witness, and now my curse lifted.
So chill ahk.
Bape hoodie that I copped for the low from the thrift shop.

Big Daddy Kane: The Art of Rap.
You rhyme cat with hat, then you can be considered a rapper.
An Emcee is someone that either has that party rocking skill.
Or that lyrical skill. Doug E. Fresh, Busy Bee, these are emcees because these.
are people that know how to get on the mic. You could have an emcee that can.
get up here and use a whole bunch of big words.
Like: ostentatious, indubitably, quagmire in a rhyme.
And the crowds' sitting there looking around like What the fuck? What the.
fuck is he talking about?

