Magno & Killa Lyrics
by Swishahouse.


The game is a struggle. We got ta get scrilla 
Fuck the fame, it's a hustle 
When, you see us at them shows on 4's or 24's 
Pulling top notch. Hoes 
 
Magno 
This game is a hustle but Mag's on a money. Plot. 
Catch me on a hundred blocks, entourage big, but nobody do the bunny hop 
And y'all. Think the sun is hot. 
You ain't seen shit. I stay swarmed by a hundred bops 
Getting crunk. Whenever they see paper 
Can't believe my wallet's more swoll than A.C. Slater 
And. Yours is low. Like Screech, I got fo' white freaks 
In, a black Taurus, I'm the black Zach Morris 
Who has a colder flow than my shit, 
My whip equipped with hot shit, radio flipping too a Motorola Sidekick 
When. It comes to fly shit, Magno's, a pilot 
Since. The last time that I spit, I just got harder: 
Hop out white, Tee S, dot, Carter's, 
Bitch, pressed away the hate, so my chest got broader 
The rest got frauder 
My paper bubble, courtesy of the hustle nigga 
 
Kyleon 
I'ma. Let the screens rain mayn pop trunk and bang mayn 
Piece and chain hang like I'm in a chain gang mayn 
Everytime. I swang, bang Killa finna lane change 
Gripping on the grain, while I'm puffing on the Jane mayn 
On any track. It'S a fact: Killa bring the pain, mayn 
To, these other cats, that's trying to jack us for our slang, mayn, 
So, I'ma wreck and push eject it's time to change the game. Mayn 
And bring the noise to these boys. That'S trying to claim my fame mayn 
I'm flyer than a plane, mayn connected like a train, mayn 
Boss, Hogg, Swishahouse. We well respected in this game. Mayn 
Don't make me aim the thang mayn and put it to your brain mayn 
And turn you five-dolla dudes into a pile of change. Mayn 
Killa Kyleon flow is hotter than a flame mayn 
I'm blowing up just like a pot of hot caine, mayn 
Sick hustle game. Mayn, like I need medication, 
I keep haters heads. Turning like a swanga's rotation, mayn 
 
Magno 
This is audio dope. A-1 no whip, 
Uncut numb your tongue after one song, you sprung 
Inhale it hard enough in one lung. You done 
And, that's as real as it get. I'M on the grind 
I'm trying to stay up in the game. I can't remain on the pine 
And now-a-day's, a lot of niggas hating for real 
Cause, I'm in front of cameras with the mic like April O'Neal 
That's. Why I stay strapped for enemies 
These days. Even your friends'll, do you in ask Patrick Dennehey 
Niggas swear. They flow is colder than mine before they heard it 
Now. I got'em sweating, like Kobe Bryant, before the verdict 
Here's a napkin asswipe, now pass the mic 
You should of known. I control the streets like traffic lights, 
Money stretch like elastic right, 
Collection, Plate all flows. That'S a classic right! Ask your wife 
But! She might just say yeah, because I smashed iight 
 
