Make Her Say Lyrics
by The 3rd Kind.


And, I'm so paid pockets, sag like ya Nana 
That's, why I say CHeeZe when I smile for the camera 
Front page, Who Am I 
Call a nigga Dracula? Hau-All I do is count. 
And, I don't lose counts, see the mountains. I amount 
DEUCE DEUCE. I am out to the dealer: buy him out 
Take the Porsche out. The garage put the Beam on time-out. 
If y'all really got bread. Why the birds flying South 
Holding holes in your pocket, bitch shut your lying mouth 
Next Dairy Queen play the
pussy tambourine 
Everything. I fuck. Look like Angeline Jolie, 
Holy shit, 
Can't slow. These grips so don't hate, 
Yeah a nigga always baked, but I still got cake 
Cause, I'm robbing niggas calling me Baskin 
When my tape, dropping niggas, calling me asking 
In the meantime. My neck chillin' up in Aspen 
Cash, bundled up like a fucking Alaskan. What happened? 
 
Break Capital, STEEZ 
I, can't help it 
Oh uh. Oh oh ohh, 
Ahaa Yo 
Good morning, Pearl 
, 
There's many fish in the sea but see Steez going crabbing in 
Next chick hit me up. No doubt I'm smashing it 
She, like my sensual seduction, no braggin' 
But. I leave her on Cloud Nine and nickname her Anakin 
Don't got to spit cause. She already know the deal 
Come over and I teach her something new show or towel 
No implication, but when you feel the sensation 
Between your legs, you could just set up a time and place now 
She on top. No, it ain't, MySpace, 
Her, fam's, a cock block. So she always at my place 
She a fanatic of my crazy prophylactics 
But. She keep it on the low just incase. She get eye, raped, 
Good, lovin'. What you want. I deliver it 
First round and I'mma leave you speaking gibberish 
No joking, this lady. She got me open, 
And. Her legs haven't been since the last time she did a split 
, 
Break JaKK, the Rhymer 
Wassup 
Uh-huh, Yellow Tape, 
The Rhymer, 
Listen 
I'm a do it like this yo 
 
 JaKK, the Rhymer 
Plenty guppies in the sea. Yeah. That'S why? I'M fishing with a net 
JaKK book full of pigeons, bird-call piping, it 
He know the game. Live life, never wife, a chick 
You know the price that is in the times we're in 

And. It'S your move, get physical, no need to stimulate discussions 
I'm a modern day. King Midas gold caps 
When, we touchin' lustin' bustin' us in spread sheets 
Then. She said this was a song and threw it back on me. 
I should've paid more attention to her in class, probably 
Cause sweetheart shit you's the hottest 
Now. Let all of your garments melt off your body 
And. I know that's no way to treat a lady 
But. You got ta understand, you's, a groupie baby, damn 
And, you rockin' with The Rhymer, so I'mma 
Sit and recline on this couch, and you can find your way down. South
 
