Martinelli's Lyrics
by Wordsplayed.

Produced by Jimmy Newtron Beats.

Yeah, yeah, oh yeah.
Lord have mercy.
Got that Martin', yup.

Daddy told me, Pray for Jimmy Swaggart.
I always did it, I'm just charismatic.
I only sip the finest stuff on Earth.
This track is hitting hard, I call it Wigglesworth.
Can't believe that Andy sold like thirty stacks.
I looked at Dre like, Homie, pass that Martinelli!
If it sparkles then you know I drink.
Mix that cranberry juice so now we're sipping pink.
Rapping slow, this track is throwed.
Rep the King like it's lamp-mode.
New York, my mind state.
Malecon on that white plate.
Rooftop like it's 88.
Uptown with my kinfolk.
Eastville, where they blow smoke.
I sip slow, I don't choke.
October 31st, I toast to Martin Luther.
December 31st, we pop that Martinelli.
Boys's doing shots, my homies didn't blink.
Team's down to clown, I got that sparkling drink.

Pouring up, like the night is ours.
Shorties getting turnt at the bridal shower.
The beat drop, but they wasn't ready.
Champagne glass with the Martinelli.
Champagne glass with the Martinelli.
Champagne glass with the Martinelli.
The beat drop, but they wasn't ready.
Champagne glass with the Martinelli.

You know I never got that bottle service.
I brought a bottle to the Christmas service.
Taylor told me drinking make her nervous.
I looked her in the face like, Girl, just drink that Martinelli.

Thirty empty bottles, ain't nobody faded.
You know I'm double-fisting cause my homies made it.
Brian hit me like, Tonight we getting nice!
I told him, Bring the buckets, I would bring the ice.
Glasses in the air if you's a rider.
All my gente on that dancefloor.
And they sipping on that cider.
Got that 'Nelli in my system.
I'm a lover, not a fighter.
Say them boys is on that SOSA.
Cause them boys is looking light, alright.
'Bout to mess around and spend a hundred-fifty.
Walk into the store like, Where the Martinelli?
I just messed around and spent a hundred-fifty.
I'm walking out the store, I got that Martinelli.

I got all my people with me.
Wifey says she want a sippy.
I know your parents hate the drinking.
But it's all good cause this right here's that Martinelli.
Uptown at Alex.
So much 'Nelli they brought pallets.
On my ten, still got balance.
And my liver got no damage, no.
I'm bout that good time homie, no regrets.
Shoe game too strong, I don't.
wanna flex.
Look it, I'm a honeymooner.
Me and wifey in Aruba.
And we 'bout to hit the scuba.
She said, Take out the trash.
What I look like, I'm the super?
She ain't think that's funny.
Imma' do it, alright, alright, alright.
I got a game plan.
Leaving in the same car that we came in.
When that 'Nelli's in the system.
Ain't no telling if we twisted or we isn't.
They be yelling out....

Wordsplayed &amp; Andy Mineo.
Pouring up, like the night is ours.
Shorties getting turnt at the bridal shower.
The beat drop, but they wasn't ready.
Champagne glass with the Martinelli.

