Matter of Time Lyrics
by 4th25.


Two for the matter is.
Nobody really know, whats gonna happen to 'em.
When its gonna happen to 'em.
Or where it's gonna happen to 'em.
You know it's like we just out here, waiting for it to happen.
It's no place to be, and I tell you first hand.
I'm just to the point now where fuck it you know?
Just letting the cards fall as they may.

I'm halfway home but it's still a long road to be travelled.
And I know at any given moment, things could go sour.
From sweet, to the streets on fire, problems unravel.
Still holding my breath, boots laced for battle in a place.
Where they would gladly, see me scattered.
All over they streets, cause here, my life dont matter.
And though they smile, underneath those grins.
They only waiting on their next chance to try to kill me again.
And don't be caught thinking out here, that your chance ain't slim.
Cause there are those who have thought it, who will never think again.
Cause we're alone in this county, a hundred forty thousand friends.
With some 20 odd million, who would see us all dead.
You could only imagine our struggle, the odds we against.
Where they are but all times playing, both sides of the fence.
Though they haven't got me yet, I still ain't home.
Until then, its only a matter of time till I'm gone.

It's only a matter of time 'fore they get me.
Though so far they missed me.
Next time they shoot in my direction, could be the one that hits me.
Yeah the odds is against me.
Lucks been with me so far.
I know death's round the corner, but I dunno how far.
And I ain't trying to hear my number but it could be the next one called.
Told my family I'd be home, but Iraq's trying to prove me wrong.
This weighs heavy on my shoulders I can only be so strong.
Sure we all gonn' survive, but we dont know how long.

Started out with 60 minutes, in the game of my life.
So far thank god, everything is all right.
Being in the middle of the streets, and in the middle of the night.

And it's too late here to be worried, whether or not this is right.
When there's somebody on every corner, ready to widow my wife.
And I can feel it more than a little bit, impacting my life.
Wanting to kill everything, that moves into my sight.
Cause I can lost only once, and there are no rematches.
And there is no 2 minute warning, can't brace before it happens.
So we face it, and come so close we can taste it.
The one trip we take every day and hope we never make it.
Cause death's right behind us, and some of us'll never shake him.
But when we are challenged, we can not refuse to play him.
So we knuckle the fuck up and start swinging.
I know its only a matter of time but right now we're not leaving.

Yeah I'm trying to keep it together, but things fall apart.
Especially when I'm gone for so long, losing feeling in my heart.
Synthesise with my surroundings, every colours turning dark.
I don't see nothing beautiful no more, only targets my reticle marks.
Was emotional, then emotionalist, now I dont feel a thing.
And though it once killed me to kill, I'd gladly do it again.
If only you could really understand, the state of mind that I'm in.
Only then could you feel me, only then would I make sense.
If only I hadn't had been to some of the places I've been.
IF only I hadn't have seen what I saw maybe I could feel again.
But it's too hard to separate, what's going on within me.
It's just so much easier to let hate be my remedy.
So for everything I'm guilty of, let the lord sinnes me.
If only I wouldn't have let everything I've been through hither me.
Things could have been different, but that is not my reality.
And either way it's only a matter of time before I'm outta here.

