Move On Lyrics
by 4th Avenue Jones.


I'M getting tired of games 
Look at you a year and a half, and you still ain't changed 
So, I'm out the door 
Why you acting like I'm saying something. I ain't never said before. 
When I block my phone 
Don't be looking for me at my mama's leave me alone, 
I'm sick of you 
And. All of this drama you putting me through 
 
If. He really wan na be with me. 
We can start a family 
If. Not then brother move on move on just go away 
Cause. I ain't got time to play: 
Working nine to five all day, 
Know what you can move on. Just move on 
 
Don't be coming with no drama, don't be coming with that 
Don't be coming with no drama can't be coming with that 
Don't be coming with no drama, don't be coming with that 
Move on keep moving on 
 
I can't believe you got me Feeling this way 
Brother - it's not alright, but yeah, it's okay, 
Now I be leaving I'll, be moving away. 
Don'T talk about it prove it to me to stay. 
I had to pray. When I was hoping to get back with you too 
But. You ain't ready on the regular, be acting a fool. 
Like confetti in the wind would, wherever you blew 
But now, I'm tired and too old. Pretend that's why I'm through 
 
Ahmad 
You, don't understand that bust on line for line 
And on fam impeccable timing, 
Rappers, if front of me shining 
Trying to catch them from behind and 
It's. True, no man's an island 
So, I'm through clubbing and wilin' 
No running from commitment, try to do four minute mile now, 
With you I'm always smiling 
Because. I love a challenge: 
You gray girl. Let me smother you with color from my palette 
You say: I'm tripping be thinkin', I be talking smack 
But. If I walk out the door baby, I won't come back 
How many times I done put up with your whining huh 
Girl. If you don't appreciate me, I'ma find someone. 
Ahmad is real with it. You know I ain't trying to play 
You feeling me all my homies say: 
 
Your mama, looking at me, like { sucks, teeth, } 
What, my daughter, see in this 
Dread lock. Having always have me like, I'm being frisked 
Bought me a new car, you bang the keys like a pianist, 
Your mama say she hate it, then why she always be in it 
Plushy in my BM, why I dress this way, 
Had to tell her Jab rocks, like I'M Shante 
Plus. I love your daughter. I treat her like she Nefertiti 
Man. She never needy, and she ain't ask me what I bought her 
Kinda homey cause. Her moms was lonely when Pops jetted 
The only thing I'm leaving is this podium hot get it 
So hold tight, no time for pressure play the zone. 
I'M sure you know. I love you, but I heard you on the phone 
You said: 
 
