Moving Forward(Extended Edition) Lyrics
by 57 Pixels.


Let me tell you something you already know, The world ain't all sunshine and.
rainbows.
It's a very mean and nasty place, and I don't care how tough you are.
It will beat you to your knees and keep you there permanently if you let it.
You, me, or nobody is gonna hit as hard as life.
But it ain't about how hard you hit.
It's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward;.
How much you can take and keep moving forward!

In all of it that is great.
I'm still walking around like I haven't ate.
A disgrace; I wonder if my parents think conceiving me was a mistake.
But just wait, I got something to say on this take.
I've never spit real.
All I know how to do is quit and steal.
Got locked up now I can't fit this feel.
Of turning my life around to get repealed.
All the homies I rode with fled.
No one knows me, like I'm faceless and dead.
Ciroc and weed got their minds instead.
They're seventeen and seem to have no life ahead.
Why should I try it's worthless?
People with food stamps have a Cadillac purchased.
The only normal people belong to the circus.
And everyone can't be real on the surface.

Is it for some money or my sudden urges?
To let my feelings out in a way you can interpret.
Ma, I'm really just trying to find my purpose.
I roll around my town and see it bleed.
People ask for stuff so needlessly.
Work is work, man be appreciative.
It doesn't matter if it;s what you dreamed to be.
If you got a family to support than do this:.
Swallow your pride and toss out the excuses.
You're going to be the only one that loses.
With the rest of your life remaining reclusive.
Why try to take from other people?
They've earned what they got man, that's just evil.
You can do the same if you just try.
And get what you need by being peaceful.

We're all equal, and that knowledge is lethal.
Some of us abuse that stuff like needles.
Equality doesn't mean we go half and half.
It's we all get a chance to grab at that.

In a time of crisis, would you do what you're ordered?
Even if it meant your friend being tortured?
Your mind is cornered, so you put of borders.
All I got to say is try to keep Moving Forward.

Go out and get what you're worth.
But you gotta be willing to take the hits.
And not pointing fingers saying you ain't where you wanna be because of him,.
or her, or anybody.

