Mula Lyrics
by Uncut Diamondz.

Got a heart of a lion: make moves like a giant 
And this city too. Damn small for a nigga to be lying. 
I do shit with precision those with money. Make decisions 
So, I'm grinding everyday, so I could get in that position. And… 
 
Till! They find the cure on dying and we all could last forever. I want the
money 
Until love is really real and we could make it last forever. I want the money 
Cause, it cost mula just to be on top 
Cause a broke nigga, never called the shots 
If. My girl and my friends leave and all I got 
Is my health shit. I want the money 
 
This, stunting music, I'm talking mula its, how you use it 
To make a change broke niggas. They only make excuses, 
Girl prostituting for designer shit and hot exclusives, 
Its conclusive. If you got money, then she seducing 
She, sell her soul just to buy clothes and hit the mall 
Love. When they ask her what she got on Christian, Loubitions, 
Them red bottoms yeah. She got em guess who bought em 
For her that dude she met when it was Autumn. He was balling, 
And uh. She got his number and she gone fuck him till he falling 
In love dudes with 9 to 5's are broke. She only party with thugs 
Girl. I feel ya. Your story is so familiar 
With, these chicks in South Florida chasing figures with no father figure. 
Also. That'S part of the reason I ain't fucking with ya. 
Your short term goals cool, but you don't see the bigger picture 
But who I'm kidding she stunting. These hoes is winning 
Telling, a faithful girl. She tripping 
 .
 Lord knows that I need stacks. 
Lord knows that I need Neiman's. Lord knows that I need Saks. 
Stacks stacks its about them, Benjamin's 
Stacks stacks them, Andre, Benjamins, 
A. Benjamin is a hundred, but if its Andre, then its 3 stacks 
I'm a outkast when I need racks a big boi, I need least 3 stacks 
Stacks stacks its about them. Benjamin'S 
Stacks, stacks them, Andre Benjamins, 
…Stay grinding, I'm upgrading my status, 
My name, uncut diamonds. My gold 24 karats 
And, I'm known as baddest motherfucker on the come up 
Grinding every day. Every night till the sun up 
Nigga, I got drive Bentley vision in a Honda. 
Can'T say that I lied worked at Depot by the lumber 
Just to kill it this summer and if ain't making nothing 
Can't even get food from publix, then fuck it nigga, I'm bussing, 
 
Lord knows that I need stacks. 
Lord knows that I need Neiman's. Lord knows that I need Saks 
Its about them: Benjamin's 
Them, Andre, Benjamins, 
A, Benjamin is a hundred, but if its Andre, then its 3 stacks 
I'm a outkast when I need racks a big boi, I need least 3 stacks 
Its about them. Benjamin'S 
Them, Andre Benjamins 
 
I need my R 
