Mustangs and Bloodstains Lyrics
by Ruse.

Uh, Mustangs and Bloodstains. Some say that I must change.
Collect the complaints then forget what them sluts say.
Cause it'd be mundane if I was held to a constraint.
I'm unchained and runnin up on whoever the f*** runs the game.
So what's the name? Ruse, just touchin base.
On what I can do with this music, boastin over bumpin bass.
Beat buffet, I'm stuffin face. Eat em all up, I'm somethin great.
Beat em all up, leavin puzzled faces like, uh, wait, what's the race.
?
White, Imma cut to the chase. Flow's tight with a perfect pace.
Like puzzle pieces, the words fit right. Writin with an urgent case.
To strike lightenin in a person. Raisin might, lightin fires with haste.
May be vain but I'm certain, Imma ignite a light. Writin writtens purer than a virgin.
A purist emergin from a curtain, a lyricist lurkin.

Purgin these stupid curses we're cursed with who are doin disservice.
To the public conscience, it's nonsense. Onset's just skewed the surface.

It'll stop when it's served it's purpose or worse in a hearse when.
God comes to cue the curtains or Allah comes through with virgins.
Cue the allusions, a man with mega blood stains.
In the back of a hearse, dead, led by a mustang.
I must say, I'm gifted.
Cause gimme a mic and my mood is lifted.
Cause I'm different. Yeah, I'm different.
But gimme a mic and I'll rid of resentment.
Rippin a flow, itchin for yo contentment.
Kick it, sit and zone, and commend its commencement.
Committed to the commission of yo attention.
The affirmentioned mission, emmisions mended for mention so.
Don't omit it for it is oh so ambitious.
Recommendin flow admission so listen.
I'm resurrectin dope, representin hope, hopin for.
An exceptive reception. Don't set the bar low.
There are no exceptions.
Your best is best expected. Expended effort.
For acceptance. The present of a presence is.
Present if you press and present pleasance.
Ces says life is all perception so stress is.
Made by a negative mindset. Your senses.
Set up the blessin that's life, blemished.
By the pessimistic conception some might have.
Have a mic, a jagged knife. Slicin as I'm rappin tight.
Stabbin right smack dab in em, a dagger made of massive might.
Might I add, I'm at a height. Maximize and I'll pass it by.
Mustangs and Bloodstains, an alibi to pacify.
I must say, I'm addicted.
To this mic and everything I do with it.
I'm addicted, a little bit different.
Just gimme a mic and wait till the beat kicks in.
I'm on a discreet mission and in commission. These mittens.
Can slaughter a beat. Writtens will fall to my feet quick when.
They're callin for me to kill it. All in, believe I'm committed.
Enthralled by the heat, grillin, the feelin I get when I'm in it.
I'm awesome when I reach for the ceilin. The flow leaks and it's spillin.
So freakin ill, silly to believe I'm skilless. If you're.
Black as a skillet, I'll speed up to sustain.
Your bloodstain on the windshield of a Mustang.

