Muthafuckas Lyrics
by Swifty McVay.


Hey 
Shit- talkin', ass, niggas, 
 
I can't stand them. Niggas 
I mean I'm .... Um ... Bless me 
We. Do this because we loathe you 
Muthafuckas 
Muthafuckas 
Muthafuckas 
I mean you really ..., 
Muthafuckas 
 
I've had it up to here with this bullshit 
Ignitin' dynamite 
If. It ain't right, I sabotage it on sight, 
I'm, tired of niggas talkin', the talk 
And actin', like they walkin' the walk 
But. They can't even crawl 
Settin' up their fall. 
I'M a dog here to tear it up. 
While, these niggas tuckin' their balls 
Between they legs and they sittin' on scars 
To take a piss-. So when they see me their drawers get filled with shit 
Breakin' laws as well as jaws 
Applauding, their crib 
They, get clapped up. 
Their crab-in-their-bucket asses act, tough 
Until, I bust their door With the force of a mat Truck 
I'm bad luck, 
Even, if you keyed it with Matlock 
You, couldn't convict me-. I keep weapons without a stash spot 
Runnin' this game-, the street sweeper. That'S my mascot 
They plot, but never follow up with their plans. 
I'M, not bullshittin' man 
I'll turn your neighborhood into Pakistan 
If. You don't kill me fast as you can nigga 
I love this shit. 
 
We do this because we loathe you 
Muthafuckas 
 
We. So tired of y'all niggas walkin' around 
Poppin' off that shit 
That's. Why we do this 
Because we-, love-, muthafuckas, 
 
I mean you're, really muthafuckas 
 
I'm tired of these fuckers 
Thinkin', that they can cause ruckus 
They're, not tough-. They love to run their mouths like Muppets, 
They hustle, but probably need more muscle, 
They own a gun, but need another motherfucker to bust it. 
They actin' nervous cause. They scared of the levels of rebuttals that they
could turn into 
Whenever. I'M beefin' I'm a threat like something terminal, 
I dig into their chest, quick as surgical methods, 
Creeping unexpectedly 
And. I definitely want some blood shit 
It's, the reaper speaking with a hell of a death wish 
They, don't believe it'till. I come greetin''em manifested 
With restraining orders on me, 
I'm quick to send a plaintiff to Witness Protection. 
Faces are blurred when they're tellin' on me, 
Insomniac half man and animal 
An android with an anger, intolerable 
The. Honorable judge can catch a slug, 
I'm metal, detector, dodgable 
Honorable. To remain uncountable for the sound of shit, 
I love it 
 
Beefin' is second nature. 
And niggas respectin' me like a mason 
But. They stare at us like Alien Nation 
They need to tell the cops to come. 
And lock me up fast 
Because. My attitude is like Jason, without the hockey mask 
I'm fast, to put you niggas on blast ‘cause, you asked for it 
I'll strangle. Your mama then grab her wallet and passport 
They love to ignore war, 
They're hesitant to man up 
Lookin' like Moses, from hidin'\- Scared as fuck 
They ain't prepared to buckshoot or nothin' 
They'd, rather sit up in the crib and make excuses 
When the hoodlums come bustin' 
Down Their motherfuckin' hinges: 
And, stick ‘em with syringes 
Filled with poisonous liquids, 
And be walkin' away. Relentlessly 
Mentioning me is for suckers 
That think that they can diss without repercussions 
So. I give ‘em concussions 
They, never wakin' up from this evil. 
We do this because we love to see people 
In this situation with beefing 
I love, this shit, 
 
