Need Lyrics
by Rus.

If I told you that I need this, would you believe it.
I'm hurting a little in the inside, sorta like bleeding.

But perceiving, too much ahead of time.
I'm at the ladder, but it's one that I cannot climb.

I'm on my grind, it's no fifty-fifty.
Where I'm at right now, I'm at a risky city.

I'm not talking about the crime rate, it doesn't exist.
I'm talking about the education, it doesn't exist.
Because whatever's on the list, it's considered bullshit.
I'm hanging off the cliff, i'll put down the writing stick.

Most of what I learned, is from the first hand turns.
So I got the experience, but I'm still feeling the burn.

What can these teachers say about that.
They grew up with stacks that were probably fat.
I get laughed at, while an audience gives them claps.
They're expressing anger toward students, mine is toward my raps.

Man, I understand the whole, I hate school is common.
My time they're robbing, my grind they're stopping.

Sure I don't get As, but why base me on my grade.
But on the amount of work that I'm putting in as pay.

What else can I say, most of it doesn't matter.
Because if it did, i'd have better food in my platter.

It's just I feel imagination is more important than knowledge.
Why can't I just join a school for music instead of worrying about college.

Damn, why is it that no one is understanding me.
I'm trying to put everything that was planned to me.

Into the Atlantic sea, because honestly, it's my life.
So who are you to say that I'm not living it right.

Sure it's a little tight, I'm trying to loosen it a bit.
But it's hard to get this noose on your neck to loosen a bit.

Nothing suicidal, it just the stress all in my mind.
I'm not trying to lie, but all I can come up with is that I'm fine.

But you know I'm not, I bet you've been through the same.
You wishing you can go back to a checkpoint, but it's not a game.
So you go through all this work, just to grab a little fame.
So you and I have something in common, we both went through the pain.

I got a friend in the E.R., Eric I hope your okay.
Because after Jeremy went away, it's kinda damn early.
I would hate to see another face end up in the place.
Where you're surrounded by grass and in a wooden case.

The world around me is just not going toward my way.
But what can I say, I was put in a game I didn't want to play.

