Never Do Lyrics
by Zip K..


My niggas hella true aye.
We hella wave.
Fuck with my camp you hella thru.
I'm Tryna get us hella paid.
Them sheisty bitches catch that hella fade.
That's just some shit we never do.
And when we do we always do some shit these niggas never do.
No mercy on these niggas that's some shit we never do.
My niggas hella true aye yeah.
We hella wave.
Fuck with my camp you hella thru know that.

Money Makin Nique.
Dead Benjamins.
Boy I got a thick stash like Fred Williamson.
West Indian and my blood clot driving shoes is reptilian.
Just copped the new Monclair with a lot of feathers like the head Indian.
Outspoken and I'm still hustlin cause the money talks I just said billions.
Dinner with white friends I'm laughin, cause I got the most dough I don't need.
dinner jokes.
I'm a work of art on the birth getting head while I was on the phone with.
interscope.
Stuff pradas on purpose.
Like they spend a lot so they worth it.
No broke shit and if it is.
Bring some condoms would you please send the nurse in?
Okay Two gold rolleys the paired with jaundice.
Smash your honey like Darrel Dawkins.
I'm ill the album dumb But I'm so sick I had to prepare the hospice.
Prepare the coffins I be there in office.
With two bitches getting tossed to Marvin.
Ordering hits cause ya man been talking.
Talking shit but can he say it walking.

Started gettin older.
Started growin colder.
Hold the moments slower than some purple soda.
Watch ya homies even when you geekin.
Carl was still a cop over Urkel's shoulda.
I know chosen soldiers that'll murk and mow ya.
They'll forget ya for they get to know ya.
I'm a different breed I got some different motives.
But I flip the script to make consistent quotas.
I was born ready aye.
Yeah nigga aye.
I was born ready.
When I hit the VIP they drop the con-fetti.
30 million people seen a young nigga gettin box in a box Chevy.
Rest in Peace, Paul Walker.
Cause I'm livin life in the fast line till an accident make us all walkers.
We don't fuck with none of y'all talkers.
How this college kid from east Atlanta get respect from all these fuckin mob.
bosses.
Green faces old as Bob Barker.
Shout my woes.
Shout Dem Money Makin bros.
Count my loafs, bread pillsbury dough.
Stickin to the the code.
Never fold, Never sold out.
Signed.
Nappy Pappy.

