Never Loved Lyrics
by X-Raided  (a.k.a. Nefarious).

X, Nigga, what's up with these bitches nigga 
D I've never loved em 
X Flat out nigga. But let me tell you something though: nigga 
Nigga, I ain't, never loved a bitch nigga 
But I've loved a ho nigga 
Cuz when it comes down to it. Nigga that ho'll pay you more than that bitch 
You know so: fucc Snoop, Dogg, nigga 
I love them hoes, but I ain't never loved a bitch 
 
The. Only thing I need a bitch for is to give me some of that poontang 
When. I finished handlin business that ass is dismissed, 
Vacate, the premises, 
Miss thang ain't, no reason for you to cry: 
X-Raided ain't givin, a fucc, 
Coulda rap, nut, drippin, all down them; thighs 
When, I'm trippin off of that Thai 
I ain't got no patience for no little old Bitch nigga 
Lydon Kanaf. This game is tryin to get my grip 
But trip, 
It's obvious she gon be joccin cuz. She knowin. I got that cash flow 
That's why she wearin them daisy, dukes and showin. Her asshole 
Must be thinkin. She could make me fiend 
Get the spleen and run deep 
But. The bitch can't show me nothin. I ain't already seen 
So come clean. I mean it ain't all that serious 
Plus, if you runnin that drag drama 
Considered each other 
And who the fucc I'ma tell when I fucc you better, don't mean I'ma, love ya. 
I only got affection for one section of yo body: sista 
That's when it really got erectional 
I'm stressin off Bacrdi-cardi, Mixer 
The X be clowin them hoes, like bitch, get the fucc out my face 
But. First, let's run a race 
Dott Dog, Let's jacc off and see who could nut in her face first 
Disgrace her and replace her ass 
Cuz X-Raided loc ain't got no time to be tryin to chase her ass 
Baste, her ass, like turkey, 
Never. Let a bitch work me 
Believe. It either serve me or take a beatin 
 
I, never loved a bitch but I'll admit I've loved a ho 
Cuz when it comes down to it that ho'll pay ya mo 
It's. All about that money. That hoes know how to make a stacc 
But a bitch, never had shit, always layin on her bacc 
 
Dott Dog be havin em stucc on it jump on it, succ on it, hump on it, 
Pump it bacc when you hit that pelvis bone bust. A couple of nuts on it 
You know you want it, don't postpone it 
Cuz. Only if you ready and willin 
Drop your children, 
At yo mama's house cuz, I'm about to kill em 
But, don't expect no love from the 4-4 lug 
You had to lose. You know 
I'ma gain a ho. If I lose a ho 
Cuz, I be kiccin it with niggas, that's musical 
When. I refuse to go down below your belly button. 
I'Ma. Do your shit so bad! You gon be leakin that yellow jelly 
I'ma, nuttin and stutin and cuttin the fucc out 
You done stucc out like Canseco 
Givin you all you could take ho 
Guaranteed. You really cum no need to fake ho 
Because. I say so: 
Dott Dog from Stoccton 
This, Mad Man, Blacc Market droppin, you bitches in trash cans, 
 
And, a nigga like X, ain't got no time to be caterin to a bitches needs 
All. She could give me just maybe a headache or a sexualy transmitted. Desease 
So ease up off my dicc, so I could proceed to doin my own thang 
I. Don'T need your love for wonders, so give me some room to let these nuts hang 
Swang from the vain. Like Tarzan and Jane in the jungle, 
I ain't givin, the bitch no dicc unless she got the money in a bundle. 
Then I'ma smash up and picc the cash up, smilin like that cat, 
Sh-Shinin Daytons on Bow Ties and niggas mad. But I did that 
I pull up and all these niggas high cuz they a stare, 
Insecure mutha fuccas X-Raided, loc hatin, but there ain't no need to go there. 
I ain't trippin off, none of them uninteresting bitches, nigga, quite stressin me 
Before. I go home and teach you a lesson and take your bitch on G.P 
Havin, you hotter than chiccen grease blowin your bitches mind. 
Givin me monthly welfare, checcs investments into my grind: 
I'ma: double it up and bubble it up, cuz! That'S what bloccstas do 
And now. We kiccin it tighter than fish pussy and nigga. That'S waterproof fool. 
I smash your ass, like you, a 7-7 cut, 
350 chrome plated gut 
Customized drop top with a fifth rim, but 
Mutha fuccas close they eyes to keep on seein me. 
Niggas aim to be L-O-C. That'S why they hatin me 
But nigga, your bitch will sit down on the couch 
Take her panties off 
Let me rub her clitoris before I tear it off 
The pussy's. What I want 
And this dicc is what she needs: 
I, never loved a bitch, but we could kicc it and smoke so weed 
X-Raided ain't got no use 
For a ho who can't produce 
Cuz your cash is all I want 
I, don't need your pussy juice, biatch 
I ain't goin out, like the average Joe 
I'ma savage with that shit. That'S on the 4. I let em know 
 
