Never Happen Lyrics
by Woop.


I ain't p-p-playing with them bitches 
Bad bitch in the kitchen, always do the dishes 
I'ma keep it chilling with the choppa 
My niggas get in and they whipping Betty Crocker 
She. Don'T even care that I stutter 
I'm in love with money I'll. Never ever love her 
Whip. A cannon out on these sour apple suckers 
I, don't break bread with a buster 
Nigga, never seen it never happen. 
I, don't even know what you talking. ‘Bout 
So, why the fuck you asking me what happened? 
Nigga, never seen it. He ain't never seen it 
I be playing blind as a bat. 
I'Ma hold it down for the real niggas 
No Mickey Mouse I'll. Never ever rat 
Nigga never seen it never happen. 
I'Ma tell a fuck nigga first 
Boy don't play with me: cause 
She g-g-g-g-gone off Patron 
Stutter on a bitch. She n-n-never coming home 
 on site. He done took one to the dome. 
Woop'Ll tell these pussy niggas what the fuck you on 
 
 Juice, Boyz, KT, 
Pussy, nigga ain't got it all. My niggas get it 
Juice Boyz Woop, Lingo 700 tripping 
Got, a molly plug put Juice in the city, 
6 12 chrome heat. You can 
Gave the wrong nigga money: big balling ain't, a secret 
Run up I'ma bust. You real talk, no blather 
Man. I used to have nothing now. I got 6 figures. 
No deal drug deal, fuck, nigga cop, a deal 
Tell them crackers. If I lose my appeal, 
Real niggas keep it real, fuck niggas, don't live 
Got the choppa pulled up and get stupid, 
I'll body just loosing real life, no rap 
Bust a shot. Nobody pussy talking to the cops 
And. We them niggas over here, fuck them niggas. Over there 
I'ma tell you niggas. We beefing I'm coming to kill ya 
Can't find ya. I'M clapping your people 
Talking about me and you are not equal 
Super OG, ask about what I been through. 
Don'T break bread with a buster, we'll never do rap game. 
 Took over } 
 
2 bad bitches ate each other pussy 
I ain't know it's c-c-c-c-coca 
Shoe box filled with baby blue knots. 
Woop got more 
I, don't like that broke bitch. I, like oak 
Bitch, send them knots. They call me Mister Band Band 
Stomp, a nigga out. They call me Timberland 
Robin fit kill a nigga choppa jet lag 
MDMA off a molly grip. I get to geeking taking shots just like a bar 
Crack, a nigga egg. On some Humpty Dumpty shit, 
Humpty Dumpty must a ho 
I'm, the type of nigga rob the corner: sto' 
Pull up, camouflage all black John Doe 
Sold him fake Xans and a sugar rope of dope 
 Cups with me and KT 
I'ma do whatever I got to do And make all these pussy niggas hate me 
Choppa, like the Army, 
Play the game dirty real, dirty Magic, Johnson 
R-E-S-P-E-C-T. They gon' respect me: 
Playing money games, I'll f-fuck, a nigga up, 
Whole house filled with 
Aye lady. Tell your son to pay up 
Claim. He riding foreign, but I've never seen it 
Claim he selling work, but we ain't ever seen it 
All. My niggas beef like Burger King 
Hole in him size of a onion ring 
 
