New Kings Lyrics
by VNCHY.


It'S, the new king kind of flow 
Nat King Cole, thing kind of flow 
Nigga's like hold up hold up 
You hear this shit, something you should be honoured for 
Flow, like Cole, but never have. I ever seen a guy before 
Rhyme before, like God before 
Sounding, like I blew up six times before 
Huh shit, I'm a north side, nigga 
Winning, but what's happening on your side. Nigga 
Right I've been leaving niggas thinking that the 
Rhythm that I'm bringing made the north side bigger, 
Not, the oldest but coldest out, 
Like Yeezy when Otis out 
I, say this. So you know: what's up man, I told em 
Fuck, you rappers, I be after all, you suckers shit 
Word on the street is Lord VNCHY's all they fucking with 
What's a degree when a million is what you out to get 
Just call me Justin. Just in time. You just the opposite: 
No wonder man, 
 
I, said designers on our physical 
Hoes is something typical. 
Don'T need ObamaCare 
When you puffing on medicinal 
My niggas thinking criminal 
Lames in our peripheral 
It really isn't fair when your shit is so original, 
, 
Diamonds and diamonds 
All. My niggas been shining 
Keep, reminding you niggas that you can't deny us 
Got me a team we're all supreme 
But. We don't wear the attire 
Grinding so much I don't hit, but I'm telling hoes leave when I'm tired, 
There ain't, a bitch or a nigga. I admire 
They take the hit, I'm the supplier 
Making, this crack, they call it rap 
Have. You heard someone speak like that, 
It's that new real shit that we on 
Get the Patron I'm out of my zone, 
With. All these girls here taking one home 
Ain't cutting checks so leave me alone: 
Because, 
, 
Straight out the 
Cold capital, never heard. None like him before 
Hear me for I ignite lightning with every syllable. 
Hear me for the shit. I'M writing is somewhat biblical. 
Here. The hoes fancy their romeos with designer clothes 
You're, so typical, you're, all so typical 
I promise. Vnchy is the missing link in your videos. 
Put me in that shit. 
Let me spit something that's way below your temperature 
Canada's dumb struck. I guess they really froze 
Forget'bout the day after tomorrow. 
Boy this ain't, a movie, you spend money to borrow 
Higher levels. Like Mario watched, like the Sopranos 
I'm Netflix, how I block busters. You need to follow 
Huh, no question someone. You should invest in 
Married to that music met no bitch worth investing in 
For your protection, I'm quite cold, hearted 
Put, the business over pleasure 
That's. Why them girls departed 
Because, 
, 
