Next Level Lyrics
by Swych.


Green hill zone?
I got my snapback on so it's more like green bill zone....
Especially if you look in my pockets.

Yeah! See it strated in my room with that pen up in my hand.
And all these dreams up in my head &amp; all them people that just said.
I'd never do it.
Now I ain't makin' moves I'm makin' movies....
Makin' money, makin' sure my haters lose, Gee.
Willikers, you ain't gotta ask if.
your G-F's.
Feelin' him, do she got hands.
? Aww man I'm.
Killin' 'em, haha-hallelujah Amen.
&amp;.
Success is my weapon of choice.
Step to the boy, c'mon.

And we gon' do it big cause they told us that we couldn't.
And we gon' be ourselves cause they told us that we shouldn't.
And we gon' make it everywhere that they said we would never.
So we gon' take it, we gon' take it to the next level.

I never sleep, cause sleep is the cousin of death.
But see I dream, cause that's how I plan every step.
I never sleep, cause sleep is the cousin of death.
But see I dream.. Yeah, I dream.. Yeah.

Yeah! You know me, like I'm down with O.P.P.
I'm trying to get in the game, sick of watching loading screens.
So sick I need a telethon!
So call your favorite radio station up and request this song.
And if I leave the crib believe I got my freshest on haha.
I think I deserve a matching medal.
My snapback is yellow, Gohan on.
another level.

I shouldn't have to tell you, you should already know.
My snapback got me flyer than Mario 64, EWW!
And it ain't even red wings.
But them honeys be, all over me, like, red things.
They beez in my lap, but I Beez in.
The Trap.
Makin' that cheese and makin' it stack, I just steez and I mack.
I just snap, when I rap, like a franchise boy.
Never leave the game, I'm trying to help it branch out boy I'm 'bout my.
business....

I mean, they say keys open doors....
It's like I was raised in a barn I just leave it open you know haha.
It's like, I got they key, to change the world and inspire millions of people.
And I just want to let everybody possibly in on it, you know?
So let's go. Level Up.
F2Ddreamgang it is. Forever.

