No Brainer Lyrics
by The Undergods.


It'S, a No Brainer 
 
Keith Murray 
We, like EPMD bitch. What is this 
Pass the Heineken mind, your business 
Next to the passport money and the gat 
We carry in there any former raps in our knapsack 
Our body of work is sited by the experts 
As genius, but we pass all the perks 
I get what I want. I make the girls go. Berserk 
Yeah, 
Hardcore women got me coming out my shirt 
Like, a male stripper. It'S the big dipper 
Mr Canibus, oh yeah, that's my nigga 
Mr Keith Murray. Nobody come sicker. 
You can represent your crew. No doubt 
But. You can walk that talk with my foot in your mouth. 
We blown the static break it down like mathematics, 
Stay hard at it. This shit is sporadic 
 
Yo, listen to the rhymes that I write. 
I say it now. So by the time you do, you won't chose to put up a fight. 
Yeah, you rock insane, but you not Germaine 
I would appreciate it if you don't reference anybodies name 
Rap at it. Like I did ten years ago. Let me take a crack at it. 
Rooms padded to protect bodily hazard 
Outside like showers indoors, with the mic for hours 
Why, doubt him. He sit down and write albums, 
The pipe organ backs up the microphone orphan 
That is sitting in the corner, softly talking to himself 
Everything sounds so the same. 
Everybody want a brand name in the game, but its all good 
Non-perishable lyrics in the hood. 
I, don't know a lot of emcees that would and still could 
Be silently subdued until complete quietude 
Very soon you'll be a Nigga With a new Attitude. 
 
Who the Second Round, Knockout Clubber Lang, stuttering, slang, 
How many hands, am I holding up man 
Four. I only got two nigga you're through 
The ref too pussy to tell you get the fuck out the booth 
Out the window and up the roof. It'S called'Duck duck. Goose' 
When the gun, shoots you better, not move 
Doing this pursuing this treat them like they new to this 
Get busy spit stupid shit. You know what we do to this 
 
Keith Murray 
Yo every track. I feature the monster creature 
Walk in the church, curse out. The preacher 
Everybody wan na know is the Undergods coming with the flow 
Bitch you already know. 
What is this stupendousness 
Keith, Murray and Canibus kill anybody with the flow 
_______. I don't think so. 
Just buy the album and come to the show
 
