No Darkk Lyrics
by Vivekverma.


I dont know why man but i feel like somethin positive.
Somethin positive that resuscitatin me of which m loosin will.
My confidence was slowin down and collapsing like pile of clay then.
But music ain't dyin on my clock ,its alarming so m back at it again friends.

Do not walk back off the path.
See the motivation with the fact that.
Its like a spark when you better act.
I am back on this track with tourrete's syndrome.
This is the moment u can fall , top back in vocation um.
,the gut you feelin keep you stronger , the.
Problem is nothin but a block in the way of rock bottom.
Having the hesitation try to keep fuckin pateince in mind.
So fuck the past put up a thumb from ass behind.
Smoke out the grudges like coke product.
By tommorow you admire the fuckin fun overcome the sorrow.
You are desparado not a looser follow up the motto.
You can bet yer bottom doller for tommorow workin normal.
You may now feel the pleasure.
And better shatter the pressure.
But hey if i die bury me with the mic sure.
In the coffin or ground.
Real eyes see everything so.

I see the light when the dark inside.
I open my eyes wide the world so bright.
The night is there m lookin stars.
Every morning i wake see the sunshine ,no dark XX2.

Look whoose back on the door opportunity knocked again.
You better fortunate enough to see her face and.
Nothin is lost barely vision is blurred.
Last time he mistook the failure m back again.

The more you feelin the vibe stop thinkin the days.
When you dyin inside.
Freak and time eatin you as termite.
But fuck the fuckin STRE DOUBLE SS.
PUT A DICK INSIDE HER NECK AND JACKIN OFF HER LUNGS LAUGH.
THEN KNIFE HER CHEST.
I am tryin to pullin you off the feelin.
That makin you sick.
And i wonder the matter the someone batter your heart a lot.
M tryin to make a lil bit healing the scars.
Reslience seekin through you, may hit the curb.
So you will wake up in gut up hour.
I wanna make you laugh on this rap or crap.
The rhymes makin you ass fine even its a white or black.
Ita amazing you gazin your ass crack ,dancin when days end m laughin at ,now.

I see the light when the dark inside.
I open my eyes wide the world so bright.
The night is there m lookin stars.
Every morning i wake see the sunshine ,no dark XXXXXX 2.

Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx.

