No Love Lyrics
by Yung Massina.


These niggas turn on ya  They let it burn on ya.
I thought you was my friend  but it was all pretend.
You live and you learn homie.
You know I bust for ya  and treat you like my blood brother.

I thought you was my friend  betrayed me in the end.
Now I ain't got no love for ya - No.

You was my nigga, I was with ya ‘fore you made a comma.
Nigga I stand beside the bride ‘cause I'm made of honor.
You niggas major drama, so it's fuck a clique.
Since you niggas tootsie pops, I'm thinking ‘bout how many licks.
I just heard my nigga snitched, they asking my reaction.
I can't be friends with a rat, I ain't Michael Jackson.
Man I just keep the road to riches on my GPS.
And keep one eye open so I can see BS.
Can't believe the rest when they tell me how my dog feel.
I'm a go to you and see like a tar heel.
Guess we ain't all real, it's gotta be some fakes.
You want the rats gone? You gotta feed some snakes.
Whatever happened to mi casa es su casa?
They trying to scar me, I'm hanging on like Mufasa.
Me and my chopper, that's the only one I know loyal.
These niggas change for a dollar like 4 quarters.

These bitches turn on ya  They let it burn on ya.
I thought you was my girl  I promised you the world.
You live and you lean homie.
I could've bust in ya  I put all of my trust in ya.
I thought you was my girl  You gave away your pearls.
Now I ain't got no love for ya - No.

You bitch you, never should've kissed you.
Please explain the punchline ‘cause girl I just don't get you.
I hit you lonely in the dark, thought I was only in your heart.
But you a parasite with more hosts than 106 and park.
You even made me split apart from rap tours and I ain't Bosh.
Used to suck that dick clean, I guess you had me brainwashed.
I can't believe that I fell for that fake smile.
I played myself like Eminem in 8 Mile.
And I admit, I ain't never felt this way in life.
Used to think I can't get left ‘cause I hit it like Can't Get Right.
And now I can't get right, baby girl you played it good.
I ain't see no red flags like a crip neighborhood.
It's understood you was chasing them green backs.
Verizon website ain't gon' get you that ring back.
Now it's top models and ciroc bottles.
I had to cut her tail off like a rottweiler.

