Noise Lyrics
by Quanche.


Uh.
Giddy Up, semi tucked.
But how'd they find out? man somebody talked.
Somebody got time and somebody walked.
That's a breed I don't know, don't agree with that code, no seats to that.
show.
Man I seen enough.
With my eyes closed and my ears plugged.
Do I see evil? No, do I hear evil? No.
We don't speak it but they listen and they fear us.
That's the funny thing if anything.
I'm a good kid where the better kids would've been if there parents never had.
a wedding ring.
Smoking on some good shit in the neighborhood peddling.
Not bikes or flowers, that white that powder, any vice you outta come get it.
I'm in a civic, when its a Masi doing 185 my plates still won't be legit.

Fuck a fake friend or female sneak dissin'.
My fingers look like my grade; twistin'.
Armagnac pissin', life magnificent.
They wishin' I was here sayin' it isn't.
Bout a dollar, Denzel.
I used to post up, up on Kenwood.
And watch Granny house for the intel on them beans, on them lentils.
Now dollar bills yell at me, fuck is you sellin' me?
I am not buying your bullshit.
The broccoli, lettuce and celery only thing relevant in life they always keep.
telling me.
Stick to my guns, I'm risking possession that's 3 years in prison at least.
So unless you talk to police, i don't think you making it home by Easter.

Interlude.

Slip the sandman half a mil just to make a visit.
Rushing yards, these bars lemme kick it.
But the crown two more points, all of us.
anointed V.O., five points.
Don't forget to quote me Z.E.
There's levels to this shit, this isn't entry.
The minor league speak doesn't peak my intrigue.

Real shit lets talk more money less talk.
Why you think I got dressed up?
Threads like Jim Stark, Red jacket.
Livin' that Hartlyfe, they can't tell if.
I'm messed up.
They say those fancy cars are melting the polar ice, my lenses are polarized.
Fine linen this coat of mine, these beautiful women are all on my.
Devious thoughts, thinking mischievous I'm scheming a lot.
I Howl at the moon, me and the night.
we've been meaning to talk.
With no reasonable doubt, I don't see nothing but sows.
Clutching their fork and knife waiting for bacon to peel.
Free up to Bakes he said fuck the appeal, my life a movie I'm stuck in a reel.
It's real out here, right? Tryna plan the next meal every bite.
Watchyu lookin' at? prolly don't know I don't fuck with that.
I just wanna pocket that money get rich, my girl ten points no Huckleberry.
shit.
Tuckin' that in, never tuck a flag in, too ignant we couldn't have enough of.
that bliss.

Not guilty ?
If you mess with drugs, like your Granny, ah nuh go bail you.
Seh, ? because we ah older generation.
Say as I say but don't do as I do.

