Nothing On You Lyrics
by Unnamed.


She stopped my heart. The first time I saw her 
No kidding it's an emergency 
I think I belong in surgery, 
 
Cause she's, like Bobby Shmurda, she's, hot 
Ain't, a single thing she could do to make me stop 
Loving her because in my list, she's at the top 
And. I remember the day we met. 
I was in a rough place, because I'd only just broke up with my ex 
Needed someone to help me and make me feel better 
And I have done ever since the second. I met her 
She's better than any other girl. I'Ve met she makes me feel good 
She treats me the way. A girlfriend should 
She's the only girl in the entire world that I love 
And. I really would see her every single day if I could 
But, unfortunately we're miles apart. 
And those miles seem like worlds cause. I love you with all my heart 
And. It hurts when I'm on the train home 
Just thinking about how the time has flown 
Always does with you always feel in touch with you, 
 
And. It'S strange that my fucked up behavior's what you condone 
And. I know you love me so much. It doesn't need to be shown. 
 
Spending five minutes with you reminds me that you're my own 
Because, it's better than tripping 
Better than sipping 
 
Better than drinking, and waking up to find out that you've been slipping. 
Better than casual sex 
 
Better than a BBQ Tex-Mex 
The only thing better than anything in this world 
Is spending time with my girl, 
 
What about Beyoncé 
She got nothing on you. 
What about Megan Fox 
She got nothing on you. 
What about Emma Watson. 
She got nothing on you, 
Ain't, a chick in the world. That'S got shit on you, 
 
Nothing else matters long as you love me. 
I know that you don't care about anyone, but me 
When, I'm alone. All I want is you to touch me 
Girl. Everything about you is lovely 
The way, you style your hair. 
The way, you prove you care 
The way you cuddle up. While we watch TV 
The way you smile. When you see me 
While, I stand here, ripped jeans, 
Band, tee and Nikies 
With, a smile on your face. Like you're tryna, say: cheese 
It might sound cheesy 
But loving, you is easy. 
I know I'm dumb, like Cheddar Bob 
But. When I come near you, you freeze me 
And when you smile, it just makes me wan na throw in the towel. 
Cause there's no point fighting it 
If. You were a python. If 
I was a rodent shit, 
You win every time 
Whenever. I look in your eyes. 
I just break down inside 
And, I would cross the line 
Just to be on your side, 
No matter. The consequences 
You make me shine. 
Girl, I'm counting the days'till. I get to see you 
And when we're together, you're, not the same shit me too 
And. I ain't had shit like this. Before I'm telling you you're special 
If, there was an award for best girl, then you'd get the medal 
And all the time, I'm alone. All I wan na do is kiss you 
And the proof's in this track. I wrote it cause. I miss you 
And. When I see you, I feel so fucking blissful 
 
I'm out with my friends 
But. I would prefer to be somewhere else. 
I keep thinking of you 
I'm. Sorry. I left you by yourself. 
Just, wait till the weekend. 
Baby! It'S not too far away, 
I'll come down and see you 
And. We can be together all day
 
