Off the Record 2 Lyrics
by Yungen.


I, don't name for fame. Neither do I name to shame 
But, I'm learning more and more. This is a pagan game. 
I'M learning more and more these other rappers hate in vain 
I know I've got ta, be the bigger man to make the change. 
I know I've got ta, be the smarter man and make a change. 
Man are getting caught in feelings and stating names 
I'm tryna stay focused. I can't break again 
You're lucky this ain't'08 cause man will take your ... 
Yo. I got niggas in their feelings. 
Of course. I'M ruthless: the whip ain't got no ceilings; 
Nigga's hearts, man they're, changing like they're seasons, 
It's arms house, I'm at your mum's, with my demons, 
I'm, just counting blessings and I'm learning lessons. 
Tryna usher. My way through without no confessions, 
Tinie said he rates me highly man that shows progression 
I'm what they into from the south. To the western I ain't, stressing 
Fam, I'm tryna make my marge, proud. 
And help her out cause. There'S times I weren't allowed. 
Nothing was the same. I got my head up in the clouds 
When you make it where I'm from you scream that shit and scream it loud
, 
Krept and Kone, put me on and that's something I won't forget: fam 
But, I'm not here to be no shadow or no next man, 
But Saying that it's still Play Dirty to the death fam 
I'm signed to Sony, my niggas, they signed to Def Jam 
There's so much to say, but I'ma save that for an interlude, 
Stop asking me the same shit in these interviews: 
Playing a game but where you win To lose 
These rappers they'd do anything for flipping views 
Fuck another diss track my nigga. I ain't in that 
I couldn't take a break. I was out there serving Kit-Kats 
I'm tryna buy six yards, you tryna get a six pack. 
You can't relate. If you don't live that 
Fam I gave my sister. My house gave my sister my house 
To, give my nephews a future. I gave my sister my house 
Now, I'm in the fucking pent I used to live on the couch 
But. When you tell my fucking story, don't miss that shit out 
I was in court watched my big brother get a 12 
He just had a little girl, he ain't home until she's 12, 
You wouldn't believe bruh. He was the man behind the scales 
Now we're here. Talking about jails, 
What's, your name ringing bells, if you haven't, got your freedom 
What, does your rep mean if you ain't no longer breathing 
We, all tryna prove a point, but I can't figure the meaning 
It's all fun until your mum's grieving 
I buried a best friend At 16, 
I'm praying that we all make it through. Summer'16 
Nobody's got the drive, but everybody's got the talk. 
Yeah they wan na live dreams. 
I'M ready just make sure the whip's clean, 
I helped my mum get out the ends before I got myself a Benz 
Put on for my friends. I don't want them. Shotting tens 
Yeah. They drive me round the bend, but I still lend before I spend 
It's cliche. If you in my company, then I defend.. 
Money can't buy your heart 
The sterling didn't change me. Then why would it start 
I'm at festivals and I didn't have to chart 
They said we wouldn't make it out the play park. 
 
Ayo, Reece .... We made it 
 
