Oh My [Freestyle] Lyrics
by Yung Rudd.


Woo 
*chuckles* 
I'm, going in 
Too Much Vibes, 
 
Wuz de scene. It'S Yung, Rudd 
In attack with a track showing knack 
Of how to kill any whack. Dude spitting, raps, 
'Til plaques, be on my rack.
To Paxx 
It's, easier done than said, 
me and rap. We done been wed 
Yeah, I'm a monster ain't talking that shit kids fear be under beds, 
I'm, trying to make that wonderbread, 
That white man cake so you'll be killed on the mic unless you're my fam' or
hoss .... No Mr. fucking, Ed, 
Talk slick better. Do something! Breds 
Cause, I'm all about that action packed into the palm of my hand and slap a
nigga upside, his fucking head, 
Y'all, say: Trinis, can't rap 
Even dudes, who skinny have fat 
So I'mma, make words that stick like shinnys and tacks: 
With a style, that's New like Guinea And ma- 
Ssacre, all you bitch ass wack, rappers, 
From Trinidad to Africa. 
To the U.S. you'd do mess. If you step to me and start ac-ting up, 
Don't mean to brag, but I'm the shit like inbetween your cracks and butts 
Anytime. We blazing hit that shit twice. Then you better pass the stuff
, 
My girls say yeah. If you got a nice chest, big ass or the fat-test muff
, 
My dudes, say yeah. If you know the girls that answered That's for us, 
 
I know when you hear Yung Rudder 
That his words, give you a shudder: 
You open your mouth and utter 
Oh, my 
 
When, you hear me spit y'all niggas say: oh my y'all niggas say: oh my 
When, you hear me spit y'all, chicks, say: oh my y'all chicks say: oh my 
Anytime, I'm in the booth y'all know a nigga, so high y'all know a nigga so
high 
Yo yo, I'm the truth.. Even I say oh my. Y'all all say it don't lie. 
 
Easy said easy done: 
I'm a go getter like Jeezy son 
That's. Why, when I'm hungry for beats, I go to Mev and tell the nigga feed me
one 
Back. Then I was OK since then. There ain't NO way 
You can say I'm whack cause of that. I'M so not guilty like O.J 
Simpson, I wan na take a burn, so I'mma be right back like Danny 
Hit, a bit of that fatty. Then knock beats out like I'm Manny 
Pacquiao living my dream, I'm happy now 
I came with fire and I hit it for six and y'all out for duck like daffy how 
Sad here's a hanky towel 
For your tears in 4, more years, kids around the world'll be Using my old
rhymes in theirs like hand me, downs, 
, It's ok to sip y'all haterade like Shandy, now 
Cause the Xplicit movement. Do it big, like mampees cows, 
And things gargantuan, like tits on Pam Anderson, 
The, local game, been calling for outstanding shit and right now we answering 
Y'all been sleeping on us like you took Doral or Ambien 
But, the champions will bring real vibes to make green like Yampee friends
 
I know when you hear Yung Rudder 
That his words, give you a shudder: 
You open your mouth and utter 
Oh, my 
 
When, you hear me spit y'all, niggas say: oh my y'all niggas say: oh my 
When, you hear me spit y'all, chicks, say: oh My y'all chicks say: oh my 
Anytime, I'm in the booth y'all know a nigga, so high y'all know a nigga so
high 
Yo yo, I'm the truth.. Even I say oh my. Y'all all say it. Don'T lie: 
 
Heh, Yeah, 
2, Much Vybz, 
Bitch
 
