Oh The Depths Lyrics
by Wolves At The Gate.

Oh the depths of riches like the water that fills the earth 
The knowledge of my Creator, who gives me worth 
And, though I crave to know all of the patterns of this world, 
Is endless for it's beyond tracing out 
So from as far as I've seen. There is a great hoard against me 
Because. I am a man sights see targets on my back 
For. All our hearts are not clean and the archers fire freely 
Because. I am a man sights see targets on my back 
Because. I am a man, sights see targets, 
For, every knee will bow and every tongue confess 
That. You are God For you. Are God 
His image bears the sight of the unseen King. 
His name is ever pleasing for this we do sing. 
Father of grace and mercy has poured out His wrath. 
Forever Your name proclaims, 
The Father of grace and mercy has poured out His wrath completely 
On His Son. For our sake, we are free who brought the Lamb to slaughter for me. 
Oh the depths of riches like the water that fills the earth 
The knowledge of the one that gives me worth 
I have not a gift to bring for all things are from Him and glory forever 
But, as their arrows are drawn. There is refuge in view 
Now. Don'T get me wrong, I am the least of these. 
I have no knowledge to give or power to seize, 
I have not a gift or a planned endeavor 
For. All things are from Him and glory forever. 
There is love. Here is love. This is love. There is love, 
Where is the wise man. Where is the scholar? Have they not been made such a 
Fool in their squalor 
For? They desired a sign and sought for the wise 
When. The precursor of life was right in front of their eyes: 
Oh death, oh death, 
Has lost. It'S sting on me. 
Oh death, oh death, 
You've, been forever conquered, 
The Father of grace and mercy has poured out His wrath completely 
On His Son. For our sake, we are free who brought the Lamb to slaughter. For me, 
There is love, Here is love, This is love, There is love, 
The, Father of grace and mercy has poured out His wrath completely 
On His Son. For our sake, we are free who brought the Lamb to slaughter. For me, 
Romans 11:33-36 
