Old school shit Lyrics
by Twitchy.


They used to call and ask for bahta just to fuck wit' me.
Now they holla sayin' that they fuck wit' me.
But luckily, I know they fake.
No MTV cause boi I'm sucker free.
Shout out to real mufuckas who showin' love to me.
Old school that's my cup of tea.
Bumpin' reasonable doubts so loud that old people duckin' me.
Cause I'm from Florida where ho's try to play me.
And the weather always sunny but the people always shady.
It wasn't always like that.
Now we creep around like cats.
And you know we never sleep fuck a night cap!
And a nice nap cause I might snap on a right track.
Write raps, my flow the people like that.
And we light that tree, remember when I was younger for fun we used to climb.
that tree.
I used to be so innocent now I'm insane boy, so bury my ass with green slime.
and a game boy!

Yeah.
That's that 90s shit man...
That's that shit you don't know about...Luke Bahta.

We in here like I told you bitch.
Young mufuckas on that old school shit.
Shit, yeah I told you bitch young mufuckas on that old school shit.
Yeah, yeah I told you bitch, young mufuckas on that old school shit.
Yeah, yeah I told you bitch young motherfuckers on that old school shit, uh.

Shitty generation era.
I remember playing crash bandicoot and zelda.
So this normal life im ready.
No more scams on the culdasac, ed edd n eddy.
That summer heat persona.
Playing pokemon while youre drinking Arizona.
Now its all about clothes, fuck I miss the days of super smash bros.

Thinking I was hardcore, days of playing mortal kombat and 64.
I had courage, but I was still coawrdly dog, sleep and then blog.
Wii and dragon ball z.
Take a break from reality, morning to the dark.
Lay down, eat food,head up to the park.
Do what I love cause its all about my heart, started writing saw a spark.
So I put in work honey.
But its all about the fans couldn't care about the money.
Only for what happens.
Hear the fans clappens.
And then I split.
Right back on my old school shit.

