On A Mission Lyrics
by Q Da Kid.

Q Da Kid
First Kane did it
Then Big hit. It
He left J wit it
Tag. Now I'm izzit
This is history. Bein made all over
Just when they thought that it was all over
They. Hatin expect me to fail
Expect me to lose. Don'T expect me to sell
Well hell. I got breakin news
Q shine bright, like Jacob jewels
I, try to help em, but they some ungrateful dudes
They, see me on tv makin moves
I been there done, that
Got rich in one month, ya, dumb stacks
I done been thru a lot of a lot, a shit and from dat
I learnt A lot I been waitin for this comeback
Now, it's on me
The group split. They said I wouldn't do shit
But, I'm way too creative to sit
Innovative. I prayed and I proved it
I'm doin things that only most can imagine

I'm a believer
I'm, a overachiever
If. You got plans of makin it to the top
That's. The only way, I'm a c yaaaa
I'm on a mission to get mine
I, don't talk about it, baby
I be about it baby. You know
I'm on a mission to get mine

Q Da Kid
It mighta took me a minute, but now I'm in it
Fly women, my style, ain't mimic
I'm, so innoventive got the mind of a co-chemist
I stand out so fly so emit
A giant in the game, tryin to gain scrimmage
They, say I'm Arrogant got a vain image
Instead, a wishin me luck
They, tryin to figure out ways to finish me up
But. This is my time you dudes menace is up
I'm out grindin. Whoever try to call my bluff
Just holler at me via e-mail or I-chat
Never, ran. Never. Will I fights back
I'm better skilled for the job and I like that
They, got their grill face on but inspite that
Momma said you got ta go out and get it son
She can't drive, but a Benz. I'M a get her one
Just for the hell of it to say that she got it
What, they sayin is irrelevant, I'm soul, surviving, that's big

Q Da Kid
They, say hip-hops dead, but I beg to differ
Took a pit. Stop who woulda ever figured
That. I be here getting guap up. Never da quitter
Slowin down is one thing that I never considered
Now. It'S big screens 12 mil
Everybody want a piece of my alleged deal
I. Can'T sleep, I'm Heath Ledger on pressure. Pills
I can't stop, won't stop and I never will. Ah, ah, I never will
 
