On My Job Lyrics
by Xc.


1 for the money, 2 for the dough.
3 for the paper ya ready here we go.
Here we go they swear I'm on the low.
But I ain't hiding run and tell who ever wanna know.
I'm on the grind bitch I'm on the grind.
And you should be too thats of you wanna shine.
Nobody gon give you nothing thats why I go for mine.
I'm working around the clock even go overtime.
My nigga I'm on my job.

Ain't no days off bitch.
I'm always on the green not the one you should play golf wit.
I'mma boss I don't lay off shit.
You work hard 'till ya die and after that ya get a graveyard shift.
I got a killer drive somebody should bring a hearse.

My girl left me she swore that I was cheating on her.
Was coming home to late its alot of paper work.
Guess thats one of the faults of success.
I got this bad secretary at my front desk.
She said you wanted beef and I ain't even upset.
I guess its perfect timing I ain't had my lunch yet.
And what you calling out me for.
This hater still on the line like a free throw.
Its some ahead of him she said its three more.
And they're more important please hold.

And getting money is my occupation.
Its like a full time job tryna clock the cake in.
And chasing birds I don't got the patience.
They think I'm throwing bread around so a flock is waiting.
Word is I'm getting love from the population.
I tell em love is blind I'd rather watch em hating.
And it cost me 2 flat just to drop the base in.
So every time I hit the hood its like the block is shaking.
I'm in that all white Crown Vic.
Pound kick enough to make the ground shift.
I'm by myself when I ride up The Mile bitch.
Nobody shotgun thats where the 4 pound sit.
Niggas ask me why every track sound sick.
I'm on the baseline like I'm outta bounds bitch.
Ya girl say she love my flow and my outfits.
She think I'm fly 2 ways like a round trip.
Them niggas ain't about shit.
Say they want war then niggas come around quick.
But they don't want no drama.
Its Big Business I'm like a young Obama.
I need a Sarah Palin muthafuck a Joe Biden.
Ya wanna see the future you don't need no psychic.
Just look at me niggas can't flow like it.
Cause back when they was watching casper I was ghost writing.
I guess we just 2 different dudes.
You was skipping school I'm in class bitches too.
And we ain't nothing alike don't get shit confused.
They not touching me and they just ain't feeling you.
You posted up shit I'm off the block.
I mean I guess you bound to travel when you ball alot.
I'm headed to the bank that mean I'm calling shots.
I'm always on time I'm never off the clock.

