On Site Lyrics
by VonMar.


Code red bail out, nigga imma bail on site.
Man down man down, see an OPP shoot on sight.
Riding around in foreign, yeah them steamers is what I like.
See a goofy lacking, imma take that lil' whip on sight.
Cuz I keep the nickel on me, make change if the talk ain't right.
All i know is money, imma hit a lick yeah on site.
Flying in the coupe, loud got me feeling alright.
Drop the top back, all these hoes gone on site.

.357 with the scope red dot don't need no sights.
Hopping in the steamer with the tints, like everything gon' be fine.
Alot of niggas scary, I can bitch him that mine.

I dare you jump tough, you'll be the next online.

Talk is cheap, so imma keep the money on mine.
If I come across a lick, I hope it goes sweet cuz niggas dying.
My Niggas straight wolves, we'll move shit on the 5 ?
I ain't gon' cap, fully loaded clip be taking lives?
Cocaine whip, white lil' bitch a lil' shy.
Put money on my mans books, everything fine.
I just did a year, but I ain't sweating that time.
Iced out wrist, like a nigga froze time.
Money make her come, but I ain't give her a dime.
A nickel or a penny said the dick just fine.
These hoes gon' go, time after time.
Bought me a rolli just so I can flex.
Girl buckle up, all I wanted was the neck.
Where's your pants, Get that shit off your neck.
For thotties I dont show respect.
If I see an OPP lacking, aim for his head and chest.
It ain't Tricking if you got it, so I'm shooting off this lead.

K.O the God.

A lot of niggas lying, they ain't really toting that pipe ?
I've been bout' that life, serving that green and that white.
If I ever go broke, imma gon' rob me a hype.
Low key I've been in and out of jams, with the 30 in my hand let a nigga know.
that.
Reload fast put a nigga in a can.
Man down man down wheres the stash.
Getting high off another nigga pack, got the 30 on me, I'm a whole hitman.

I can call Von he'll stay with me, young nigga and I'm riding with the same.
semi.
Got a 30 loaded clip and a hunna k.
All my niggas VA crazy.

A hunna street k, Drawin' ass niggas wanna fight.
O.T.B, catch an Opp blowin' on site.
R.I.P, now your whole face on sights.
THOT boys gone,in the air flying like mike.
I'm known in the streets, bitch I done earned my stripes.
Fuckin' these THOTS, that's that old shit that I like.
Nigga talk crazy, don't know I got that pipe.
My guys on the roof, all them niggas got snipes.

