One Two Lyrics
by Zoo Babies.


Uh uh 
 
They call me Fateh D-O-E 
But, you can call me Fateh Doe 
Rollin' with my team and the girls seem to love it. Yo 
No longer young cause. I'M wiser, like Doe 
Late night recording, got ta, be that number one 
 
Number one with a bullet and ray bans. 
The game plan overtaking the name of the same fan: 
The zoo crew, trapped in a natural habitat 
Bad as cats swingin', the battleaxe into 
 
Feelin'. Like Apple way, back in'96 
Underdogs, but one day we gon' be that shit 
Watch how the zoo crew move 
We, making beaucoup moves, 
We, just havin' hella fun, while gettin' Youtube views, 
, 
Ay, yo, feelin, visious, 
Rock, kids. In the summer, 
You stutter we sharper than Baraka with a box-cutter 
Rasta like the mind stars drop bars in the lines 
We flutter minds. We got your brother sayin', 
, 
Ay yo. Welcome, welcome! Welcome to the zoo, 
It's, the babies, makin' cages runnin' out the avenue 
One. Two y'all 
It's, the zoo, y'all 
One, two y'all 
It's, the zoo, y'all 
 
I'm known as Gagan by the Government 
Singh cause my people united when we sufferin' 
Other, then that I'm half magic, half exciting 
T.dot minded born and bred as a viking 
Young Thor smokin' these Drats until my lungs sore 
That's, the name I'll pass to my unborn 
Tweetin' till my thumbs, sore @ BrownMagician, 
Find me cookin'. Even when I ain't around the kitchen 
Call me the heartbreak kid with a sweet chin, 
Used to killin the bees. But now we bee sting 
Business in the front, but a party in the rear, 
Long hair, don't care mullet like Jaromir Jagr 
Yager, it's Mr.! I am not the father 
Dancin' like B-Magic. The Actor won an Oscar 
Kevin Costner, but what I'm speakin'
is? True 
Ask, your girl about me cause she believe in the zoo, 
 
Yo it be the dude with the peach fuzz 
Call me Babbulicious rockin'
wilers, with the jeans cuffed 
And, the members only jacket, 
Me and four guys with the bow ties and a curly moustache 
On, some Sammity, Sam shit, 
Now - all I need is two pistols by my side to shut up your damn rappin 
It's, the rise of the antagonist. We, the barbarians 
The toughest in a crew of five hairy men, 
 
Call me Villa for a reason: 
Pow right in the kissa to the
moon, like Jackie Gleason 
Crownin' on her hair, just admirin', my dreamwork 

Wait lem me reword, 
Follow, your dreams jump up in the wishing. Well, 
Full of some killer whales come up with stories to tell 
That was a metaphor: 
Life's a bitch ain't. It 
Don't worry you'll, be fine like a late payment, 
 
Like, a late payment, 
I'm, a late payment, 
We're, a late payment, 
Like, a late payment, 
 
