One in a Million(Foreign Fridays) Lyrics
by Tyler Thomas.


Get a little bit.
Get a little bit.
Get a little bit.
Get a little bit.

Foreign Ty, coming live, from the side.
Where them niggas throw their hands up high.
And them Hoes know the deal, when them niggas getting killed.
So they only show up just to stand up at the ?
Never show out, dressed to impressed cause she heard from a girl wearing more.
equals less.
Short little dress, tissue you in the breast.
Take a couple shots shots she be easing up the stress.
Man it's crazy I'm half way broke in this shitty ass whip.
And it goes real slow when the transmisson slip.
But I whip real tough, I ain't ever really trip.
Cause I never though that I would be defined by this shit.
Am I different? Hell no, I'd be tricking off money if I did but I don't.

After doing everything she said that she want.
So I tell her no need for the games girl we gone but I go here.
Sit back relax I take care of it, meet me round twelve at the Mariott.

Ride my dick like a chariot,eating pussy licking like I'm speaking Arabic.
Ooh I'm crazy, oh I'm nasty, what I'm thinking? Please don't ask me.
This ain't that girl, we just chilling.
I hate girlfriends and I hate children.
So I be off be off, see all be all.
They heard before, no need for more.
I want this dough, that come before all of these hoes, this how it goes.

I ain't got time for the cheap talk.
Trying to leave a print in the ground never we walked.
Started from the floor like a fatty on a see-saw.
Now I'm getting love from the crowd like a beach ball.
Hard for me to see y'all, I'm so focused.
Throwing dirt at me and it's hard for me to notice.
Tell me that some haters saying that I'm about to blow this.
Somebody had to tell me for me to even notice.
Man I do me, I do me, I'm a do her, she looking for the D.
Got a home girl coming through with the tree.
Got her friend too then I gotta' do three.
Then I'm dead then I'm off in the streets with sweet in my system.
High so it seems like the lights all glisten.
Bumping the true, calling the crew.
What's the plot for the night? What we getting in to?
Man I'm turnt up, weed loud, lil drunk so feet don't fail me now.
I'm a foreigner, give these fake rap niggas to the coroner then I ?

