One For The Money Lyrics
by 40 Thevz.

Artist: 40 Thevz f/ Coolio.
Album: Honor Amongst Thevz.
Song: One For The Money.

One for the money, two for the show.
Three for the ladies, but all they wanted was one.

P.S., Coolio, Lek Ratt.

Hey, that nigga Ronno get stress.
Say what? Is that right?
I heard he won't see the streets 'till he about forty-five.
And guess what? All this, behind a mean ol' bitch.
That he was tossin' her and flossin' with.
But, it got serious, he got thinkin' she was really his.
And really she was out for the chips.
You mean she was out for the ones?
Yeah, she was one those type that like to get.
Her hair done, so that she could look fly for you.
But lie to you, in a minute.
I bet every time he turned his back anotha.
Nigga was up in it.
Yeah, I seen him up at the mall spendin' up all his riches.
With this girl on his hip smilin' from cheek to cheek.
And he was tellin' me some bullshit about gettin' married in a week.
He was carrying Doolieaburke in Armani bags.
I gave him some dap, but I really wanted to laugh at his dumb ass.
Somebody must of told him girls just wanted to have fun.
But he was dumb and full of cum cause all she wanted was....

Lek Ratt, Coolio, P.S.

Some fools ain't got no game at all.
Gettin' sprung on the draws.
And they forget who they are.
He even bought her a car.
He bought her a car?
Yeah, nigga, that Baretta you saw her dippin in.
All of a sudden, she ain't got no time to spend with the nigga.
That's spendin the chips.
Man, those bitches ain't shit.
Instead of hittin' it, there forgettin it.
He started babysittin it.
She was four months pregnant and the baby wasn't even his.
Plus, she got another kid by another nigga.
And now, it's gettin' more expensive than he originally figured.
So, he went out and got himself a part time job.

And got his part time rob on.
To bring the cheese home.
But she was still ungrateful.
Cause the money that he used to spend on her.
He had to spend it on baby clothes.
He should of saw the game comin'.
But bein' in love is like bein' drunk.
He didn't know that she was out for the ones.

P.S., Coolio, Lek Ratt.

Come to find out all this time they was trippin'.
She was showin' some other nigga all they secret positions.
Spendin' money on him, while he spendin' money on her.
I knew by the time it was over that somebody would end up gettin' hurt.
You ain't never lyin'. I knew she wasn't right cause.
The homies used to be touchin' all on her big ol' ass.
And all she did was laugh.
And if you try to tell him.
He'd get mad and wanta scrap.
And if he thought anybody wanted that pussy, he'd react.
Yeah, I know what you talkin' bout.
The nigga used to be a mac and hustler.
And then he started sniffin', wearin' snake boots and shit.
Then lost all his tennis shoe pimpin.
He had some business out of town and wanted to surprise her.
By comin' home early.
And sho nuff found out homegirl was doin' the dirty.
To make a long story short.
Now we gotta go to court.
Cause he walked in on him and her fuckin'.
And cut both of they throats.
I guess that's why these niggas be scratchin' and clawin'.
For crumbs cause they got a pocket-pinchin' hoe.
At home and all she want is ones.

