Only Lyrics
by Yung Rudd.


Yeah.
Yo.

Damn dan.
I'm the best, my flow is phenomenal... Kan kan.
Your girl she's finer than sand dan.
She's in love with the stick like a pan man.
Weed never silent like lambs dan.
Failure that's something for you to see.
I laugh to the bank and to UTC.
Blooming like Poui trees.
Bretheren excuse me please.
Paxx 'Em is here.
High as a kite I'm on Saturn, I swear.
Blow them away like Preedy and Anson this year.
Hatred, you spread it but badman don't care.
XE we own it.
You know it.
If you're a best thing, then we bone it.
Roll up a spliff then I smoke it.
Or like a cricketer bowl it.
Inhale too much have a choke fit.
Chief 'til i touch where my soul is.
Cheating women in Afghanistan compared to me don't know what being stoned is.

Currently guess what my mode is?
Higher than on pluto son.
My room does make a joke out of 201.
Dan I hope allyuh learn your lesson.
We're the illest hailing from the western.
Side of Trinidad is a blessing.
To see all the people we're impressing.
I have somewhat of a confession.
With winning I have an obsession.
Hating? Then ask why you are where you are yet we on top of this like it's.
dressing.
Blessings.

Raise every bottle and cup in the sky....
Sparks in the air like the fourth of July....
Nothing but bad bitches in here tonight....
Oh if you lame and you know it be quiet....
Nothing but real niggas only.

Strange to be the baddest out when your first album isn't even done yet.
But I knew I was the truth long days, we hadn't even Pump yet.
Word through the grapevine, rhymes men don't rate mine dawg, they get upset.
But... If u feel u badder then why you ain't shelling down Great Fete and Sunset.
Cause...Rudder is the one you have come to when you want to make a couple.
thousand views on your videos.
I'm a birds man like Stunna.
I improve homes, yup level tool yo.
Give me a Brazilian with a nice back, Isaac will keep like Julio....
Cesar, My room's where the plays are.

Smoke a J, ahh!
Now where is the booth.
Go deep, Suck.
Deez Nuts.
If u don't like the fact we up.
Every day I smoke trees up.
Fire bun if you say weed sucks.
Bun jealously the world needs love.
Us winning stings like bees butts.
Who killed the beat? Like OJ I did it, dan you don't even need gloves.

To the rap game I'm Jesus.
The saviour in all of his glory.
The difference is that people know that I'm real and I'm not just some ancient.
old story.
Worry less about me and my team.
Focus on your flowing and your writing.
Otherwise you cud suck a cold stones like ice cream.
Alright scene?

