Oooo! Lyrics
by The 3rd.


Oooo!
Yeah 3rd.
Ha-ha-ha-ha.
Uh.

Getting to the money I will no smith.
In this rap game I'm a legend no myth.
White bitch to the dark side revenge of the Sith.
But mind your fuckin business and fuck who I'm with.
You need to get your shit together where the hells the pooper scooper.
You talk trash imma raccoon feeling like sly cooper.
Black and white diamonds neck like a storm trooper.
And nigga I'm the man definitely super.
Get a gat and light em up like a Bon fire.
Nigga I'm a king I need a queen a jester and a squire.
Take so many shots it's got me filling up yo photo journal.
Boy I got the recipe it got me feeling like the colonel.
You need to be your own man like an independent bitch.
Bitch I got hella m's imma different kind of rich.
And I'm still holding back I'm a beast on a chain.
But I'm posted asking God why am I so vain.
Boy my side chick asian call it foreign affairs.
Got her sitting on my face she got a tongue on her chair.
I do what I want and it's something like the purge.
You try to not listen to me but you cannot fight the urge.
I'm the original monster young nigga godzilla.
Getting so much GUAP that I'm swaggin in the villa.
Dolphins in the ocean gators in the swamp killa.
Standing in the North Pole I still can't get any chiller.
If you on that bullshit then for now imma blood.
I wear red on purpose cause I wish a nigga would.
Yeah I wish a nigga would boy meet me in the trap.
My fist on warm milk they make a nigga take a nap.
I got more bricks than an nba rim.
Got her begging for some more like her ass tiny tim.
I am not from this earth feeling like invader zim.
And I could knock your lights out you couldn't make my lights dim.
Spit flames that turn you into ash hope you got lotion.
Got that bitch shakin her ass she pop it slow motion.
And boy I stay workin I ain't never got no time to rest.
That pussy like my home hopefully I'm put on house arrest.
Niggas out here actin salty like sea water.
But I don't give a fuck cause if they are than I'm a sea otter.
Lookin for that bad bitch like polka dots imma spot her.
Even if I had a thermostat I couldn't get any hotter.
Like I'm wiping down a watch I just cleaned that niggas clock.
Wit a right and a left that's a tick and a tock.
If that don't do the trick I pull the strap no jock.
Birds I got a flock not a single one mock.
I know fly bitches that go both ways that's a bi‐plane.
I got to much drive so you better stay outa my lane.
And if you in the cut then I'll stich up the seams.
Your now in tuned to philosopher dreams.
I say fuck all y'all and I think that would be for the best.
But I'd never say fuck my fam cause that would be incest.
Wit yo main girl and I'm tryna bust a nut.
Cause I saw shawtys butt my dick was like attent‐hut.
Go against me you won't check out like a roach motel.
I will never change cause I don't live down a well.
Oh you a dog the same one that be a Taco Bell.
Don't mean to offend don't know if you prefer del.
I gotta protect my paper like I got it laminated.
And if you were a fish then consider yourself baited.

And I ain't on yo page but what's a page to a book.
I'm the 3rd bitch no Robert Griffin.
Cocaine livin Got these fuck niggas sniffin.
Because these niggas act more clowny than jadaveon.
Haters can't be honest it'll hurt em just to say we on.
My squad rollin like were fuckin paraplegics.
I'm warning you right now so I suggest you fuckin heed it.
She actin like a smart ass that's a wise crack.
Snitch called twelve around twelve that's a midnight snack.
I'm so hot I got bitches getting nose bleeds.
I don't need no haters cut em off like lawn weeds.
And just because one person said my lyrics is wrong.
Fuck anyone who listens to this song.
Vibe Kill!

