Oopsy Daisy Riddim Lyrics
by Yungen.


Oopsy daisy, I hurt you again.
Crushed your heart in the palm of my hands.
If you walk out, baby, I'll understand.
Cause all I'll do is hurt you again.

Oopsy daisy, I murked you again.
Got Jahmaal in the palm of my hand.
Stop now, maybe I'll understand.
Cause all I'll do is murk you again.

I know Shitmunk might just run out of heart.
Yungs don't run out of heart.
I don't wanna see your big head at Wireless.
I'll make sure you get run out the park.
Run out the park, run out Jahmaal.
I didn't wanna do this, why did you start?
Told them man that you weren't gonna send.
Now it looks like I'm gonna have to light up your clart.
Prerecorded? No.
You've got a snake in your circle, fam.
You're gonna dread that you even replied.
It's like you want me to go Murkle Man.
You can make up all the lies you want.
You don't want me to get personal, fam.
No girl ain't got no restraining order on me.
Is that how bad I hurt you, fam?
Always screaming North London.
You're a big man, that's pathetic.
Like I don't know you live round Essex.
You little TOWIE boy, man, forget it.
No fabrications, no edits.
I used to rate you, now you can get it.
I used to rate you, what do you want, a merit?
But when I see you, fam, don't leg it.
Talking about who you spun before.
Fam, do you think that I care?
About spin me out of my Margielas.
Like I can't just buy a new pair.
About you wear brands with no label.
You've been wearing Ellesse all year.
I won't be surprised if next month.
You don't try and bring back No Fear.
Yeah, you was right, fam, it's not that time.
You got spun by a rapper on grime.
Yeah, they're asking about Krept and Kone.
Don't worry about me, I'm fine.
Don't get why you talk about Tots at time.
When you got jacked in Tots that time.
Yeah, take off your Hublot, it's not that time.
Remember you got jacked for your chops that time?
Now you're talking 'bout Tinie's mum.
How dare that come out of your mouth.
Like you didn't leave your mum in North London.
Tinie, go and buy his mum a new house.
What the hell you got in that man bag?
Oh shit, he's got the pen in the pouch.
I don't wanna hear you talk about no women.
When you always got men in your house.
You're not the president of T.
You against me ain't what you wanna be.
You said you fuck better than me.
Why was you asking about my D? Hmm.
I have to rub my jaw, man, it's strange.
Said a Lambo weren't out of your range.
Funny story, you've got a Smart Car, fam.
Don't ever get out of your lane.
How the fuck do you get to your shows?
How the fuck do you drive with your woes?
I've got a big whip, I could have a threesome.
Me and you ain't even got space to get blows.
Look at the path you chose.
I can do this on my own.
This child chose his destiny.
And I think that everyone knows.
Now they can watch me shell.
When they all come to my shows.
They say my name, say my name.
You know how the song goes.
Designer from head to your toe.
You were swagging the way that you rocked it.
But that's when you know a man's lost it.
When the only thing he gets is the boxers.
Yeah, I know I didn't get on the album.
But you didn't get onto Wretch's.
You didn't get onto Skepta's.
Now tell me who's been neglected.
I'm the Michelle of PD.
You won't let me put the light on you.
You're LeToya of north.
My man got kicked out the crew.
Cause I see Wretch and I see Skep.
But I never, ever see them with you.
Go on then, go on then, go on then.
Say it ain't true.
Don't talk tough, you little actress.
You never been on badness.
I can see into the future.
I can make your March a madness.
Dickhead.

Oh, you thought I was done?
Pump, pump, smarty workout.
Pump, pump, smarty workout.
Pump, pump, smarty workout.
Pump, pump, smarty workout.
Oopsy daisy, I just murked you again, I just murked you again.
Oopsy daisy, I just murked you again, I just murked you again.
Oopsy daisy, I just murked you again, I just murked you again.
Oopsy daisy, I just murked you again, I just murked you again.

