Pandemonium (Remastered) Lyrics
by 57 Pixels.


It'S Pandemonium 
Pour sodium on a snail so screaming. We aren't the only ones. 
You can't condone me son 
I've, bared, more cuts and scars than that of Yogi's son 
 
For starters, I'm known as a post-war martyr 
Imaginary to most like homes owned by Foster 
A sloucher known for having the best posture 

Cause the trucks on the high train. Never stop 
And the Dro's out so now we're rolling up paradox! 
Silence, all around megaphone shouting. Let me talk. 
People won't shut up because I haven't said a lot: 
Oh wow. Now I'm the best kind of worthless 
Everyone wants me, but none has made a purchase. 
Charles Manson, that's a bastard. I could work with 
Since Jeepers Creepers decided not to go lurk. Bitch, 
Broken, glass, wearing tokin', ass, blaring, Good luck, 
To Katie Holmes, because Tom Cruise is someone she would fuck 
Here's a shout out to all the famous rappers. I could want 

Cause I'm breaking out this closet. It'S 
Monstrous like I'm straight hanging out with Lochness. This 
Providence consist of women who compete in jawing, dicks 
Preposterous like a throat chalk, full of sausages. 
And they say ugly babies grow up to be cute, 
Either, I'm still growing or that shit's, not true 
Stop fool just bought a new watch. Don'T make me clock you 
Never enough time, so it seems like I got to stop soon: 
 
 57 Pixels/ Not-57, Pixels 
Sike. I lied to you 
And after I slip this in your drink. You'Ll be tired, too 
Drag you over to my place. So we can get this excitement, though 
Why you fighting boo, My life of crime and high pride makes me cry to you. 
Marcus my carpet rots with your sisters, carcass 
That. I threw in a mosh pit in August to stop it 
From stinking up my closet.. I lost it 
Yeah I finally gone crazy.. Can you blame me? 
I haven't been allowed outside lately. 
It may seem strangely odd to thank me 
But. I drank the blood of the people. You said you hate, baby 
I'm, damned see And no one can help me 
Tell me how I made a prono of just me and a jail scene. 
Stop mom watch John and I shoot up some of this hellsing 
What. Do you mean I'm alone in here, Wheres Chelsea 
Shit, it turns out, it was only me recycling like Wellstin 
 
