Park Bench Lyrics
by Swollen Members.


Red line, razor blade gang, I'm an outlaw.
Crack jaw, you won't see it coming hit you south paw.
Torch the village cause they're really very hokey.
Killin' all the villagers and spit like karaoke.
Used to treat me like a trophy.
Then things got low key, I was dopey.
Now nobody even know me.
And just because I'm doing good again don't mean you know me.
Trust me, I am not the old me.
And I cannot remember one thing that you told me.
Relationship is stale, it is moldy.
I'm fresh now a classic, like great golden oldies.
Not a Mack like Goldie.
Never wack, I attack so boldly.
Shit is crazy, life is like a blur.
I could be a psycho but it's not what I prefer.
New king, cinderella no glass slipper.
No black leather act for the wack stripper.
Madchild lyrically I'm an ass kicker.
Not a ass kisser, I'm a practicer.
That's where a lot differ and I'm a lot different.
Without a pot to piss in but I am not tripping.
Cause see the clock and the clock's ticking.
Badman, I'm a rude boy, shot lickin'.
I mean no, I made no deal with them bowcat.
Had to leave awhile and stop doing opiates.
Stomp on a white boy, smash on a halfbreed.
I don't give a fuck when I rap, I am baffling.

Yo dogs are good, most people suck.
I'll probably grow up to be an old evil fuck.
Sitting on a park bench, cane and a cardigan.
Thinkin' of the days back when Shane he was partyin'.
And soon I'll be an artifact.
Seemed like yesterday I was picking up a party pack.
Now I'm worried about a heart-attack.
Still child-like, AMAX and a starter cap.
You can't cheat father time.
Just be thankful I'm happy, I've had harder times.
Things that I like, they are mad hard to find.
I'm a snob, do my job, I'm a master of rhymes.
I'm a bastard to some, to the rest shit is good.
Main fear? Not to do the best that I could.
Not give it all I got, but still could do better.
Decade and a half, group still we're together.
Still birds of a feather.
Still dope beats, ill words put together.
Hip-hop saved me twice, that's a true fact.
I still love checkin' for fucking tough records.
Used to have a pistol in my hand.
Now I want blue skies, seeing crystal in the sand.
I'm getting old, call me mister I'm the man.
Still cold, still official as the plan motherfucker.

