Peace Of Bud Lyrics
by Unholy Homies.


Don't sleep cause life could pass Ina blink.

Comfortable in my skin fuck what niggas think.
Egyptian bitch sniffing coke off the sink.
Sitting at the top of the pyramid of Giza.
Backwood blunts and some pizza.
Bitch think I love her.
I don't need her.
Got a Swiss bitch waiting on me in Geneva.
Prolly get stoned than, sit up in the stonehenge.
Soaked up all it's energy feeling sorta chosen.
You can catch me doping, always on sumn potent.
Wether In ya bitch crib or somewhere out in the open.

Abstract got some crip niggas in the Red Sea.
Zans in oil the bruh Ima get deady.
If you ain't unholy drop dead like Freddie.
Ask The Lord if he's readyy.

Me and my homies.
Shorty a church girl but she know that we unholy.
So we po the codeine.
Yellow syrup only.
Slurring all my words you would think I drunk a 40.
Who you as high as this.
Shorty why yo own me.
I'm drugged black an prosperous.
She Latin bad and horny.
Roll it than I spark the shit.
Benzopiadene loaddding.
Inlove wit maryjane like a nigga name toby.
Third eye open you look away nd glance back now a nigga floating.
Focused my innerchi target ya chakras and dismantle it's energy.
Superman punch the crown off you spiritually I bet ya consciousness will.
Remember me.
My soul gon last for infinity.
As long as my legacy live so will my entity.
Wit all relations to these trippy ass symphonies that i somehow had spewed.
from.
The inner me.

I'm a demon in denim please don't offend him.
When I hit the stage I will seize your attention.

Too sedated off the prescriptions the weed is medicated.
Found a bitch to get in my and lay wit.
Than start the meditation.
Proceed to deploy on my cerebral vacation.
4th dimension portal is my current destination.
Backwoods Blunts i be facing.
It taste amazin.
The parallel other me I'm racing but I shapeshift.

Abstract got some crip niggas in the Red Sea.
Zans in oil the bruh Ima get deady.
If you ain't unholy drop dead like Freddie.
Ask The Lord if he's readyy.

