Pen N Pad Lyrics
by The Wreckshop Family.


Cash money, fast cars and hoes 
All, I need, is sixteen bars to flow 
I got a lot on my brain got game to expose 
I pray to God for these sixteen bars to flow 
 
All. I need in this life of sin 
Is my note pad and my pen 
Down, to ride to the very end 
With my note pad and my pen 
 
D-Gotti 
I spit it for the public boys got ta love. It 
God gave me the game to stick to the subject: 
Huffing puffing blowing dro down 
Hydro ponic speed, my brain. I share my thoughts with the time. 
All I need is sixteen bars 
To date and do nasty stuff with sixteen stars. 
Big dreams started in my block days, 
Noid when the cops came, performing all the hot songs for block fame, 
Verbal cocaine. I spit 
Uplift boys in the hood, make em hustle harder with them bricks, 
And them chicks. Love me cause. I'M a gangsta. 
This is not a joke. It ain't no studio, pranksta 
I adjust to do what I appose to go. 
As the block by me baby, I'm a chosen pro 
So tonight when I bend knee and talk to God. 
I'Ma. Thank him for these. Sixteen bars know. I'M talking bout, 
, 
D-Reck 
The, one in the chamber and sixteen in the clip 

The track. Gon unzip and the dat gon come thirsty. 
D-Reck spit slick shit harder than a dick in wet hips 
I'm, one of a kind got so much on my mind. 
There he go another CEO, spitting, rhymes 
But, who better to teach the black youth bout, cheddar 
And. He who cleaned the street cash and mash to the next level. 
I'M Mr. Wreckshop and I ain't talking bout, no music, 
Man, I'm way mo' street than the character. I played in the Movie 
One hundred percent thug, I educated to scheme 
Can't named a drug. I ain't weighed on the triple beam 
Have. You ever counted cash till six in the morning, 
My plotting out a plan to get the grass from California. 
Lord only knows all the chances that I took to 
Just to spit this. Sixteen bars out my notebook 
 
Yeah nigga. We ain't talking bout, no mo' jail cell bars, nigga 
We, talking bout, sixteen bars of spitting, nigga, 
, 
D-Gotti, 
Been behind bars. Now I'm living off bars, 
These bars got a nigga. Looking good sipping bar 
Bon voyage to the block now 
Gotto in a Viper with the top down. 
This is what it sounds like when bars on dope. 
My words feed. The hood blocks need this dope 
And. The flow is supernatural boys still catching up. 
Imagine us imagine a star plus eat up 
A track like a cannibal trying to make the rally bucks, 
Hood, niggas, already feeling us 
Sixteen bars, wish out my mouth to the street 
I'm valuable. I'M focused, my fans got me on feet. 
Gotti gon eat cause. I spit it from the heart 
Boys who remember when I was a outlaw ripping bricks apart. 
But God got a plan for us now, nigga 
These bars gon get us rich. Can you see the big picture? 
 
