Pessimist Tradition Lyrics
by XEL.


Lately I been feeling like nothing is okay.
Unless I had a couple puffs and some Jose'.
Stuck with the co-pay.
Got these little demons on my shoulder.
That are telling me fuck what the hoes say.
Try to recapture the feeling, it's stacked to the ceiling.
I went out as a hero but then came back as villain.
Man, I'm after the millions too, don't get it twisted.
If this rap shit don't work for me I'm a still need them digits.
This an ill evil sickness that I'm living in.
I got anxiety in my veins depression is my imprisonment.
Desolate conditions, a pessimist tradition.
You'll never get to listen to my bitching no more I'm giving in.
But God damn, man you so funny.
But I'm on the edge on sanity barely living off no money.
How's a tiny bit of laughs, gonna pay the bills.
They gone find in the grass, with another plate of pills, shit.

Everybody hates me, I'm losing control.
Another bottle down, I am moving too slow.
Reading from a script then... no beating this addiction.
Don't ruin the show.
We've been over this, feel nothing is a cold as this.
Feel like I barely know what sober is.
Time to give it up, time to fess up admission.
Is free with me, cause that's the pessimist tradition.

I don't wanna stay and kill the relationships I have left.
Playing with the past less but Satan's at my lab test.
Taking in a fast breath, and hoping I'm a be alright.
Hoping I can see the light, open up a deeper sight.
I need to write, but tell me what about?
My friends and family all of them I cut em' out.
They want to see me fail, so I gotta take another route.
Trying to get me in a jail, so a lot are fake no love devout.
Tell me why I'm trying to impress, people it's time to confess, evil.
Inside of my chest, lethal and I should know.
Violent of stress feel like needles I'm kind of a mess, see through.
Got lined up regrets, leave you inside of a show.
So yeah I climbed to the top when I young but still I don't know when I fell.
And you playing with poker kings now and you showing your tell.
Ain't nobody really worried about me.
I'm out G, and I'm going to hell.

