Please Don't Kill My Vibe Lyrics
by Ruslan.


I am a sinner who's, probably gon na sin again 
Lord. Forgive me Lord. Forgive me 
Things. I don't understand 
Sometimes. I need to be alone. 
It'S just been one of them weeks, 
Ruslan 
Look. I should really be workin' on my album right now. 
But. I couldn't help myself: 
Please, don't kill my vibe, please don't kill my vibe 
Please, don't kill my vibe. Please don't kill my vibe 
 
Look inside of my eyes, and you will soon find a greener eclipse. 
Tryna get though from the get-go 
You, the blacks. Don'T miss 
Hey, it could feel the strangest 
It could feel like you and your best friend are now becoming strangers. 
I can tell you that I have failed. You 
But, you tell me, I'm brainless 
And. I cannot change this 
How. Can I say the scripture 
When the for blind? It may not hit ya 
Went on the road, and I came back a star 
Think that I made it and I am in charge 
Seeing me different and thinkin' I switched 
Man. This whole process is feeling bizarre 
I'm. Just happy to be out of my script, 
Tell me why you think I'm different again 
Taken for granted and then we'll be missed. 
Taken for granted later will be missed. 
 
I can feel the changes. 
I can feel the same. People'Round me now. They thinkin', I'm famous 
My savior saved me. My city made me 
And. Put me on stages. 
To me: that's amazing, 
To! You! That'S outrageous hate this 
But, please shutup. Let me say this: 
 
I am a sinner who's, probably gon na sin again 
Lord. Forgive me, Lord. Forgive me 
Things, I don't understand 
Sometimes. I need to be alone, 
Please, don't kill my vibe, please don't kill. My vibe 
I can feel your energy from three planets away. 
I got my Word. I got my music 
I would share it, but today I'm singin' 
Please, don't kill my vibe. Please don't kill my vibe 
Please, don't kill my vibe. Please don't kill my vibe 
 
I'm tryna to stay on the path and not look on back to what we once was 
You tryna churn into somethin' 
Tip on that malt to get you that uuz 
Feelin', the rapture 
We live in a world. We live in a world, 
That wants to laugh at ya, 
We live in a world. 
I could be honest. I know they don't hear us. 
They carousel life continues. Propellin' us 
Forward. They just wan na put us on the auction block, but there's no way they
sellin' us 
Worth more than minimum wage 
Forever. You could relate 
Any, subliminal 
Back. In my criminal days I would stil live in a way. 
That was reciprocal. This was nothin'. I could change 
So. The Messiah was slain 
Wow. What a miracle 
Opened the door to be saved. 
Jesus opened the door for all of us to be saved. 
 
They, like this 
Been a long time can't you see the Lord smiling 
They waitin' on heart. The tank is all empty 
Xs. In the air - and they do it by instinct 
Hide, your children hide your children. 
We are not better than you 
Please, don't put any of these rappers on a pedastal. 
Please, don't kill my vibe. Please don't kill my vibe 
We. Don'T wan na hear anymore of your lies. 
My New Year's resolution is the Kings Dream movement 
Shut your whole thing down. Don'T you question what I'm doing? 
Please don't kill my vibe. Please don't kill my vibe 
Please, don't kill my vibe. Please don't kill my vibe
 
