Poetry's Back Lyrics
by Rumor.


The day I go shun rap be the day wanlov go turn born again.
Or the day he'll go on TV and act porn again.
Who dey rap more than him.
That kid Ru them dey try kill his Vibe like Live FM.
I kid u not, I think you nuts to.
think you can discourage me.
Know that my dream is bigger than any words of discouragement.
I told u I get level like I dey vas.
And the ladies say I, Be fresher pass level hundred student.
Non fa rap be what dey pap for this country but it shouldn't be the case.

They said don't be in haste rumor chill u go make am I said no no.
The success no dey come anymore than it has so I for go go.
And take am by storm and reign.
Well ain't that about a female dog.
Dawg, I've been in this game for long really.
As far as back as when I used to take out my Pee Pee.
And tell my mom; Momma I want to wee wee.
Seemingly you're here to see me.
Sitting in the stance, probably no dey understand.
What I'm saying, but you'll still clap your hands anyway.
And walk up to me when I'm done and say; Ru I'm a Fan.
And that's what keeps me going.
That's what keeps me sowing these seeds.
My harvest will be greater indeed.
See, I do this thing cos I could bust.
When I get behind these bars.
There's no escape from Alcatraz, I.
could trust nobody.
Them say I no go make am but they'll be so sorry dem no sabi.
I'll do it with or with no deal.
Till I run out of bars like Scofield.
I know no chill.
Yeah, bear witness and go tell.
Them about Ru say like Wills Uncle you Phil him.
They thought I'd fail but I'm doing it so well.
Now they checking me out like I'm leaving the hotel.
Well, imagine this beat had feelings and parents so as I kill em.
It's apparent they'd have to bury em.
But first carry em in a hearse.
I imagine it must hurt.
Open casket in the church.
Look the dead in the face.
You're mad and you're irked.
And it's bringing out your worse.
Its a wound that can't be nursed.
But you're hoping to find closure as you put 'em in the earth.
And the cops are on the search.

Who only cares bout how he flows and is obsessed with how he surfs.
There's a Yin and there's a Yang so with the gift comes a curse.
I am perfectly human but an animal in my works.
I'm hoping you're getting the picture I'm painting.
There's no need for the phobia.
What happened here is just a Prosopopoeia.
Soak it in, soak it in.
Reality's harsh dreams seem Utopian.
Whatever.

23 without a cover to my name.
And yet I made a name off slaying covers.
My come up in the game's been rough.
I mean who would have predicted.
A Siano boy with this much lyrics even existed.
It's mad vivid, he's gifted.
The reason that the smiles gone off wack rappers lips on every song he's.
allowed on.
Mr. Write on a foul song.
In Twi, Pidgen, English, not an L or R is pronounced wrong.
Get it? Kick it, sick and, need a, medic.
Me kura that raw hardcore that will feed a fetish.
Sɛ mic yɛ table na beat yɛ plate aa.
ɛkyerɛ sɛ, that your, favorite rapper ɔyɛ dinner.
Set it off, You don't want it with a god.
Yeah dem dey but I'm a knight, I kill dragons with a sword.
No, sorry, I kill dragons with my tongue.
Cos if they spit fire, I kill em when I drag em on a song.
I'm a higher power, with firepower.
So high I tower in the game.
The flow's in flames, come get a fire shower.
I know say you admire how I.
Connect the dots, let the nouns sit with the verbs, in my fire hour.
Whana bɛba? Chale no other cats better.
Me nbɔ shows but still I no dey lack cheddar.
Me? dumb down the bars? Never.
Victoria Hammah on a tape, tell the president, send a sack letter.
Hwɛ wo nyɛ me size bɛɛma.
King author, abi you see the kingdoms that I write, bɛɛma.
You niggas know that we rap.
King Ru and King Cue brought Poetry Back.

