Pour tha Martini Lyrics
by Wu Block.

“Fourth quarter time…” 
 
Clarks is lighty. Scuffed need a new pair 
Jacob Javits Center Wu and Snoop. There 
D-Block pull up olive green drops, 
The interior suede cuz, that's boss, crock 
Air, fresheners, hang! The joint is sold out 
To capacity, this young bitch keep asking me 
“Can. I suck your dick ” “Not now shorty” 
“Maybe after the show just hold fast for me” 
Ferocious bangles birds on both arms 
I'm jew-eled out, like a box of Lucky Charms, 
On stage, two treadmills, a pull-up bar 
Involved with the lights to give it that red feel 
Feeling, like Bruce Wayne, making up for never making the prom 
Ma you chilling The belt glow in the dark 
Where. My aunt stays batteries gone 
That's. When I pull a forty out for Ason 
 
Wu-Block, I'm from a gun play habitat 
Let me run into Nicki. I'M smashing that 
What, you know about the ratchet in your mother: mouth 
Killah banging the neck with two rubbers out: 
 
Interlude Sheek Louch, 
 
Shout out to Ason 
Aiyo Ghost I'm going in family 
Feel me, son, 
, 
Sheek and Ghost Deini aiyo Cap pour that bitch A martini 
Loosen, her up fuck it pour Goose in her cup 
Tell her chill cuz. The Gods is here 
Big money in this place. I'M balling when I'm leaving out of Chase 
Red diamonds on a Freddy Kruger face 
I, don't get pat down. You know. What'S on the waist, 
I don't mean jazz. When I say I count base 
Fly Louis sneakers, Purple Tape. Coming out the speakers 
Bumped into my high school teachers. 
They said I wouldn't be nothing sitting on the bleachers 
Now, I'm sitting in the Phantom trynna figure out. The features 
I'm a big fish. Now I watch for the leeches 
 
Aiyo. I jump on stage with my dick in my hand, 
I'm a Park Hill nigga straight from Shaolin 
New York is the borough where I pump my rocks at 
Bitch, ass niggas, where I dump my Glocks at 
I. Don'T have to get dip, I'm known and flossy 
I'm known everywhere, like Remedy Rossy, 
Never, say shit, I'm hard and cocky 
Too hot for these tracks, wash this summer 
Go hard for the hood from Allentown to Sumner 
Yeah nigga. What I'm just one of us, 
For all my jail niggas that feel wondrous, 
Fuck, a fat bitch with a thunder butt, 
Mad groupie love too caliente 
Mahogany polly with Sin: Jay 
My, nigga, Ghost Rider King Sheek, Louch 
I'm in the fly spotlight with that Papoose .
 
