Prisoner Lyrics
by Voli.

Blurb:.
The day to day struggles we experience can either imprison us or make a.
stronger. We all try to disregard that reality, whether its through material.
things or just accepting it as a necessary evil. This one's for the forsaken..
Stand up for me one time.
Lyrics.
Prisoner by Voli.

Stand up for me one time.

Suburbs to the city.

Hands up for me two times.

Now can ya holla back to me.

Stand up for me one time.

Suburbs to the city.

Hands up for me two times.

I'm a prisoner, Ima Ima prisoner, homie.

Time to eat, no waitin' I'm a Sizzler, homie.

Quarter-life crisis, man you can ask about me.

Now I know I got the gift, they can't rap  without me.

I'm sorry, boy I'm sorry.

Uncle Sam, I been a bad boy, Mike Lowery.

Do I declare my checks or declare my independence.

I can feel my future disappearin' with my pension.

Bonsoir, ciao to the days of the undergrad.

Underage drinkin', gettin trees like a lumberjack.

80, 000 dollars and you claim you outta college.

But those loans got you livin' offa PBJ and Ramen.

Mmmm, gas high, can't afford the octane.

No more Thirsty Thursdays, only Furlough Fridays.

Government is shuttin' down, I'm thinkin'.

Yah, and now these bars are comin' out.

Uh, so stand up for me one time.

Suburbs to the city.

Hands up for me two times.

Now can you holla back to me.

I'ma prisoner, Ima Ima prisoner, homie.

Yet these bars set me free like I'm a criminal, homie.

Slaves to the whips, addicted to the clothes and the money.

Can I change like a roll full of pennies?

We live in that facebook, man it's all about the status.

You'll have these women dribblin' if you're ballin like the Mavericks.

Ugh, it's the media, blame it on the media.

Nah, blame these stupid muthafuckas for believin' them.

U.S. defecit got me trippin', I took the scenic route.

Wall Street is doin' colonics, now watch ‘em clean us out.

Stay afloat, that credit got me drownin' , get my scuba gear.

I stay collectin' unemployment like a souvenir.

I got ‘em chantin, but I don't got the Anthem.

Prayin' to that Blue Cross, Momma got the cancer.

Now her body shuttin down, she singin.

Yah but now these bars are comin out.

Visions of lightning, Riding the storm.

A prisoner of war, don't know for how long.

Is there retribution? Is there nothing more?

Except for these bars, these bars, Ohh-ohh-ohh.

Uh I'm a prisoner, prisoner to this industry, homie.

Raise that middle class finger, do it visibly, homie.

The game is like that strip club, they say I need singles.

I gotta get my chips up, they say I need Pringles.

Now it's do or die, doin' this for you and I.

Do it for the teenagers out there committin suicide.

Do it for the out of work father, you are my brother now.

Yah, and now these bars are comin out.

