Produkt Lyrics
by Quanche.


Gomez 
 
This is Gotham after they shot Batman and stabbed Robin 
I mean it's dangerous. I'M just a product 
I'm, just a product, I'm just a product 
I mean it's dangerous. I'M just a product. 
 
I'm outside southside Vaughan, Road, 
Thirsty, bitches, mouth-wide, dumb hoes 
She just want a drink. I just want something pink 
And that was just a fire-cracker officer that rang out 
Because everybody that I bick it wit' is flamed out 
And, that gang headquarters that you told the reporters was here is really just
a. Church group, hangout, 
Praise God RIP bubbs 
When. They say real am I who you think of 
I know a few girls that are down to fuck girls. So now it's about. Where can we
all link up 
And, I be with my boys: gettin' paid 
Smokin' on a noise complaint. 
Talkin''Bout ERR ERR, EE, AH EARLY, but meanwhile we always out late 
Never change. Even on my heyday gun range'round. Here, that's a lane way: 
Never change, even on my heyday gun range'round. Here, that's a lane way 
And! I don't know what planet I'm on or if I'm coming or going or who's writing
the song 
But, where I'm from we keep it. Five hunanana 
The VRS, peel panties like bananana 
This, is what you call an anomaly 
Cause. I took it from a hot bowl of hominy 
To, seeing this shit work economically 
And. All the love is just what the hate promised me. 
The sky is gone. There is no limit. This world is post-apocalyptic, 
 
This is Gotham after they shot Batman and stabbed Robin 
I mean it's dangerous. I'M just a product 
I'm, just a product, I'm just a product 
I mean it's dangerous, I'm just a product, 
X2 
 
They only hate cause. They don't know that taste in your mouth, when you go
broke 
And the Crown still in court, bringing up photos. Your folks can't make rent
you, don't know those 
Not a pretty sight real big city life 
Not, a play-play thing, how you think Fischer Price 
Got a best friend in the federals. I got ta write another one, God-willing in
paradise 
So, it's all day, all day in the night. At the moon we howling 
As a youngin' on the block. 
