Prologue Lyrics
by Bodi.


I'M getting older and I hate it, 
Life's a game and I've already played it. 
And I've debated throwing in the towel 
To a fate already written to a reaper on the prowl, but 
I can't close. My eyelids 
Without faces that allowed me to write this 
Looking back with a smile and a nod 
And the silhouettes of you, my reminders of God. 
And, no question the reflection. I see's 
Made up of you, there's no me 
Without a history of loss and sacrifice 
Met with a strength that defies any afterlife 
And, that's running through my veins 
One day. I will be the same 
Fade as a piece of the puzzle. 
Until then smile in the beautiful struggle… 
 
When, I was little. I would die to grow up 
Now here we are and I'm begging it to slow up 
Watch dreams and reality collide 
Spend time, picking up the pieces of this sky 
Try to reconcile what I become 
With. What I hoped I'd be when the journey begun 
And know. I'M passing through not lasting to forever true 
To find a way to happiness. It'S better late than never. You 
Don't know what you got. Til it's gone, 
Sometimes miss right! Til! You meet wrong 
But. I can read the past in my palm 
And, find solace in the storm before the calm 
Nose to the grindstone. Until I've grown breathless 
Shoulder to the wheel of diameter, endless 
The fight song rings, the sweet, sound 
So, I'm lifting up my voice with the darkness, falling 
 
Down down down 
I'm, never falling 
I'm, never falling 
Down down down 
 
I'm, still in love with my best Ex-Girlfriend 
Reverends telling how a bloody mess world ends. 
Past loves getting different last names, 
Mapped goals, now a film's black frame, 
Roll the credits but never get to edit out 
The ugly parts, 
And rusted, hearts, 
And stumble starts, 
This struggle sparks 
A, thunderous march, an ending unknown 
Fist to the heavens, sending up a poem 
Grandpa's On his death bed, grandma's fighting tears, 
Hands held recalling all the best of hiding years: 
Dad's hair's, gray, mom's mind's, slipping 
See, each other once or twice a year and time's missing 
And the people that I know become the people that I knew 
Because the feeble life We drew upon the sky is passing through 
Testament to the magic found 
In the pulling of the tide. Til the waves come crashing down, 
 
If that doesn't wind you up, 
The road, isn't long enough! 
And! That'S! What'S running through my veins 
One day. I will be the same: 
 
Cody, just call and told me Mike, died. 
I can hardly see through my watercolor eyes. 
He inspired me since I learned to write 
Until my ink dries. He will always be a guide. 
At 25. Try to cope with the fact 
As. The days pass more, I love ain't coming back, 
That's the come and go and being caught in undertow 
From. The drop into this show to the final slumber so 
It's time to go always sooner than expected, 
There's, not a part that will ever be perfected. 
Still, we march with our hands connected 
Self in the iris of everyone else, reflected 
\- and tested, always 
But. All waves reach the shore 
Return to the source from where we began 
Land on our feet higher. We stand now 
Welcome to the rise and the fall 
And. The journey through the gallows to the hallowed winding halls, 
And all along the story through the darkness, 
The crowning glory and the name on the park bench 
It's a tale of triumphs and trials 
Courage for the fear and tears with the smiles 
And miles to go before. I sleep 
And miles to go before I…sleep 
 
The. One thing I can say about 
The way. The time runs out. 
Not gon na save my thoughts, I'm 
I'm gon na, say them now, 
The things I want to see 
The ones. I care about 
The way. I feel for you 
I'd love, to spell it out 
The memories of every 
One who has led me here. 
The things I carry with me: 
Aren't going anywhere
 
