R.E.S.P.E.C.T. Lyrics
by 4th Avenue Jones.

Ahmad.
Ain't got a pit named Petey Snickareeno.
Ain't got a house out in the hills right next to Chino.
But I  think I got a flow meaner.
Than any rap cat across the sea back to ol' Pasadena.
Hittin' hard as Venus ask Serena.
Can't wait 'til my mom can sport a beemer.
I used to smoke too much weed with Martin Reamer.
The homey told me chronic make your grass greener.
But now I'm cleaner.
Doin' six shows a week and be rockin' 'em all.
Eyes on me like Times Square droppin' the ball.
But y'all don't know me not out for paparazzi and all.
I'm in it to win finish like a jockey and stall.
Without the trophy before I had a plaque on the wall.
I was a young fiend, rap was like a habit to call.
Had a tall vision that's bigger than me sellin' tapes.

Got sick and tired of seein' yellow tape.
The ghetto's hard like when pushin' a bar that's full of metal weight.
So I spread love and celebrate.
Ain't gotta like us, you ain't gotta say nothin' to me, but never hate.

You don't have to say a word to me.
But you will respect us certainly.
You don't have to like the thing we do.
Long as you respect 4th Avenue.

Ahmad.
Tena Jones what's up.

Tena J..
While you bluff fakin' and actin'.
Enough with the verbal attacks I got real skills to make it happen.
Teena J. fresher than Frito Lay.
You don't wanna see me k.o.
Cuss I do buss like your millimeter spray.
Want apologies like I need to say.
When I get wit y'all.
So you should just withdrawal like B of A.
We deliver like Catherine Zeta J.
So you sick sayin' you'll get with my clique.
I like to see the day.
This here ain't nothin' but a thang to me.
Singin' heat with a bangin' beat.
Comin' with something that you can't defeat.
4th Ave and we playin' for keeps.
Forget the critics what they say on the streets.
Is all that matters.
We tryin' to come up.
Climbin' the ladder.
It's more than just worse, I want it badder.
That's why I'm steady puttin' in work, forget the chatter.
Be havin' this song, me and the Avenue Jones, hot as Nevada.

Jabu.
My teacher told me that my best bet.
Was a dub on craps, so bet black on the roulette.
Ironic ain't it, I'm bomb but without the chronic.
Avenue 4th, we form like ionic bond.
The homies know I never go slowly mashin'.
Rip a mic and still pray to God same fashion.
Life's another never-ending story, ask Sebastion.
Wanna know about the music biz, don't know, pass man.
I drop like, move smooth like spotlight.
Follow, skipped amateur ripped Apollo.
Hey now you're an emcee, get the show on, get paid.
Too many days I sat, noticin' they tryin' to hold us back.
We like the legend at the bottom, small but on the map.
I bustin' third but still I ain't good to relay.
I'm lookin' for Ram so he can teach me how to deejay.
Like  I'm only doin' what the spirit say.
I know you fear it, but hear it in every lyric hey.
So now, I've been nomadic since three.
I voted Democrat and you don't gotta like me.

