Racks (Remix) Lyrics
by Yung Chris.

Produced by Sonny Digital 
, 
Racks on racks on racks, 
 
Got campaign going so strong, 
Getting brain when I'm talking on the phone 
Spending money when you're runnin' this long 
Real street nigga ain't, no clone 
We at the top, where we belong. 
Got lean rosé Patron 
Smokin' on 1000 dollars worth of strong 
Well the club'bout to hear this song 
We got racks on racks on racks, 
Got racks, on racks, on racks 
Racks, on racks, on racks 
Racks, on racks, on racks 
Ain't, even tryna hold back 
 
Got campaign Going so strong, 
Gettin' brain when I'm talkin' on the phone 
Spendin' money when youre' runnin this long 
Real street nigga ain't, no clone 
We at the top, where we belong. 
Straight lean rosé Patron 
Smokin' on 1,000 dollars of strong 
Were in the club'bout to hear this song. 
 
Still fresh as hell in my Trues 
Iced out, okay, cool 
Strapped up know. I keep that tool. 
That racks on racks, so motherfucking fool 
I'm about to glow me on TV 
Everywhere. You look. You see YC 
Hating-ass niggas. Just wishing they were me, 
YC YC, YC, 
Way too big for my my fucking jeans 
I'm so fly I don't even got wings 
Eyes real low, just blame it on the green 
Girl cut up, got lean on lean 
That shoebox shit over with 
Spend 100 racks won't Notice it 
My bank account commas all over it, 
Racks on racks on racks, 
 
Young. If it's convertible, then how is it a hardtop 
Bitch? I hit one button. My roof open, like a hard spot. 
Make me throw my diamonds up bitch. My life was hard, knock 
Had, so much kush and Ciroc bitch. I think my heart stop 
Every night's a weekend. Every day's, a Friday night, 
You ain't seen nothing yet bitch this. Just my Friday. Ice 
87 brick fare yeah, I'm talking thirty racks 
All I sold is hundos where the fuck, my twenties at 
, 
Racks on racks off, see that blonde strip. When my hat's off 
Lookin' at my Rollie ,'bout thirty grand what that cost 
Smoke like I'm in Cali fuck takin' flight, I blast off 
Niggas talkin' tattooes. We should have a tat-off 
Got racks on racks on racks naps on naps on naps, 
Just made a mill count. Another mill so put that, on top of that 
Way back in 2004, I told ‘em it was a wrap 
Now. My life ain't, my life, no more, I told you niggas a wrap, 
You claim you a dog, my nigga, I'm the vet. 
We can't even talk ‘less. You got the check, 
I, guess! That'S why all of these niggas get bent. 
They said: fuck a young nigga fuck, a young nigga 
I know it's some girls in the crowd right who wan na fuck a young nigga
 
I roll one and roll another one bigger 
Niggas! Thinkin' they sick. Well, I'm sicker 
Right, I'm smoke my weed and I'm a drink. My liquor 
Better make sure you fuck your girl right ‘fore. I dick her down. 
 
, Waka Flocka Flame 
I got racks on top of racks stacks on top of stacks 
Bands. On top of bands got me fuckin' her and her friends. 
Backwoods don't do papers. That was just for my haters 
Clap two times. If you drunk 
Got a bad bitch from the U.K 
She, do everything I say: 
Go crazy. When she hear music 
She got Grove St. on replay, 
Got racks, you don't understand 
Money long from here to Japan, 
Know it good when she go no hands 
Girl. You got me in a trance 
 
 Cyhi Da Prynce 
Got racks on racks on racks, y'all rap. So wack on wax 
Purple by the pound. That'S that Flacco haaaa 
I make big plays. I got big chips. 
Blew money like six Crips 
Switch gears like stick shifts 
Fresh as hell. I'M Big Gipp 
We buy cars. Y'All flip whips, 
Catch us smokin' that Quik Trip 
Pitch piff. That'S a handspring 
I like to call that a quick flip 
Pull triggers like hamstrings 
Boy, I'm doin', my damn thing: 
Been blood with them bricks, pimp 
Get off a key like. I can't sing 
Got the seven on me, like Vick jersey, 
Ridin' round, and this bitch dirty 
I'm the best hands down 
They. Nicknamed me, 6:30 
And, we Young Dose and YC 
Redan road. That'S my street 
Ask around on the Eastside 
I'm, the S h-i-t 
, 
Bun B. I'M underground king 
In, the candy-painted car on swang 
With, the top on drop and the trunk on pop 
Boy. You can't tell me a damn: thang 
Fifth wheel on the back. Just hang 
Hit corners hit licks hit stains 
With the grill in the front wood wheel in the blunts 
You're on neon lights. In my bank 
Yeah, I rep that P-A-T 
One hundred yeah. That'S me, 
If, you don't recognize. You gon' see 
I'm a straight-up trill OG 
In, a black-on-black-on-black 
Cadillac like a Mack on clacks 
Try to jack, and I will attack 
It's a fact that I ain't givin' up my stacks, like that 
 
Call me Bobby Ray, but it's not two names 
Flyin' through the City all-black Bruce Wayne 
No not bombs over Baghdad 
But on the track. You can call me Usain 
That's why they nervous hmmm like I'm flying on the plane with a turban
 
But. I'M fly y'all just turbulence exit row, emergency 
As, a kid I was struck by lightning. It'S no wonder: I'm electrifying 
Fuck a brainstorm I'll fuck around and cause a power outage 
And. It ain't, no rivals if it was it'd, be no survivors. 
Just gim me a hour I'll light it up like an Eiffel Tower: 
 
Got bales on top of bales 
scales. On top of scales 
I'm, Mr. All White got yay on
top of yay 
Got pills. All on my phone. These niggas know I'm wrong 
Said fifty for a song and they won't leave me alone. 
 Got ta front me a brick that ain't nothin' to you 
Just ran through a ticket that ain't nothing to do 
Yeah. I love these streets like I love the booth, 
Mr. Cocaine Muzik, I'm 100
proof 
Got white on white on white ice on ice on ice 
And. When I'm in the club, it look like lights on lights, on lights, 
, 
Racks, on racks, on racks, I'm tryna smash and not call back 
My name Wale, you so silly wet. My willie might call you a cab 
Yeah riding around with that reefer scent 
Riding around with Ms. Reece and them 
When, I'm in the groove. I can freak a tune 
I'm smoother than alopecia skin 
I shows out like dope when I put that flow down 
Like soap, when I put my clothes on I'm joking, but I be foamed out 
And. All she want is more bags, but all I want is more 1s 
I told her bring that money back like all them. Racks is Nordstrom's. 
 
The tracks on snack off raps, see stacks from back of my slacks 
From X to the max in the Ac. If I ain't strapped, then the gat's on scat
 
Then, he black on em, like Tae-Bo 
then, he clap on ‘em, like bravo 
Throw sacks on ‘em, like y'all hoes, got racks on em like Tahoes 
Young Money, Cash Money, so strong, keep scorin' I'ma bring it
on home 
Those Xans and the lean cause zones somethin' tan, with a mean jawbone 
Worldwide, but I got fourth ways: one hat: carry like four blades 
Petey Pop Off RIP. Free Lou been lootin' money since, like fourth grade
 
I'm the shit nowadays, so they wave no whips no chains. I'M a slave 
Let, you niggas know Milita my gang MCN. If you was thinkin', it's a game. 
See me with the twin buck, a shimmy with the gauge 
Wasn't bustin' Jimmy I'd, be busy gettin' paid 
Goin' for the grips every day'til. The grave 
I be worried about the chips you be worried about. The lays 
 
Got Activist in my Sprite 
Benjamins in my Robins 
Frank Muller wit' flooded ice, but I still got my breitling 
In. The fast lane gettin' slow brain in a 2012 Maserati 
I'm kickin' pimpin', like Liu Kang, my coupe smokin', like Friday, 
Puffin' on that garlic cigar
full of Marley 
Inked up on my hands and arms, got them jams in my pocket. 
Shout out to Sha Money signed me in a hurry. 
Daddy was a kingpin, a couple milli buried 
Nigga you ain't talkin', nothin', all in Flight Club, stuntin', 
These exclusive 7s pay 400 for the Jordans 
No. You can't afford ‘em sharper than a swordsman 
Racks on racks. Our campaign strong and YC, like my brother, 
 
Catch me in the city with the trunk on crack 
Top, dropped down black on black 
Fistful of wood twisted for the good 
Check. My bank account got racks on racks. 
Look around fool got a wall full of plaques, 
Platinum and gold. You gots to love that 
Posted up just like a thumbtack, 
Better hide ya. Ho ,'cause. She bound to get snatched 
H-Town Texas to ATL 
She got a fat ass. She prolly know me well 
Keep it on the low, never kiss and tell 
True player Cory Mo cold as hell 
Shows to do got record to sell 
Got a whole lotta BMI checks in the mail 
If ballin' was a crime, I'd be in jail, 
Locked up for Double life like “What, the hell, ” 
 
Yeah, they call me Country, Grammar 
My brother out, the slammer 
I'm crimson color painted 
You can call that Alabama 
I'm, not from Alabama 
But check out how I roll tide 
He might have the same whip 
But check out how I roll mine, 
Y'all niggas ain't, no stars 
Y'all only in it for the cars 
The sky is your limit. Mayne 
And mine, somewhere bout, Mars 
I ride with them boys in the middle of the map, 
St. Louis Detroit, Chi-town 
Nap 
Down through the Dirty back up through the trap. 
But the money, don't stack, man, money, overlap, 
Yeah, y'all, better watch it mayne right. Here we lock and load 
Two things is for certain mayne and one thing is fa: sho' 
Got, a house on hundred acres 
I've, never seen my neighbors 
A chick in ATL and from Buckhead to Decatur 
Now y'all. Better leave me alone got license for my chrome 
Police. On your mama phone talking bout, your baby gone 
Tell, the truth. I ain't gon' lie. I got so many rides. 
Don'T know which one I'ma drive fuck it I'm just gone, fly 
 
Everybody, wan na hate, because I'm on 
Blowing, head back bottles by the zone, 
Twista finna get up on the track; 
And spit it the way I do simp-a-ly because I like this song 
When. I step up out the Maserati car 
 Got ta, pull it pull it, pull it, pull it from the jar 
Then I blow I'ma close out the par 
Wit' some killers and everybody know who we are 
Get Money Gang stepping through the door, Chi-cago cago, cago, 
Anybody, Wan na get into it come on 
And. Do it for security. We gon' make a pit a flow 
Might as well. Get it off yo' chest. 
While everybody got ammunition on deck, 
I, don't see them T-Dum-Izzle as a threat 
Cause. I got racks on racks on racks. 
Oh Twista, I see your future finna shoot ya. 
I salute you. If you could get at the general in military, 
Racks and racks and tracks and stacks and gats 
I could destroy an entire village. When I kill and bury 
‘Cause. I manipulate your molecular structure. 
Other words fill ‘em up wit' holes. 
If. You try to give it to me at the door. 
I just thought I had to let you know. 
 
I got single bitches tryin' married bitches, lyin' 
I, take ‘em to the crib and leave our future in a condom. 
I, wake up fresher than these motherfuckers, as is 
Look inside my closet, 
That shit. Look like it's Raks, Fifth 
Man! That'S racks on racks on racks, on top of packs, on top of pounds, 
My chains is pow on pow on pow 
I'm off them trees. No, I ain't no owl 
I'm at the altar sayin'. My vows to this Benjamin Franklin, pile 
You, buy her a house. I won't buy her. A vowel. 
You fell in love and I fell in her mouth 
Then called her Dickface. She call the connect. 
You call her collect, I call to collect no need for a pet 
If. I throw this paper. Your bitch gon' fetch 
Do, it B-i-g 
And Detroit gon na be aight. As long as we got me, 
 
 Trae, The Truth 
I'm in the hood. If you wonder where I'm at 
In the back of a Chevy, that's all black 
Racks on racks, I don't know how to act. 
Track and field with the birds I'm running em like track 
Free throws of money. Bet you can't block 
King of the club. I bet you
can't top 
Bitch niggas hate the fact I get guap 
Or the fact. When the money go up, it won't stop. 
I'M in the club, tryna show ‘em how to stunt 
Tryna pick up what I'm throwing it. Prolly take em bout. A month, 
The club underwater have em running out the front 
While, I'm somewhere in the back. Getting blowed like a blunt 
No need to trip. You can tell em that I'm cool as hell 
‘Cause, that's the case, I'm known to pack a tool as well 
I'm, a blood motherfucker, nothing new to tell 
Got Vogues, underneath the old-school as well. 
I got lights on my wrist that'll flash like cop 
Couple of foreign cars that I ride, no top 
Couple of wet whips that I ride. Like yachts, 
A couple of haters, looking I'm knowing them niggas hot 
And tell ‘em that I don't give a damn 
Hard. As a motherfucker tell em, I was HAM, 
Call it. What you want I'ma do it for the fam 
Yeah, that's the type of nigga that I am 
 
Okay, I'm back off into this bitch 
With a cup and it's full of that liq 
Got, racks ain't, talking, tits, 
Big, stacks, no Lego, bricks, 
Hit a trick and Fiending nigga got it 
I keep that hottie. Just look at her body, 
Blew twenty bands in that King of Diamonds 
Sorry, that's just part of my hobby 
And. I hear em feeling my Florida swagger 
So dope shit. I sold y'all copies 
That ice, be onto my neck and wrist 
Mow. Anybody wan na play some hockey 
I'm that nigga in fact, paper tall as Shaq, 
Blood, Sweat and Tears it'll be on your local Walmart rack soon, 
 
