Rain Drops Lyrics
by 40 Cal.


Cause day after day, I spend locked up in my room.
I know to you, it might sound strange.
But I wish it would rain.
I wish it would rain.

Freh, 40, let it rain, let it rain.

What you know about wet money.
Getting money all wet.
Its like my watch looking drenched with flooded with baguette.
Freh, dipset, skin.

Look it was a hot steamy night, baking in the summer.
Praying that it rained, then came the thunder.
D's on patrol, they waiting for the hustlers.
No money coming, and the agents under cover.
Cuz whenever it rained, we got hard cane to flip.
So when the feds came, make it hard to take flicks.
I used to pitch in Colombian rain coat.
Now I'm gettin hit with Colombian king coke.
Now the block flooding, no wonder we ain't broke.
And we can't stop the rain, not.
even a plain pose.
Not a game goes , it started to thunder.
Get lightning independent, what umbrella you under?
Shit, I know lighting don't strike in the same spot.
But that's twice he got knocked and getting shot.
On the same block the chedda and he came throwed up in the club singing let.
it rain.
And it ain't a thing.

Interlude: The Temptations.

Rain, aww let it rain.
Rain, rain, rain.
Ooooooooo.
Let it rain, aww let it rain.
Rain, rain, rain.
Ooooooooo.

Let it rain, rainy days i sit back.
Dreaming of getting big stacks like jersey city.
You see me, where the bricks at?
Shit, why you think a nigga wristrap?
All these diamonds flood my bezzle, like lightning hit that.
My brains are stormed, raining on, Im like Genghis Khan.
I made a song that most hated on.
That's why my paper long, like toilet tissue rolls,.
Why you love me long time, like oriental hoes?
Fucking with Jim Jones, boiling with the pros.
Still wet the block up like bordering the holes.
Writing that I do, has my eyes looking like sky blue.
So saying that you betta, mean that lightning will strike you.
Make it rain 40 days and  40 nights.
Get under my umbrella cuz that fella 40 nights.
That jealous of the ice cuz they diamonds looking cloudy.
Black clouds on their head, got em feeling lousy.

Rain, aww let it rain.
Rain, rain, rain.
Ooooooooo.
Let it rain, aww let it rain.
Rain, rain, rain.
Ooooooooo.

