Rap Parables Lyrics
by Xavier.


Check it out 
This is like the time I choked at that rap battle. 
Rap Parables 
I got the crowd sayin Damn X. I thought you was a rapper 
And. I was like Me too nigga. I thought I's a rapper 
And. I keep shit in my head.. No balls to say it to the face: 
I talk to backs like I'm the coach and I'm rapping like I'm approaching a deal
that. I stay focused to reach 
Hungry chasing after this bread. There'S nothing else. I can eat 
And. No one else really sees or knows 
That. This music shit's a drug to my soul, 
This life's a scam that we all fail to unfold 
That's. Why I'll never give in 
I'll never give in? Even if they say I got ta get in to make it 
And. The beauty in life is that we all make mistakes 
But. That is one I'd never make. So if you see me in a year 
Don't, you forget just who I is and everything about me: 
Fuck, those niggas who ever doubted me 
Word up 
, 
But y'all, keep talking that shit. Nigga 
But y'all, keep talking that shit. 
But y'all keep talking that shit. Nigga 
But y'all keep talking that shit, 
Rap Parables to the soul, 
I'm speaking shit, that's never told 
But y'all keep talking that shit. Nigga 
But y'all keep talking that shit, 
 
New chapter now in my life, without any old characters, 
Rap Parables, 
It ain't God sent, and I ain't processed all this nonsense that I've been
hearing 
So. I pray and go ask God if he can make a clearing 
Or bring me back to where I was before. I was guilty for all the rights I
wronged 
And. I was 15 when I became a man.. That'S when it all began. 
I had some chicks saying: Damn X, you are the fucking best 
 ..., and if I got what you need then drop on those knees and suck on this d- 
I mean pardon me. It'S just that. Quite honestly, I never had too much pussy then
getting thrown up at me. 
My friends say it's like life, so how come I'd never take it. Nigga 
The virgin in me was afraid. Nigga., I was afraid to grow old at a young. Age
Nigga 
I was afraid. If I did, it was cause me some type of strife 
And. If I hit with no commit that might just fuck up my life. Right, 
 
Rap Parables to the soul, yeah 
I'm speaking shit. That'S never told 
But y'all keep talking that shit. Nigga 
But y'all keep talking that shit. 
But y'all keep talking that shit, nigga 
And Imma cut y'all off
 
