Rappin' Raps Vol. 2 Lyrics
by Zoltan Nebula.

Awhhh yeah.
Guess who's back?? You know it's the man again.
Skinny as fuck, ohhhh I'm still standin' thin.
Yeah you know my good ol' shenanigans.
Catch me at your local mall dry humping mannequins.

I'm leavin' cum on motel mattresses.
That's where you'll find your chick shackled in.
She wants to get freaky, I just wanna snack some chips.
So after this I'll smack her tits and then snatch her tips.

My cum is priceless, don't slam it quick.
You better relish and cherish it, then capture it.
My songs are like my food, you ain't gonna handle it.
Writing these damn manuscripts when the candle's lit.

I've got these P.C. people steady panicking.
Cause my rhymes are fucking up more kids than the Vatican.
They're so fat that you'll have to take Lovastatin.
More damagin' than Africans with some Javelins.

They could be smooth like some mandolins.
Or rude with no lube like Dude just ram it in.
Smashin' lips with my magic fist.
Goin' so deep, you won't ever be havin' kids.

Make your pussy look like a damn gasping fish.
So loose that you could shove a cactus in.
That's a whole lot of pricks, I hope you're passionate.
Cause one things for sure, your walls won't come crashing in.

My fashion isn't flashy like an Ambulance.
But I'm still fly enough to suck Aladins dick.
Don't laugh at it, you're probably trying to straddle it.
So I guess I'm coming after you like the Jacobin.

Call me a fag and I'll shrug it off rather quick.
I'm straight but I know how to boast in my faggotness.
I'm jackin' it to a girl named Jacqueline.
I'm cacklin' like a Jackal on the hunt, practicing.

So who's the fag now?? Cause you just imagined it!!
Don't deny it, your lying is so counterfeit.

You better go home and make me some sandwiches.
Feelin' like I'm At the beach with my dick in the sand, which is.
Fuckin' crabby and hurtin' but I'll master this.
I fuckin' love it though, cause I'm a masochist.

Sometimes I just spit the whackest shit.
You can't change it don't cast your ballets in.
You couldn't correct me with a damn asterisk.
Until then I'll stick with corny scumbaggishness.

I'm the averagest, something I'm baskin' in.
But even though my word is bond I won't cash it in.
Cause the fact is I'm really not stackin' ships.
Cheques bouncing more than raving Slovakians.

That was cheesy, so let's get back up in.
This beat and let you know man, what the hell's been happenin'.
Slappin' kids so hard their mom's staggerin'.
I'm bringin' that chemical warfare like The Alchemist.

I'm the main protagonist and an anarchist.
You're just a fascist, nationalist activist.
You say I'm weak, but you know I'm a pacifist.
I'll deck your grandmas kids, man, then pass a fist.

To your mouth cause I'm such a philanthropist.
And you're the adequate candidate for this catalyst.
I won't make it big cause I'm just not ravenous.
I don't care about success, I'm not a pragmatist.

Fuck the girls claiming they're the baddest bitch.
I wanna leave 'em lookin' like some damn radishes.
But I'm not a pimp, never gonna practice it.
Besides it's hard enough being nothing but gash and zits.

She said she wants to fuck but I said don't count on it.
Put your rabbit back in your hat cause I'm not down with tricks.

