Ratatat Lyrics
by Voli.


Hey Ratatat, bass like a demon, no brake lights, no need dem, me drums.
Go Ratatat, liquor elixir, This gasoline make sure me lungs.
Go Ratatat, ayiyiyah, Ratatat.
Ayiyiyah Ratatat.
Ayiyiyah, Ratatat.

See I'm so high but I don't smoke weed.
Don't do lines but I wrote this speech.
I tell em I rule the world, they just don't know it.
You suck at life, so I guess you gonn blow it.
Not me tho, No middle America, rise to the top like I'm mixed wit some.
leavener.
Got it like Nas, it was written, novella shit, how can I plot if I live wit no.
character?
Highway, I'm cruising from CT to NY, FDR to Houston or Howston, confusing.
Long as I pronounce the shit out of my music, I get my exposure, my mentale is.
nudist.
And oooh, come and sample this exotic, darlin, ooh.
Ya know there's something different ‘bout him darlin, oohh.
Nobody gave two shits about him.
Watch as he's slowly surrounded by all of these labels like I'm up in Staples.
Guess who gonn be shopping, now, uh oh, hey.

Uh uh uh uh uh uh uh-oh, hey.
Uh uh uh uh uh uh uh-oh, hey.
Uh uh uh uh uh uh uh-oh, hey.
Marz Ferrer:.
Your Eyes shut wide.
With your twisted views of what's right.
Your Ears tuned in.
Yet when I speak I'm muted.
The kings and queens will know my name.
And Countless stars will shine for me.
And I will rise above your reign.
I'm crushing shores like a tidal wave.
So, baby, better give me some room.
Before your pedestal you're on becomes my footstool.

Hello hello hello hello this that arena, that hundred thousand seater.
Tell the crowd, “put up your fingers, come get swallowed by the speakers”.
From my city to your city, I go Andre.
You fuckers takin shots like paparazzi, I go Kanye.
And baby, oooh, this feelin I'm feelin you're feelin, these white girls are.
blackin out.
Black girls are moshin out.
New Martin Luther, I bring ‘em together, they get off on Voli, Nouveau.
KamaSutra.
And shout to Rick Rubin, he down with the music, no cosign is needed but,.
shit, I could use it.
My wallet is useless, car barely moving.
Camry is slow, in my mind, it's a supra.
My killa cam, killa cam.
Brokey broke, ridin that killa cam, killa cam.
Ratatat tat, revenge of the nerd, how you mad about that?
Now the prom queen want it, get her outta dat dress.
Wit her cheerleader body, got her pom-poms sweaty, this nerd throw deeper than.
a quarterback jock, uh uh uh uh oh.
Hey, baby you next huh.
Lemme taste your sweat huh.
On that east indie, huh.
Wanna see you geek wit me.
Uh uh uh oh.
Ratatat.
Ayiyiyah Ratatat.
Ayiyiyah, Ratatat.
Ayiyiyah Ratatat.

