Reach Me Lyrics
by XEL.


You see this winter cold has got me freezing within my soul.
There's nothing out there to warm me up, they leaving him in the snow.
Try teaching em if you're bold, no reason for them know.
Frequencies getting low, knowing that we in a scripted show.
So... play your part whether it's day or dark.
No traffic on the sociopath on which they embark.
Nothing of what they saying smart.
Suffering but I'm staying sharp.
Laying parts of the puzzle but it's struggle.
To be above em when I'm portraying art.
Maybe I don't know a thing and I'm just blowing smoke.
No one know that I'm low on hope, slowing, they don't throw him rope.
Steady walking into that winter wind trying to find somebody that's sewing.
coats.
My pain is frozen river so why we always rowing boats?
It's a growing hoax, and the sheep keep believing.
They wondering what happened to me it's a deep seated reason.
I've lost it the flakes have dropped, and I'm in a state of shock.
Cause when I try to fly up in the sky I know them gates are locked.

Here I go again I guess I better run now.
I'm go up in them clouds then I'll never come down.
I don't wanna hear about a home that's peachy.
Leave a message on God's phone to reach me.

I used to write away my pain hoping the right away it'd change.
Having a brighter day was strange cause inside I'd stay the same.
Misunderstand as a poet, but I would play the game.
Moving chess pieces carefully, I tried to say I'm sane.
They knew that I was a lost cause they shushed him he's crazy.
They shouldn't have played me, but they couldn't of saved me.
Rose pedals bringing those devils kushed and so hazy.
But the other stuff I'm doing will have me pushing up daisies.
I look around me and wonder where all the knowledge went.
So hostile and volatile ever dollar spent on them bottles no model.
acknowledgment.
How are you a leader when you follow sins.
How many milligram you swallowing? I'm bawling while I wallow in.
My self pity and depression looking through a smaller lense.
Nobody around me just a room full of them hollow friends.
Well at least that's what I called em then.
Sick of feeling so pitiful, just wish it all would end.

You can wake me up when it's time to go home.
Until then let me sleep cause my mind is so gone.
I don't wanna go away, but I know I need to.
How's it feel to tell the truth and still no one believes you?

I'm feel like this isn't real life it's a game and props.
Stage lights and scripts not even real rain that drops.
Trying to change the thoughts but now my brain is boxed in the painted plots.
I pull the hammer back I'm aiming shots.
The plastic man who try to raise him, that ain't his pops.
Living a lie the prison is my home but yeah I blame the cops.
You are now tuned in to the Truman Show you came to watch.
My pain is it entertaining my life is stained and blotched.
And I'm not trying to be hateful I should be grateful.
For what was right on my table lights on and cable.
Them baby nikes on my feet pacifier and cradle.
I can debate all day long and try to finagle.
Life is fable, didn't the cycle was quite this unstable.
Gimme the mic and I'm able, to tell you how I been sinning mind has been.
spinning like I'm a dradle.
Thinking back to them Raman Noodles, bite marks from mice on the label, rice.
in the ladle, but we survived what was fatal.

Maybe I, I can go crazy high, in this hazy sky.
If you never met me don't bother to say goodbye.
The more you talk about me. understand the more that they know.
I don't have the karma I can't afford a halo.

No I can't afford a halo... that's all I got.

