Real Gangster Lyrics
by Swift Kirabo.


Accumulation of wealth, 
Physical and spiritual health, 
A real chick by my side's, really what I want for myself, 
I'm trying to build an empire to feed my fam and others 
While you, other cats are rhyming raps about shooting each other. 
Nah ain't gon na fall for that crap 
I know. In order to be real, I don't have to be spitting that type of rap 
A real gangster knows it shouldn't be glorified. 
He will want his sons to see what he's witnessed. It'Ll leave'em traumatised 
But. Still a lot of liars claiming they run the streets. No-One respects that 
But still, they presume to lie in their beats, lie about their bitches their
cash and their so called heat 
Funny. How the truth comes out, and it's so-so sweet 
I think that han't got it. 
Always shouting about their MAC-11 9s snipers and shottys 
Talking'bout their bad bitches. Yet it's honies and hotties 
And how many man they've shanked up bust up on bodies, 
 
I, say ya, know I say ya, know 
Only couple man will let the truth flow 
Claim their the realest. I don't feel this 
But. I know in time that the truth will show 
 
I'm from southside Manchester home of the brave 
Where fallen. Soldiers have been murdered and sent to the grave 
It's crazy. How something small can change the way we behave. 
And influence man to not give a fuck and pick up the gauge 
We blame the government for shit and say the systems a trap. 
Then tell the younger who's lost a load 
Ain't the problem, just that ain't tellin' you what to do 
Just looking at this foreview and it's giving more than a clue, 
I'm recollecting, how I witnessed familiarizing this business 
So, I the honest, and that we really lived this 
It'S a shame we can think about what happened to this game. 
People say anything just so: they can reach all the fortune and fame 
 credits of a man who really been through that pain, 
Then force a to be shown up and took outta the game 
Wants to watch Godfather, Kill It Hood and Paid in Full 
Most of These man would never ever put a hole in a skull, 
 
There's more to life than the roads in your area, 
There's more to life than to make someone scared of ya 
Believe me the truth will show 
Harder real G's know they know 
 
