Real As It Gets Lyrics
by Yung Booke.

Produced by Habib.

I'm running with them same young niggas from back in 08.
Ain't tryna let me in, got my foot in the doorway.
They say get em ? but we O Tay.
Kill shit, OJ, now here go a court case.
Gang in this bitch, shit getting heavy.
Freaky in the cut, got their eyes on your necklace.
Pop quiz how I'm coming to check shit.
If you not an uno then it's time to exit.
Flexing, my Rolex gone cut me a quarter.
Diamond clear water, nigga's life getting shorter.
Coming from where the block ?
Go and get the money, nobody gone do it for you.
Her boss ? team, is it true or nah.
Who gone be there when the shots go to popping off.
A little poodle ain't never scared of big dogs.
Want my money colossal, like ?
It's grind the cash, run it fast.
Fuck around get mad hat while the ?
I'm sipping syrup, doing the mail.
Popping Percs, I might take two in the head.
Two minutes, ? on the phone when I'm whipping.
Every clip in this spot be extended.
Ask about me in the street, I'm really in it.
That's as real as it gets.

That's real as it gets, that's real as it gets, that's real as it gets.
That's real as it gets, that's real as it gets.
I lifted my niggas, I hope they won't switch.
That's real as it gets.
Diamonds they cover my neck and my wrist.
That's real as it gets, that's real as it gets.
Fishtail the whip, that's real as it gets.
Hop out and unload a clip, that's real as it gets.
Life is a bitch, that's real as it gets.
That's real as it gets, that's real as it gets.

Two cribs in this one dutch.
Two shots in this one cup.
Smoking good, nigga roll it up.
Tryna match our shit, try your luck.
Stuffed an 8th in my wrap.
Pockets stuffed with them stacks.
Spent it all and made it back.
Smoke an ounce, flick an ash.
Take all my blunts to the face.
Stop wasting time, it's just time to get bank.
Keep em prerolled every day so I'm straight.
Just twisted yours, well my nigga you late.
I'mma smoke this blunt while I roll this blunt.
I'mma fuck this ho while I fuck this slut.
Talking real nigga, been 100.
Eyes red, you can tell I'm blunted.
Know these fuck nigga see I'm stunting.
Fuck niggas mad a nigga stunting.

