Real Late Freestyle 2 Lyrics
by World's Fair.


I'M out, say: Haruo Chiono mixed with Sonny Bono; 
I, take your chick and make her Yoko Ono 
Rockin a kimono worshipin. My photos told me: she been lovin profit 
Had, gorgeous college optic, lips, butt like a night in lusha. When the moon, is
tropic 
Told me. She can't get a man, 
She love AZ. She love the pentagram. 
I said yo baby, I don't give a damn. 
Dreamer is my last name. Tommy is my first 
I rap. I make deals. I worship mother earth 
I do not rhyme, but if I did, my rhyme would be a hearse. 

You would never find another. Like me, livin in this air 
I rise, I never fare in love. I did not stay. 
I kidnapped the vision of Mr. Kennedy's kids, 
I'm chained with a gold chain named it. The all change. 
You came with a name like mine, changing the whole game, 
Word up World Fair. We all here 
We in here. We all here, 
Yea World's Fair. We in here 
We all here, 
 
Yo my eyes, lower than my bucket print 
Tryna, avoid my future turnin grim a while in this world of sin, 
Doin 90's switchin lanes on the van wyck 
Without, a care exhaling from the last hit. 
They wan na know how I'm livin right 
Read between the lines open, yo, mind and see the world through my eyes, 
Weed by the zip extending my high 
Mixed, the hoser ice, a balcony view to get my mind tight 
Back. In the day they tried to play me like a Sega 
Now, all these bitches throwing roses at me. Like I'm Vega 
Shit, I guess I came up from chiefin on the dutch and makin Cali runs 
Just to spend funds like I'm Asian 
Motorola pagers on hips and neighborhood gangsters. 
Had me dreamin at a early age to get this paper 
Now we collectin pay cuts limpin out in London. 
Next stop is Italy. The rest is iceberg. History, 
World's, Fair World's Fair 
Your girl's here, 
 
I did it all for the nookie. What the pussy 
'83 Darryl, Strawberry, rookie 
I also did it for some cookies 
Rob Milanos and toastin sandwiches from the Cubano 
Dominican Bono, with all the shades that I own 
Nothing but Brugal on rocks in my Styrofoam 
Impressin Shorty at the gathering, I'm tryna bone 
Oh, you, Like The Notebook Me too you're not alone, 
Better grab the Andre, yellow cap, the uzzi 
Smoking on the'59, something out of a movie 
Telly by the city, still advertising Jacuzzi 
Whispering, something in Spanish fingering. Her coochy 
Bitches think I ain't Dominican naw for real. I am 
Your juice is on my moustache drop to my timbalands 
I'm rogued out, like JFK 
I'm in yo guts like TSA at JFK, I'm on it 
World's Fair. We all here, 
Your girl's here. We in here 
World's Fair Your girl's here: 
 
The, marvelous, spectacular, spit, miraculous 
Black on black black star boat back to Africa, 
Black women, getting nasty for the black man 

So, get murderous, rob disturbing the set god 
Fall back and get yo motherfuckin set bombed, 
They! Don'T call me Prince John Ill for no reason 
Bang for the cause stay cold, like the season 
Score, like Arenas, whores get to meet the four horsemen 
Me, my two balls and my penis 
And. Just in case I don't blow 
I'mma still glow like J.. Lo, welcome to the dope show 
And, I'm the Marilyn Manson Jim Kelly 
Igor, the Frankenstein Mary Shelley 
The born beast stage: murderer 
Who's, live Original, dun, dada Lion, King Mufasa, 
Bombaclat and holding beats for ransom 
My squad too thick, and I'm just too handsome 
The baby face. Make shorties wan na look up 
Long curvy black hair super fly, snooker 
The, high flyin frog, splash, spitter, 
Red-top E 
