Requiem of a Dream Lyrics
by Zinn.


We all got to have a dream.
Nothing's impossible you just got to build steam.
Stay on your course keep running like a stream.
So even when they scheme we were born to reign supreme.
We all shine like stars in the sky.
But you'll never know how far you reach unless you try.
Our teachers need to teach, our leaders need to lead.
Life is beautiful even when we bleed.

I guess you're never too young to die.
The hollows fly they ask why reaching for the sky.
When so many mother's cry.
Then these mother fuckers wonder why we occupy.
Where we wrestle with the devil settled in the ghettos.
Pedal to the metal either melting pots or kettles.
In our vessels we're rebels only without the medals.
So I'm through with the puppets I'm aiming at Geppetto.
They play our heartstrings; this is a rebel's song.
So many caught up in the game but they play along.
Preying on the weak when they know it's wrong.
Of course we got to stand our ground but we're staying strong.
In a nation petrified and can't face the music.
Killing prophets for profits your auto-tunes are useless.
The politicians got our future's hanging by their nooses.
How am I a nuisance when I know where the truth is?

In the streets they bring heat and I ain't talking Lebron.
So how do you console a mom?
Who just lost a son so they're praying for Trayvon.
After the dawn there's light to carry on.
Silence on the lawn but hope is never gone.
The pressure's on the presses pressing along.
It's depressing how the press can press right into wrong.
On eye open watching the fox and the peacock.
I see BS like cheating ads for Reebok.
There's no church in the jungle where they heat rock.
Up town we're soul survivors like Pete Rock.
Clueless news networks are the arms.
Of big corporations spinning lies out of yarn.
So fast and furious but who was selling arms?
Without heroes the bureaus are causing more harm.

They package candidates like toothpaste and cars.
Politicians talk freedom with millions behind bars.
The lesser of two evils is never a democracy.
From Bush to Barack the bureaucracy's still hypocrisy.
So Lady Justice is blind to the malice.
One hand on the Bible while she sips from a poisoned chalice.
Everyday the police use excessive force.
And get away cause the system has no remorse.
That's why every hood is sponsored by coke.
Do the math youngsters walk around with pockets full of hope.
No Jimmy Iovine when they got you in the scope.
So blacks and Latinos can barely even cope.
The War on Drugs is a war on the people.
They keep us out of dorms we're sick of cells and the needles.
And they've been profiting ever since.
Prison is a business, ask Merrill Lynch.

