Return of the Loop Digga Lyrics
by Quasimoto.

Production by Madlib, 
, 
L-l-loop, digga, ..., 
 
Yo, it's the loop, digga 
Man, it's the loop, digga 
, 
Some niggas be sampling. The same ass shit, 
Some niggas, be looping up them played out, hits 
But, that's more for me, plus the peeps, I'm down with 
We strive to create some way out. Other shit 
That, you ain't heard. Yet we building up respect 
Then come the check. Then I cash chips 
Now. I go get more stacks of wax 
Fuck CDs, cassettes, 8-tracks and DATs 
Fuck. All that shit cat 
I remember. I was stealing old records from my aunt's closet 
Back. In the days. I didn't even know that I could make a profit off. It 
I drop loops to make you feel like you been taking swiggers 
Yo, it's the return, nigga 
, 
Skit 
Madlib. Excuse me ... 
Vendor. Ah, yes, you looking for something 
Madlib. There'S no prices on these records right here, 
Vendor! Oh, the jazz records. Oh those aren't marked. Yet ..., but if you look
over here ..., do you have anything in mind 
Madlib? Would you happen to have any uhh ... Stanley Cowell Like 1970s
stuff, ..., 
Vendor, I've never heard of him ... 
Madlib, I think his stuff is on Strata, East or something ... 
Vendor. Has he made any hits 
Madlib? He ain't got none of that 
Vendor. I doubt if I have him 
Madlib Back there, you got some Grant Green or something 
Vendor. Ah, Grant Green Yes.. 1958., Blue Note. Blue Note Records 
Madlib Chick Corea Inner Space, I'm looking for that shit. It'S on Atlantic 
1968, 
Vendor, No um, sorry, 
Madlib. What kinda breaks you got then 
Vendor. We got a wide selection of Simon Harris 
Madlib Simon Harris breaks, Nah, I'm looking for some shit with some real
soul 
Vendor Shit. Excuse me: 
Madlib Fuck Fuck, it 
Vendor Got Redbone Breaks. 
Madlib Y'all got any reggae up in this piece or something 
Vendor. We have no reggae in here 
Madlib, Nothing, 
Vendor, No, nothing! 
Madlib Shit, I'm out 
, 
Break, 
Yo, Madlib, ..., yo, ... 
I, know you comin' with all this other shit, man 
But. I want you to hit them with that raw shit right about now. 
You know what you got: ta do 
 
One two one, two 
The selective approach provides the essential conditions for creative freedom
 
Uh-oh. I got shit on deck, just like a pelican 
The Beat Konducta. Orchestrate put you under my spell again: 
I drop the soul inside your ear hole, 
Add the bass line. Then I hit you with a fat drum roll 
I'm, tackling gods and dogs on Holy Thursday, 
Like David Axelrod. I keep it raw from the first day. 
I want it in the worst way: don't pay more than ten dollars 
Get together with Kan-Kick. It'S like we loop scholars, 
Keeping Clifford, Jordan, on down to Willie Mason 
The Propositions, Cassietta George good for lacing 
It's, like I got a goldmine in my soul, supply 
Niggas, askin', Yo Madlib. Why you waste so much money on records and getting
high man 
Man? I got no time for silly shit. 
Throw this record on pack, a bowl take a hit 
 
Yo, it's the ... 
L-l-l-loop digga ... 
 
