Ridiculous Lyrics
by Yungjay.


First and foremost man forget jesus 
I'm, a genius that started doing calculus out my penis 
Apparatus rapping, with platinum status, 
Were, adolescents, the freshest, and we keep a cool essence. Woah 
 
And we're lyrical its a miracle. 
This collaboration is so spiritual, 
 
Here's a little riddle. If the piper fucked the fiddle 
And, the 3 bears ate the bitch would that be original. 
Nowadays people seem so fuckin critical 
Like. They never been subjected to fuckin ridicule 
Stab, a nigga in the back, like he's, soo, cynical, 
Your begging for your life. How hypocritical 

They honor us they wan na hit the bong with us, 
LSR gang or fist fight 50 
Ya, pull up on rims they'll be gone in 60 
Seconds. I reckon our weapons will have you sketchin 
Bullets, ripping through skin tissue 
Hell naw nigga. We ain't miss. You 
LSR gang or try to stop a nuclear
missile. 
Nowadays people seem so fickle. 
I wouldn't buy your shit if it was cooler than an icicle 
Fuck that I'll hit you with another riddle. 
Why. Would I touch those stacks? Your cash is so little 
Earn this honest when I spit it's Earnest, 
I ain't, vain, Hi, I'm modest 
Talking, about how good I am will make this ironic 
But. It'S subliminal, I'm unpredictable, which is erratic, 
Girls cling to me as if they were static 
Electricity. It'S a pity, their friends can't have it 
I, don't have friends. I got business associates 
Who conversate about business when it's appropriate 
If, it's trees, I'm smoking! It Popping seeds, opiates, 
I'll, chew it inject it drink it sniff it so be it 
 
Cause, I'm soviet. It'S fucking over bitch 
I will gun you down from the mothafucking trees and shit. 
I am hiding like on some Korean shit. 
Ak 47's, both gottem Bitch 
So I'll gun you down from both sides. You can't even hide 
Because. I'Ve got double the double the double 
Like. Double the bubble, I've got double the technology 
Understand that you can't even be instant me 
Cause. I understand that physics is ballistics, 
Fucking, ballistics missiles, and there coming by the trillions 
Oh, My God, Billions of people dying doesn't even matter. I was doing this I
wasn't even trying 
I was lying to her so easily. Honestly, she tries to walk up to me. 
So I had sex and it was the frickin best. 
I went fucking hard like a fucking, t-rex 
Dayum 
, 
Both Artists. This shit is ridiculous. 
 
Yo, this girl needs that stimulus, 
An birds around me, like I'm in a circus 
I treat em like scum, hoping that they feel worthless. 
One bitch opened my fridge to search it 
Man. This bitch is looking ridiculous. Ridiculous x2 
Shit 
 
I'll be Inuit in a freakin minute 
When. I reach my limits. I don't care, I'm legit 
I, never ever quit cause. I am in debt. 
 Gon na use my credit card, that's something you can bet because 
I Don't regret. Nothin understand. I'Ve got 5 and there all fuckin done an I'm 
 
Chilling with a Hanna Montana fan Random 
If. It'S your eyes. I kick sand in them. 
I would rob Oprah and take her mansion 
Kidnap her and hold her for ransom, 
Security busts in saying hands up 
They. Couldn'T tell it was me, I was masked up 
All black everything like Oprah 
Forgot, about the chips I left on, the Sofa ... 
 
