Right Direction Lyrics
by Sway UK.


Whenever you're trying to move too quick on the way to the top 
Its, only “Right” that you're gon na get lost 
Tryna “keep” up. So you don't get “left” behind 
Without a penny, so you don't give a toss 
Heads or tails you're, taking too many gambles 
You're on a “roundabout” and going too hard 
“Then” you're on the “road”, taking too many shortcuts 
Tryna “stay” in the race and now you're going Too fast 
That's, not the sound that you hear *Speeding Alert* 
Its more, like *police siren* what've we found over here 
When the feds ask me: I'm I moving any gear, I'm like yeah 
I'm good with the six right here. 
I'M tryna buy “300 yards”. So whenever me and ideas, “cross” paths 
I action, it I Bronson it on
some gangster Giggs, Mark Ronson, sh @ ^, 
Ah. Everybody knows that I'm in my own “Lane” 
Speaking of everybody nose 
I can share a Coke. I ain't watching no names. 
‘Cause. I'Ve always been the one that hopes everybody blows: 
Whether I “Turn left” or “right” 
“Turn” day or night. I ain't running to be “2nd”. 
I'M here to “stay”, got ta keep “ahead” with every lyric. I “write” 
Let's go 
 
Clear roads, no more traffic on the way 
Here goes here, goes 
I've been moving in the right direction, 
Keep on moving in the right direction, 
 
“Enjoy the journey as much as the destination. There are no shortcuts its
 gon na be hard” – Brad Burton 
, 
Vroom money money got you revving up your engine 
But. What do we have “left” when we spend it? 
And “after” the debts, pile up, you‘ll, see everybody and their Mummy running for
the, “Exit”, 
That's “when”. You start getting desperate 
Some reach “the end of the road” wan na “end” it 
When applying for jobs, people at the top take too long to respond. 
Kendrick 
Ah, I know my flow is madness and it's got the people screaming out Sway's
back 
Every year you say that 
And, even when the road got Rocky, I was upstairs ASAP. 
“Right”, wake up the game. ‘Cause they take naps 
Got a brother feeling like Sean. Take that 
Look “sharp”, I Combs through my issues. 
So you can see where my waves at 
Everybody knows that I'm in my own “Lane” 
Speaking of everybody nose 
I can share a Coke. I ain't watching no names. 
‘Cause. I'Ve always been the one that hopes everybody blows. 
Whether I “Turn left” or “right” 
I'm tryna exceed my estimations 
And googles. The only time I'm hanging out ‘till she says: 
“You have reached your destination” 
Ok 
 
Do re mi, I'ma “Keep write”-in. Until I turn “80” 
Even, though, I've got a couple songs about speed, *Speeding, Alert* 
Sorry. I still encourage road safety. 
I ain't gon na retire until my tyres have had it. Only then will I be tired: and
vanish Timmy, Mallet, 

feel embarrassed
 
