RIP DIGGY SIMMONS DISS SONG Lyrics
by Yung God.

Yung God.
God.
Shoutout to Diggy Simmons.
I mean the Yung God.
I mean Diggy Simmons.
And shoutout to his clique the Jetsetters or whatever the fuck yall name is.
Motherfuckers.
I mean Diggy was a nice boy uh Joseph raised him well, Russell, his uncle.
raised him well until he stole Yung Gods name he had a bright future ahead of.
em and then Yung God murdered that nigga with a freestyle.
Yung God murdered his whole fuckin career.
Fuck Diggy.

Take a naked pic of yo sis and copy and paste that shit.
Diggy Simmons is a bitch.
Nigga better run to Russell.
Better hide behind your brother.
This the underground motherfucker.
I am Yung God my nigga.
It will never be another.
Nigga this ain't no game.
Don't make me come to the suburbs and.
Take back my name and.
Snatch yo damn chain.
From your 130 pound frame.
Nigga right in the frontyard I'll do yo ass like Kane.
Uh, Ocean Gangs what I claim.
I will make you my stepson if you don't respect me.
When you couldn't leave the house and you was on MTV.
I was hustling for this , I'll make Diggy Simmons my bitch.
I'll make Jojo my bitch  , make Vanessa my bitch.
Nigga you was born rich  and I wasn't born with shit.
Ocean Gang is that clique  and we smoke more than Coachella.
I will turn your jetsetters  into bed wetters.

Yung God.
Im freestyling on Diggys ass.

Yung God.
Put your whole career in the dirt.

All I need is some purp and I will fuck up your world.
I will grab that lil nigga by his fucking jerry curl.
Take his money and his girl.
Take his money and his *laugh*.

Yung God.
Diggy lemme talk to you man.
I gave you 24 hours.
My niggas was like don't give that nigga shit don't give that nigga no time go.
in on that nigga.
I'll give you 24 hours to explain yourself apologize or email me tweet me.
Whatever niggas in the suburbs do man.
And if you hear this that mean you ain't say shit so Imma give you 48 more.
hours to explain yourself apologize whatever nigga.
And Imma come at you lyrically next time I ain't gon fuck around nigga Imma.
murder you lyrically nigga.
Fuck Diggy.
- x14.
Huh.

