Rippin' the Sound (Organized Rhymes Theme) Lyrics
by The Union.

Yeah, Militia All-Star.
??, first up.
Me? I'm Mr. Tan.
Rippin' the Sounds, Organized Rhymes.
Check it out.

Mr. Tan.
I make this scene here clear, I make this whole spot dissapear.
You bustaz better recognize, I Quantum Leap, then reappear.
Now fuck last year, cause this year, I'm Jones-in like Eddie.
For the nation unknowin, it's on, you cowards ain't ready.
For the terror, I run with tru soldiers and drug smugglers.
That'll have you terrified, how we ride my nocca, fu'realla.
Let's keep this shit classified and clarify the situation.
Cause most these fools fakin, I'm takin niggas down for hatin.
See it's total concentration, I'm breakin the rules ??
And I bet the next time they recognize a real rap star.
Switchin luxury cars, still just spinnin corners.
Organizin Rhymes, and get in where I fit in, potnah hold up.
You better show up, witcha gun out your holster.
I roast you and your whole crew, I'm Mr. Tan and I done told you.
We keep rippin, rippin the sounds.
Organized Rhymes, straight puttin it down.
We keep rippin, rippin the sounds.
Organized Rhymes, straight puttin it down.

Ms. Toi.
Yeah...
Are we in sequence now? C'mon, let me show you how.
Raw uncut Militia men really get down with that.
Precious jewel precise, Ms. Toi, cut close.
For, perfect piece of ice, sparklin with gleam.
Glistenin lookin mean, you try to come test I.
Make sure I strike you with the West.
Who's actually one of the best rippin this coast.
My mommalicious styles keep hittin em low, rippin my shows.
While I, straight get it get it, I warned you.
In the beginnin-ginnin, now we straight winnin winnin.
And our records be spinnin, worldwide.
Where you gon' hide? I rhymes, feelin good tonight.
I blows minds for the most times, I shall climb.
With these Organized Rhymes.
And I'm rippin to make history this time.
But I'm still hard to find, and I'm steady waxin to shine.

Organized Rhymes keep rippin the sound.
With the Militia, and we straight puttin it down.
Organized Rhymes keep rippin the sound.
With the Militia, and we straight puttin it down.
Organized Rhymes keep rippin the sound.
With the Militia, and we straight puttin it down.
Organized Rhymes keep rippin the sound.
With the Militia.. with the Militia...

?
Clear to circumfrence, seven CC's for heart pumpin.
Lyrically dumpin, MC's ain't sayin nothin.
They frontin, soft as a panda, propoganda.
Bullshittin they buntin, I'm home run hittin.
They fouled, fools is out of the game.
Magnified picture, blown out of the frame.
360 is 9 baby, equal to verb.
Close the first two, proceed, open the third.
Hutton, E.F., when illuminati speak.
Infrared peep and seek your body heat.
Like Eraser, spark the spliff and uplift.
Yeah shift, steady movin swift with the four-fifth.
While all you actors get run over by tractors.
The common factor, will use math to subtract you.
Minus, my rhyme flows they be timeless.
You're spineless, tell your boy to rewind this.
Wherever I go, MC's catch heart attacks.
Trails are found with fossils and artifacts.
A variety of herbal, a garden like Eden.
Get your first aid kit, my nia, you bleedin, WHAAAT?

