Rise to the Top Lyrics
by Unnamed.


I, walk this empty street on the boulevard of broken dreams 
What the fuck am I talking about. I must be running out of themes. 
Only broken dream I had was one where I was happy. 
That'S only cause, I was killing kids with a machete. 
This is the type of shit that makes boys paint their nails. Black 
And grab their Dad's gat and a black ski-mask 
Put them inside their rucksack, get the stupid fucks back 
For, stealing their bicycle from the bike. Rack 
Cause, it's time to fight back 
Yeah. It'S time to bite back 
The only reason you're alive is cause you like rap 
Just. Take them down like you're, going bowling, no strike that 
Take them down like they stole your voice, get your mic back 
To everyone else. You mean jack 
Next time. Somebody starts shit. Kick off 
Kill the motherfucker hit them with a rock 
Fuck the consequences. Fuck, a cop 
Go home, tell your parents to suck a cock, 
Type Unnamed, into YouTube and listen to real hip-hop 
 
Tell, these other rappers, to hit the hay 
Let me take over. If I may 
I'm the reason, hip-hop fans continue to pray, 
They know, there's still hope if Unnamed still has prey, 
The game's fucked up 
I complain so much I should be called Un-nay. 
Don'T. Tell me to be calm. Living in anger is the only way 
In purple shorts, smoking weed watching the Packers play 
Then meet up with Rogen grab my lantern guess you could say 
That this basket. Case'S life is nothing more than a green day. 
 
Come on that shit was clever. 
 
I need to connect with a beat in order to write good lyrics 
So. When I find the right beat. I rise up like a spirit. 
You can tell I connect shit. All of you hear it 
I just wish that you were with me to feel it. 
If more people heard me I'd make sure that they fear it 
But. Until that day, I search for a fan base to share it. 
I know I'm not the best, I'm just full of myself 
But, while I'm sitting on the roof, you can't reach the top shelf. 
I shit on you, bitches and you're, just shitting yourself, 
Just, don't hate on me cause jealousy is bad for your health 
I'm only 17, my mixtape's, nothing to Yeezus 
But. Don'T let that fool you! I could inject you with diseases. 
And iron, you, like creases, 
Then chop. You to pieces, 
And I'd eat you like Reece's 
Look, how hot this rap is: motherfucker yours freezes, 
I'm, arrogant, sick and twisted 
And, I'm still pissed at 
Every, single woman and guy 
Responsible for cancelling Fire Fly 
 
Now, I'm standing here screaming God. Why 
Why do you? Let bad things happen, 
Why is the microphone such a deadly weapon. 
Why is my mind. Fried 
Why have all the legends died, 
Sorry R.A, but they're gone and we've cried 
Life's a maze. The legends are waiting outside 
And when I meet them. I'D show off my music with pride 
But. Until we meet them, we have to deal 
With phony, rappers 
But until that day, just spit something real 
Fuck. The phony rappers 
 
We will 
Rise to the top 
And. We will 
Never ever stop. 
I said we will 
Rise to the top 
And on our way. 
We will watch you, fuckers drop 
 
Keep, fighting 
Keep grinding 
Keep, rising up 
And, keep shining 
 
Because. We will 
Rise to the top
 
