Rob No One Lyrics
by Visionaries.


Yo wassup everybody, you've reached Rob One from CBS Crew.
Check it out tonight tonight only, I'm having a little shindig.
At my crib. I want everybody to come through, all the ladies.
All the ladies are gonna be in the house. Visionary Crew.
Rocking it, on the 1 and 2's, DJ Rhett. So check it out.
Come through, leave the message and I'll get back to you.
Peace!

Yo good looking out. Thanks for coming through yo, ayo.
Everybody, people check it! No one go in my room, my room.
Is off limits alright? Yo, have a good time alright?

Stepped into the party tardy and it's already gotten hyper.
Visionary Crew receives more hugs than the diapers.
Bypass his bugaboo just like a windshield wiper.
Looking for the homies with the drugs in the cypher.

Who got a lighter?
Bout to make the shiny faces a little brighter.
Me and LMNO hit the bar for a Malibu Hulk.
Got my fade while Key made his way to the vault.
Three man assault.

So many hunnies in the spot, it's ridiculous.
But my current goal is to be inconspicuous.
Flip on the fog machine and the laser beams.
Weaved through the crowd like a fish swimming down the stream.

Strolled into the kitchen, a minute later.
I'm playing the role of the waiter.
Serving pate to everybody in the party.
On a silver tray high society.
Ready to come and take anybody in my way.

Lookin around, found my way to a plugged mic.
Said, Visionaries are here tonight.
Slightly, spoke a few rhymes, killed some few lines.
Even said...just to give Key more time.

Slipped into the hallways low-key.
2Mex's special pate got people tilted so nobody knows this is me.
Plus Dannu got the party acting unruly.
I put the skeleton in the lock for room entry.

I see Key Kool in the bedroom.
Ooh, and here comes Rob One.
At the same time Dannu yells Sun God Suns!
Aww man I don't know what to do.
So I throw up my W and I yell out.
Afterlife! Visionary Crew!

I'm in search of, another base to deface.
Wasting more time than sane procrastination.
Handsome crackin at your mom straight facing.
Speaking of, how much more time will Key keep taking?

No time to waste, I skip looking through the crates.
I know the goods have to be up in the safe.
Put the stethoscope to the door to hear the click.
Turn the knob left and right, three clocks for three stops.

I'm jockin Dannu on the mic.
Then all of a sudden enters the girl that Rob One likes.
I grab his shoulder back, I say whats up quarterback.
You better get behind that center and make her snap!

Times up, show's about to start.
I could tell our job was done by the way 2Mex remarked.
Act like we can't do that, when in fact we just scored.
Time to rock the party, got what we came for.

2Mex and Dannu are done warming up the spot.
I'm almost out of time as I look at my watch.
Popped the lock without breaking.
Hear a knock, no waiting.
Grabbed what I need and exit through the window with speed.
Give the goods to Zen at point A.
He makes his way over to the DJ stand.
With the wax in his hand....

Excuse me, excuse me, hey, hey Rhett! Rhett! Rhett!
We got it.

On behalf of Rob One, myself LMNO, Visionaries in effect.
Yeah yeah yeah check it out. Yo, I just wanna start it off.
From the bottom of our hearts we appreciate ya'll coming.
Out to this shindig....hey Rhett, you ready to set this?
Hey Rhett you ready?.......

Yo this is DJ Rhettmatic of the Beat Junkies, Visionary Crew.
And Key Kool &amp; Rhettmatic, you've reached my voicemail and.
Pager. Please leave a brief message right after the beep, or.
Punch in your digits and area code, and I'll get back with.
You as soon as I can.

Yo wassup Rhett, it's Rob One. Damn! Remember those.
Records I borrowed from you the other day? Doubles of uh.
Superlover Scene Cassanova Ride? Well, doesn't look like.
You'll be seeing them again cause uh, I think I might have.
Misplaced them. Ayo hit me back on the pager alright?
Peace. Sorry.

