Rock to the Rhythm Lyrics
by Ruste Juxx.


It goes rock to the rhythm, to the rhythm you rock.
It's about to pop off like a fresh new Glock.
Certified platinum as soon as I wrap 'em.
Now I ain't gotta nab 'em, gag 'em and cap 'em.
I could write an anthem to cop me a Phantom.
Throw you in a trance and keep the crowds dancing.
Cash in advance, I'm looking for a mansion.
Few houndred acres cause it's all about expansion.
Bounce to the bass, to the bass you bounce.
I'mma about to get with baby girl and blow me an ounce.
I ain't gotta game 'em, moment Philly train 'em.
They rolling with the Ruste, so how can I blame 'em?
BK assassin, aiming and blasting.
Making sure these wack artist' careers won't be lasting.
My B town homeies getting that green.
And you can catch me road wild spitting that mean.

Rock to the rhythm, to the rhythm you rock.
Rock to the rhythm, to the rhythm you rock.
Rock to the rhythm, to the rhythm you rock.
To the rhythm you rock, to the rhythm you rock.
Bounce to the bass, to the bass you bounce.
Bounce to the bass, to the bass you bounce.
Bounce to the bass, to the bass you bounce.
To the bass you bounce, to the bass you bounce.

Move to the groove, to the groove you move.
It's about to go down, if you snooze you lose.
Certified platinum as soon as I wrap 'em.
I ain't gotta jab 'em, drag 'em or stab 'em.
My producer Arcitype's the future.
I won't dispite ya, send someone to shoot ya.
Tracks all flame and the lyrics all poison.
Do it for the pretty fly women and my boys and.
Shout out to my haters cause they keep me inspired.
As I work towards building a new empire.
Brooklyn in the backgroun, Juxx never back down.
From Bronx, The Queens, Harlem and back down.
I tow shag 'em, black body bag 'em.
Fill 'em up with a full clique from the Magnum.
You know what crime it is, 187.
Juxx .730 with a .357.

I need to hear you make noise, put your hands up.
I'm a bonofied pro, rip jams up.
Stage dive on 'em really, get live on 'em.
Juxx is surprised cause they all keep their eyes on him.
I'm like lightyears ahead of you.
The executer slicing, beheading you.
You do not live the trife life.
You just one, two check, my mic's right.
BK assassin, aiming and blasting.
Making sure their careers won't be lasting.
My B town homeies getting that green.
And you can catch me road wild spitting that mean.

