Rollin Crazy (Bird & Emerse) Lyrics
by Zoo Crew.


Turn up the music I'll spit this fluent 
It's A-Game Bird and Emerse on a track, and this is how we do it 
Y'all dose up on that .2, we dose up'till we're stupid, 
Hype feelin' right. I can tell tonight's already improvin' 
I hit the Amp and I'm amped up, I'm with the Zoo Crew in Tampa. 
I got Mollyrocks fatter than Santa with rhymes hotter than Atlanta 
In the summertime, but I'm pumped tonight and I'm on my grind. You can't stop
my shine 
And. I want what's mine and that's Molly in my system and my pocket. Just to
guarantee I'll have a good night 
Alright, I'm back on my shit, Zoo Crew and Miss Molly got my back in this
bitch 
And, I'm mackin' on chicks and I'm stackin'. My chips, I'm first y'all! Last get
slapped with a dick 
No respect, but I'll still act nice when I'm with Molly. I promise that I'm
polite 
So, you don't have to worry, live on with your life. Since I'm rollin, I will not
knock out your lights. 
 
Emerse back in this bitch again comin' through rippin' off all your skin 
I'm new and improved with a black mac. 10. I'M a take your life guaranteed my
friend 
Mental, telepathy rippin', incredibly spittin' at you on the deadliest, melody 
Rip you in two! So you better not step to me fuck with my crew Gon na need
surgery 
Drinkin' on brew and blazing the heavenly it's what I do so call it. My
Therapy 
Smoked on a few asked Molly to marry me next thing. I knew I'm rollin'
retardedly 
Rippin' robotically perform lobotomies hidden astrology comin' from out of me 
Ritual, sodomy blue pills, I'm swallowing bodies, I'm hollowing demons
demolishing 
You, never heard of me killin' internally, doin' it wonderfully here. For
Eternity 
Expert in poetry, as well as the potent tree get on my level, but you couldn't
fuck with me 
I can really make you disappear high up in the fuckin' atmosphere. 
And to just make this nice and clear, I'm a go with you. Bitch have no fear !
 
Always got a pair of sunglasses when I die, Find Molly in my casket. 
Mdma is simple: magic ... and I'm a magician 
Come dose up. If you down to roll Hell, yeah I'm fucked up, but I have goals 
And, I'm not very old, but I handle my own. I'M a mothafuckin' beast on the
microphone 
It's Bird lil' homie. You know me if you don't cause I'm low key as can be 
And. I'M not messin' with no ecstasy. I got crystals you wan na see 
Honestly, I'm just trying to be the best I can be and truthfully 
I'm a go down in history with 2 bitches buried right next to me, 
See me, I shine I'm on my grind. Like 24/7, that's all the time. 
The only thing on my mind is money and Molly, that's no lie. 
You, don't want been cause, I'm too raw I'll. Take your shit like U-Haul 
I got a lot of drugs lockjaw I rep Zoo Crew, so fuck y'all
, 
