Rollin' Lyrics
by 57 Pixels.


I smoke that good; the flavor is chronic.
Roll that shit up like a waiter at Sonic.
Hit it so hard the vapor might clog it.
I don't plan on coming down I favor the cosmics.
Yeah, favor the cosmics.

I'm a hit this slow, cause this bowl is thick with Dro.
And I just want to sit and smoke, can't put five on it.
Bitch you broke, can't get remorse.

We rock, and we're Rollin'.
So much weed you would think it was stolen.
We're high, from this tokin'.
Keif in the bowl, hella purp's what we're blowin'.

Coping with stress, what could be next?
I'll be better after someone's fronting me sess.
Hoping the best, some good then rest.
Weed so loud it's like it's wanting the press.
Start focusing yes, but the dank takes over.
The blunt breaks in the corner, we still hate being sober.
Pot smoking is best, but the poison holds closer.
The noise has no closure and this soy milk grows older.
Choking and tokin', bowls that are bloatin'.
Dank so loud even when the grinders not open.
AK is chosen, same places we're smokin'.
Sweet lean; codeine is what all my buds soaked in.
Bowls look like cauldrons, and they still get brim shots.
Pack it till it's in knots, smoke it like we're in Denmark.
Taste it not when I'm smoking, and block out all commotion.
I'll be on stage with a blunt when I'm rockin' and rollin'.

Rocking and rolling, okay I'm stoning just posted.
So just grab a bottle and pour it. About a quarter I'm holding.
And I'm not talking money, yeah we're about to get toasted.
If you're the shit you never talk it, all you do it show it.
If you are against me, then you are just not an opponent.
Yeah, Shit the doors open, someone get up and close it.
You're letting all the smoke out, homie what are you thinking.
We're getting elevated, like our spirits on the weekend.
I don't understand why people hate cheifin'.
Shit, it's my hobby I'll grab a bowl and keif it.
Or maybe not and I'll make some brownies and eat it.
It doesn't matter to me I'm just all up where the weed is.
Shit, I'm blowing down for the class of 2013 and.
You know I'm always reppin' League City.
You keep it one hundred but I keep it three fifty.
If you want to go up to the top then just chief with me.

