Rotovegas Lyrics
by Yumas.


Got our wristbands on tight.
Its gonna be a hell of a night.
We walkin up into tent city.
And we feelin right.

These rowdy cunts are gettin at it.
Smashin dobros to the dome.
Ass is blowin up like i shotgunned a laxative.
God damn lets catch that bus up to stage.
But first things first, we gotta rage.
Bout to unleash the drunk me.
Up on out of its cage.

If i wasn't faded, no way i woulda hit that indian broad.
Shout out to miles b for bringing her straight to my front yard.
That was too easy bruh.
It ain't hard to believe me bruh.
These girlies prance around the camp ground all actin sleazy bruh.

But that whats you get when you mix feelings and drugs.
A festival for the masses and everyone seem to fall in love.
But wastin time chasing tail is not big boi like shutterbug.
We keep it trill and know the best times's with mauri cunts.

In the new zealand Vegas.
Kiwi spottings ya they endangered predators.
To be saved there need to be some history editors.
From wings down to one feather.
Some cunts would rather be wearing leather.

Mongrol mob declaring one outs.
Guns out here ain't what counts.
No worries about the next artillery discounts.
Flamed in red that's what they abouts.
But they be staying quiet cause there's hardly any citizen shouts.
Shoutout to the vacation home at the mount.

Rotoruas hottest night club the lava bar.
Ordering French fries at the bar.
Hitting up those Canadian honeys at the bar.
Setting my white rhinos drink at the bar.
Damn those Rotorua honeys never set the bar.
They all feel like they red bull vodka shining star.

Rotovegas is where I keep my chips.
The only thing in gambling is weather to take miles b rips.
Or shaking my booty behind a kiwi girls hips.
Check my tris girl I just did 300 dips.

Pops behind the BBQ made of a car rim.
Singing me what he rembers of the a Portuguese hymn.
Drinking wine from 1967.
Some shot that came out of sevenths heaven.
This shit you can't even get in a Thai 711.
Ya all I have here is what's in heaven.

