Rotten Lyrics
by Unda Preshur.


She say she love it. She want it. She wan na make me a promise, 
She think I'm modest, but honestly i'm an oddity 
Now. She constantly follow me wants to talk to me, calling me 
Hot and bothered a goddess who wants a part of me. 
 
I know she thinking of me Fall asleep in her dream. 
She holds her pillow like she wish. It was me, 
I know she thinking of us. She think of falling in love. 
She tries to hold me, but I rot into dust 
 
The feeling of evil, Not gon', devour 
Everything about you. I got you a flower 
Thinking. You can be the one. I want to be 
Developing a crush wit Watch. It rot in an hour 
 
No lust. Like ours Matter fact, when you think about 
You can tell the love is sour, 
Matter fact, when you think about you scratching my back 
With your nails when we f*** for hours, 
 
She, want it rough, wanted everything from she wanted, love 
Now. She Telling me she Wan na, be with me every minute of the day is not enough: 
Nah. She's B-E-A-U-T-I-F-U-L, Can't you tell 
I'm a demon trapped in a body motherf*** er. Now it's back to hell, 
 
I bought you roses and chocolates. I know I'm dope and I'm awesome 
A candle lit dinner, I'm feeling romantic. You blossom 
Under the moonlight untill. The mood strikes, You ain't ever leaving 
Read you poems till the roses, grow mold and are rotten. 
 
Watch me open a coffin I'll leave you broken and awkward 
All. I need is a moment to hold cause. I lost it. 
Your heart is like a balloon, I'll poke it and pop it. 
I wouldn't hold it and rock it. I'D rather slow it and stop it 
 
She say she love it. She want it. She wan na make me a promise, 
She think I'm modest, but honestly i'm an oddity 
Now. She constantly follow. Me wants to talk to me, calling me 
Hot and bothered a goddess who wants a part of me. 
 
I know she thinking of me Fall asleep in her dream. 
She holds her pillow like she wish. It was me. 
I know she thinking of us. She think of falling in love. 
She tries to hold me, but I rot into dust 
 
She used to be different cute with a ribbon 
Till. I gave her my music to listen 
Used to be stupid and wack, but I came with a rap 
And, a new percision. She was the few 
Who knew I could do it among my pupils. 
Who could envision That. I would change her 
Happy to anger. Parents don't know her 
Sadly, a stranger, 
, 
Having fun, like damn Didn't know she would be 
A one night stand under my charm under my arm. 
Under alarm On my right hand, 
She, clutching and glaring Lying together in 
Bed. I'M like why the f*** is you starin 
I, don't need your love. I'Ve had enough of you caring 
, 
Intimate thoughts and the stuff you was sharing. 
I, don't give a f***. I just want. What'S under what you been wearing 
After that night ever day, I would duck you now. You say I disgust you 
I, don't complain, cause, I feel no pain. I take what I must do. 
 
If I wanted. I could keep you undressing say: I'm a demon, infesting 
Inside of your dreams. I been sleeping and nestin 
So. When we meet, you would feel a peek of depression, blushing, cheeks, 
And, affection. Look at me in the mirror, see no reflection, 
 
She say she love it. She want it. She wan na make me a promise, 
She think I'm modest, but honestly i'm an oddity 
Now. She constantly follow me wants to talk to me, calling me 
Hot and bothered a goddess who wants a part of me. 
 
I know she. Thinking of me Fall asleep in her dream. 
She holds her pillow like she wish. It was me, 
I know she thinking of us. She think of falling in love. 
She tries to hold me, but I rot into dust
 
