Ruff Ryders All Star Freestyle Lyrics
by Ruff Ryders.


Ruff Ryder Three Time for the younger generation to blow 
You know. I brought my nigga with me: 
D-Block 
, 
Hey yo, it's Jae Hood bitch respect my bars 
The doctors had to piece together your face. Like a collage 
Niggas, always talk. Breezy till the steel come out. 
And slugs rip through their gums and their grill come out. 
Motherfuck you and fuck your mans 
If. I don't clap you in the dome 
I'm a leave clips in your diaphragm 
I'm, the hood prophet 
Puff purple. Instead of chocolate, 
Stay from around chumps and cowards cause, they gossip 
And, I'm a stay on the corner like stop signs 
With, a pack of them creamy colored rocks and the Glock nine 
When you speaking of the hardest nigga 
Bring hood's name up, 
D Block bitch. We about to have the game chained up, 
My words too strong bars too powerful 
And your towel can't dry you when the dumdums shower you 
Your mad, because your garbage and your lyrics is boring. 
And your whip was made that same year you was born in 
 
Listen man. Don'T worry how many gats this crook has 
Just know. I stay strapped like book bags, 

You just getting off your porch 
And me, I'm just getting off in court. 
I could make sure your coffin bought 
Why. Would you mention a burner? 
There is a difference between rapping and attempting to murder, 
Talking the shit you living and talking the shit you heard of 
You said fuck Larceny 
What. Is you crazy, bitch 
Before, you walk the streets. Here'S a few safety tips 
Watch who you speaking bout and watch who you speaking to 
The cats, you speaking bout, could show you what the heat could do. 
A respirator is what you'll be breathing through 
And you got beef with who that you need toast 
The closest you came to beef was meat, loaf 
When we pose with bats and pea coats, 
Y'all niggas, better, be close, 
, 
To fuck with Cam y'all, bitches, better hope And dream 
Every gun that I own got a scope and beam 
When. I approach the scene shake the dice rook, the team 
Best bitch on the east coast since Queen 
Latifah buy reefer, fly diva 
Ride, deeper four pound bump louder than five speaker. 
Spit fire hot lava flow, 
Don't, get it twisted, I'm not one of them. Prada ho's. 
Catch me in Escada clothes with a lot of dough, 
That's, not mine. It'S his 
I need a lot more to live. 
You got to get the king before the kid 
How. You think. A bitch like me afford to live. Motherfucker 
, 
Styles 
That's, a bad bitch Shiz. You a bad ass nigga. It'S the younger generation, 
killing y'all Lock get busy on these niggas 
 
Hey. Look I'm trying to sell mad gravy 
So. I get birds from my crew and make Erykah Badu my Bag. Lady 
You, that crazy Squeeze. I know you ain't spitting shells, 
Your hand shake so much. It shows up on the Richter scale. 
I made the huskiest niggas look like they had sickle cell 
I. Don'T just sell bricks dog. I got a bitch for sale 
So. Let me find the nigga that hating Lock 
No coffin. He get buried in the refrigerator box, 
God. Damn I'm a hot man 
I'm telling you straight up. I got my weight up Jacob 
Call, my wrists Roxanne 
Cause. If I wore it in a dark room, 
You and your man would hate it. I'Mma look animated. Like a cartoon 
Bottom line, I'm telling you that you ain't fucking with me 
Hard, nobody guards, you want a shot, come and get me 
I'm, not a sucker. Nor is any nigga running with me 
And. Why are y'all balling with wheels if they under fifty 
Nigga 
 
Lock and blocks the motto 
Got more slow than Dr. Zhivago 
Same, mind state? That makes a poem rock in Chicago 
But. I don't get my gangster from movies. 
I'M, a rockstar 5 star, teles running with gangsters and groupies 
Come through and leave a voice, sick 
Cause, my F-type steers with a joystick 
I'm the heart. In my era 
Listen, I lead an artistic life 
Paint pictures with my actions. Ain'T no margin for error, 
My innate features, leave niggas dismayed speechless 
And. Please don't mistake: weakness for kindness, 
I fuck, with old timers 
So. Don'T make me forget that you real and catch Alzheimers, 
Motherfucking hoes. Never I spoil them. 
Remember, I'm known to break a bitch for reckless eyeballing 
The top dog nigga. I'M the bare truth: 
You want to get math 
Nigga, I'm the square root. 
The Rockstar 
 
I got mean stash 
You seen Cass get his thug on 
Strip my bitch we kiss and get our hug on 
She. What I put drugs on and get my grub on 
And dog. When you park your car put your club on 
The next cat. I put the snub on 
Ima clap the gat till it get too hot and that's with gloves on 
Y'all love drawing. You should go to an art. School 
I get my club on with the glow in the dark jewels 
Trees. In my shoes polo in the dark blues 
And, I spark tools that the po and the narcs use 
Fuckers y'all stupid or something 
What's the point in pulling out your joint. If you ain't shootin at nothing, 
Dude fronting will get you banged in the face. 
If you have braces, then you know how the banger will taste 
I'm near anything pertaining to cake 
And, Just copped, the blue lighting, with the rectangular face 
Easy, 
, 
Styles, 
Easy, niggas matter of fact: fuck that go hard. 
Cass' show these niggas how you built 
Grab your guns and bust off my nigga 
 
Yeah. It'S Cassidy, bitch get the name clear, 
I'm. What you lame steer got the game: scared 
Buy'caine by the square, sell it by the o. 
I run through snow like a reindeer 
The cool kid got. The coke heads nose red like Rudolf 
I grind on the strip so hard. I got blue balls 
I'd rather knock a q off then get blew off 
That's. How I stay on my toes, like my shoes off 
You dudes, are soft, really bitches like Ra Paul 
When's, it's war. I move out like U-hauls 
I'm, a true boss, 
I, send eight balls to the corner 
My strip like a pool hall 
And. I ball, like I, been in the sport 
My trigger finger itching like it got genital warts 
Don't play around with him boy. 
Cause Cass is a pain in the ass, like hemorrhoids 
Faggot, 
 
