Run from the faggots Lyrics
by Twisted G (aka Gangsta Fag).

Now I just finished fucking my man.
And I'm laying in the bed with my dick in his hand.
He gets up and he says he's thirsty.
He's going to the store to get a 40 of Olde.
He kissed me and told me I'll be back.
I laid the fuck down and starting taking a nap.
I passed the fuck out cause tired like a mother.
That's when I heard a scream and a car burning rubber.
I grabbed my gat and I ran outside.
I saw my baby on the ground.
And they're beating him down.
They got him outnumbered 1 to 8.
They're callin him a fag and their kicking his face.
I pulled my gat and I'm letting it spit.
And I don't really care or give a fuck who I hit.
They jump in the car and they run like bitches.
The dead motherfuckers just dug their ditches.

Run from the faggots, run from the faggots.
You know Twisted G came to bring the ruckus.
Run from the faggots, run from the faggots.
I guess you picked the wrong fucking fags to fuck with.

Now my boos in the hospital.
Do you think they'll get away, that's impossible.
Cause I'm gonna terrorize them like a gang of A-rabs.
Cause they picked the wrong fucking fag to gay-bash.
I know who they are cause I seen them before.
Now you know it's time for me to settle the score.
That's when I called my dogs and we hit the street.
The three craziest fags that you'd hate to meet.
So we headed out to this country bar.
We drove around the back and we spotted the car.
So we laid low then four came out.
And when they turned around we stuck the gats in their mouth.
We put them on their knees now their sucking our dicks.
We nutted on their faces and we're watching it drip.
Now get the fuck up we give you 3 to run.
1, 2...  now mutha fuckas are done.

Now we're hunting for the heteros.
Four down and four motherfuckers to go.
So we laid low and stayed blazed on weed.
That's when we get the call and that's all we need.
We got the address of the place they rest.
Grabbed the artillery and bags of cess.
Kicked in the door and we can see our victims.
Four rednecks and their girls are with them.
Step into the room and you could smell the fear.
Don't nobody move cause the fags are here.
But a parties only what you make it.
Make all the guys strip and get butt naked.
Put them on their knees now we're fucking them all.
Lick the shit off my cock now you're rubbing my balls.
Your girl's in tears while she watch you suck it.
I guess you picked the wrong fucking fag to fuck with!

