Rush Lyrics
by Zio zane.


Uh, Zane Ya already know.
Heart of lost angels.
Rush.

Traffic in the sky, have a look around.
Ain't no sunshine on the underground.
Ain't nobody perfect, we all on the line.
Shits we had to do, shit we had to rush.

Uh dreams I saw from the window.
Life is gettin' scary as i'm followed by the shadow.
Momma always told me honey pedal to the medal.
But the money and the fame got me working like a chainsaw.
It's hard to have a dream coming from a city where.
Sleepin' in the ceiling is the jeans everybody wears.
I'm tryna stick to the script cause.
Life is a movie using death as a topic.
If I die on my grind tell my bother bout the crime.
It's all about the time so much money on my mind.
I'm tryna build my future like bill gates with no gate.
All dis bitches fuckin' my past, but no hate.
No judging nigga I ain't perfect nigga.
Traffic in the sky watch me fly nigga.
I know you hate it when a nigga made it.
And nigga never done till he fina kill it.

You know my crew on the way to the top.
Yeah we grindin' like a motherfucker you can call the cops.
Mind on my money dreams in my double cup.
Sip it like hennessy sup my enemies I heard a fuck nigga dropped.
All my niggas sick as fuck and imma doctor flyin' to the top.
Saw you bitches on the escalator.
All my homies chillin' where the cash at.
Can you swim cause you sleepin' where the crabs at.
Nigga, ain't nobody safe haters be back to the grave.
When the king is got the crown I'm the underground king.
Nigga,she ready for whatever I used to love bitch.
But I wasn't there forever.
Now she wonder why I'm gone I told bitch I'm gone.
Now she's going crazy ans wish she was never born.
Bitch I'm gone, bitch I'm gone.
I told 'em bitch I'm gone.

2Pac:*2.
Something we all have to do.
One thing we dying for.
Nothing but pain stuck in the game.
Searching for fortune and fame.

That's right here.
Its so basic that we all wanna be famous....
?
?

Momma never raised to be who I'm not.
So you can hate me for who I am.
Travel every night tryna talk to God.
He probly got a crib in a ATM.
Man I feel like the fuckin' man of mankind.
All eyes on me but ya'll ray Charles.
I stevie wonder if you thought judging me gon change me.
Hahaha fuck nigga.

