S.S.D.D. Lyrics
by Tyler Tracey.


It's that same shit different day life.
Lost like Amelia Eahart's plane in flight.
Thinking I'm moving but I'm still just floating.
The clouds roll in, now I don't know if I'm coming or going.
Smoke a gram of the Purp just to get me through the day.
My phone always blow up but I don't hear what they say.
If I ever leave my room it's to get that cash.
Some nights I even get myself a little of that ass.
But she mean nothing so other than my dick, I feel nothing.
She don't stay the night, hoes always in the running.
Playing Wiz Khalifa in hopes that one day I'll be stunting.
But all the music I put out gets gun down, so I stay hunting.
Take another puff and pass it off to my mirror.
Sarah McLaughlin says I've fallen but I barely hear her.
My mother calls my phone while I'm roasting this roach.
She tells me she's on cloud nine for me but I haven't left the coast.
I live the same shit day in and day out.
This slump seem like Everest but it's just a dirt mount.
But I can't climb over it if my routine never change.
But my routine can't change because I've lost the key to my cage.
So I stay here with these hoes and drug dealers.
Staring out my window at the guys in suits, driving Beamers.
Wondering how they did it like I couldn't.
And wondering if I just need to take my soul to the dry cleaners.
My dishes haven't been washed in months.
I haven't even taken the garbage out once.
My clothes smell like cigarettes and weed.
But I think a hair cut and shave is all I need.
Down some caffeine and get out of bed.
Take two Tylenol to calm my banging head.
Trying to think of the last positive thing I said.
Spread some peanut butter on no name bread.
Turn on the TV and watch sitcoms.
Get stoned, record my vocals and drop these bombs.
Thinking about fake IDs and getting drunk.
Wondering if my life is an episode of Punk'd.
Silly rhymes for the ill minds.
And not the same type of ill like my lines.
I mean that I'm seriously sick.
Complaining about life to the ho on my dick.
After sex I Tweet about my pain.
Nobody Retweets because nobody knows my name.
Seems like while all these other rappers play the same game.
I'm struggling to embrace my own lane.
Rolexes, Buggattis and Gucci belts.
These are all the things I can't afford.
Sitting here baggy eyed watching Seinfeld.
I don't even have the energy to pray to the Lord.
S.S.D.D.
Parting the debris like the Red Sea.
Recording this track at a quarter after three.
Just the same shit every night for me.
My sister called me up the other night.
She said, You need to change, this isn't right.
But how? You need to get out of this rut.
Is this how you want to be remember when you rot?
No, I guess not.
But it's like this regular life won't stop.
If I go for the win then I might not make it hot.
Because there's a really good chance that I might flop.
I'm going to live this routine life so I don't go astray.
Because any risks I take might take my life away.
So let me just turn off the light and light another J.
Because that's what you gotta do when you live the same shit different day.

So let me just turn off the light and light another J.
Because that's what you gotta do when you live the same shit different day.

