Sandy Cheeks  Niggas Bleed Lyrics
by Yung Sizzle.

Sandy Cheeks 
 
Blunt on my ear, so I can hear the loud 
Suck. My Oscar Meyer Penny, Proud, 
The drought is over. I brought the weed. 
Smegma brought the lotion 
I'm only 5 years old nigga, I'm rap precocious 
And, I'm out of potion 
I ain't, the one to float on life, 
But I'll. Let my semen float inside your wife, 
I ain't, a nigga that you want to try trifle with 
Get a rifle sticked to your dome, so drop your knife, bitch 
Smoking on my pipe I'm getting high and fellating myself! 
I! Don'T need no one else. 
I got the mouth of a god, 
Rob a nigga that think he mobbin', while he wearing a crop top 
Cut a nigga at a thrift shop 
With a fifty cent katana 
Nigga, my dad is Obama nigga. My son is Osama RIP 
Snort a couple ki's you're now rocking with a G 
With, a big D in the desert of the AB ... Q 
I am high as fuck on Walter's blue 
All. I want's to fuck your bitch, and maybe you can join too 
Psyche. You turned your bitch dyke 
But. I turned her right around 
Randy Johnson on the mound 
With my Big Unit in Munich, 
Influenced, thousands of hoes 
With, the shit, that's in my Intuit, thousands of rolls 
Benjis on Benjis. But if you don't friend me on Facebook, 
You just became one dissed ho 
Eyes low watching anime 
Bae is bumping Jesse J, I punched her in the face. 
She was trippin' 
I ripped the bong and watched Zack and Cody at the Tipton 
And jerked to Brenda Song. 
Your bitch left her thong here and her pride 
Got between something other than her inner thighs 
But. She was fine, I'm out of time, 
See ya later. If you enter here, you'll, see what's inside Sizzle's, mind 
 
Cracking, fuck, nigga bitches right up on side of they head 
Fuck niggas catching a murder declassified like Ned 
Niggas wanting to kill me to claim my stacks of bread 
But. What they don't know is actually it's just a loaf of bread, 
Them niggas salty, like they're, Filipino Champ 
While. I got their mommas damp. 
Have them send their ass to camp. Then they come back, 
Tell them Son. I am your new dad. 
Now shut your fucking mouth and roll. My blunt wrap 
I school, your ass with dumb raps 
Pump action, shotgun in your butt 
Pump. My cum in your momma's cunt 
Her time of month, is absent. 
I should have just been abstinent 
Nah, so I fled quick with a dead bitch in my trunk 
With, a wrap on my dragged trunk 
Like, I'm Reptar on Worldstar with some bad luck, 
I'm a sad punk with pink hair like a faggot 
But. At least I have bars, unlike Faggot 
Bitch, get back to your pageant 
In the streets with my ratchets 
 
That's, my dick in her attachments, 
Getting, high and higher. I wonder where the grass went: 
Past tense, 
Flipping packs to all my friends, 
Counting duckets with no end 
Getting buckets like it's Lin ... sanity 
Catch me lurking right behind her in her vanity 
As, a ghost in her canopy 
Laughs 
Wait till she gets a load of Me literally 
 
Niggas Bleed 
 
Today's agenda I'll fuck, someone of the same gender 
Nah fuck that I'll eat your mom's baked placenta 
Met the bitch on Tinder 
She, told me that her name was Tilda 
So. I fucked her til da break of dawn 
Rode, the whip down to the Cinnabon 
Ordered. Twelve rolls ate them shits on the way home 
Pulled the AK out shot a nigga in the dome. 
You ain't got minutes on these streets for you to fucking rome 
Knuckles. In your gut, I hit the fattest blunt 
Today's great, but I'm staying noided cause. I want 
5-0 crawling'round my crib 
Peaking through my window as I eat, my cheesesticks 
They can eat my fucking dick for all. I care 
Bitches fuck me for my money, not because of what I wear 
Rubbing through my wallet while they're running through my hair 
Shit. I guess it's fucking time to hit this bitch like a snare. 
Thank God, I'm rare 
I, don't hear what all you niggas say: 
I'm only'bout two things: fucking puss and getting paid 
Pull your bitch by her braid when she say no 
I say Why you here. If you know what I came for 
Lay low from the passing police, 
Hey yo, Lil Smegma, why you never pass the weed 
Then, some other nigga tried to creep up on me, 
Hope and pray to God. I don't make this fuck nigga bleed!
 
