Satir(e)day Night Lyrics
by QJ Of Vaudeville.

Satirday Night

Now get down with your bad self
Little bit, intoxicated now. If you can't tell
Try to stay in tune with this world, but we can't well
At least we got them dancing in our palms, like they're handheld
Heart would light a candle beating to the music from the speakers
Strobe lights. Obscuring the darkness, with their features
Just, a bunch of moving shadows, all in sync on the dance floor
Turn to humans. Every second, not much you can ask for
Shades on for no reason feeling like an outsider
I don't fit in, but I'd still pull an all-nighter
People at the bar. Only hipsters and fake chicks
Phones up with flash on smile as they take pics
Only thing they're here for instagram marathon
Hashtags, double tramp stamp over a pair of thongs
Or lack thereof. What'S there to be scared, of
Cause, it's only saturday night, not gon na let up uh

Saturday Night
Feel like I might be going blind
Vision filled with so many lights
Everybody's out of their minds

Don't feel like I belong at all
But I'll stay and enjoy my time
It's. What I wanted all along
So I'll act like everything's mine
Let's, do this

Ooh feels good yeah. We got you baby
Ooh feels good yeah. We got you baby
Ooh feels good yeah. We got you baby
Saturday Night Saturday, Night

Why'd, you even come to club. If you were just gon na sit in the corner, and
text 
Yeah, I know it's not my scene, either
The only reason I'm on the wall is to take a breather from all the craziness
I'm, a club life underachiever
But you're, a downright drop out
So. I guess we'll both stand in the back and watch the cool people socialize
You and me a rare breed. We see the world with open eyes
Bourbon in my system. I don't feel the need to mobilize
I just go with it. I can see that everything's wrong
Teen movie bullshit, popping Molly Ringwalds
Room, swaying back and forth shake hips sing, songs
Pump fists, take shots, no shoulder to lean on
Shouting over music language resembling Klingon
Girls DTF still want you to put a ring. On
Or lack thereof, 
what's there to be scared. Of
Cause. It'S only Saturday Night, not gon na let up uh

Saturday Night
Feel like I might be going blind
Vision filled with so many lights
Everybody's out of their minds

Don't feel like I belong at all
But I'll stay and enjoy my time
It's. What I wanted all along
So I'll act like everything's fine
Let's, do this

No. I don't want to dance. I just want to watch you
We're, both wallhuggers, but we still want to be here
Something's got ta, give ,'fore. We reach part two
You're. The only one I want to watch move know you want to
Just get animated. Like a cartoon. I know that part's true
We got ta, do it till the saints start to march through
Don't, be embarassed little lady yeah, I got you
Looks like the belly of the beast, but it's not boo
It's. Just a masquerade. I'M loving your costume
Or lack thereof. 
What'S there to be scared. Of
Cause! It'S only Saturday Night, not gon na let up uh
 
