Saving The Day Lyrics
by XEL.

I wake up like what's gonna happen.
Tell me what am gonna do when I'm done with rapping.
If you listen up closely you can hear thunder clapping.
But I never was the one that's laughing.
Matter fact a fun assassin.
Don't mind me, I'm inside of my tiny island.
I need silence no funds to cash in.
I need to get ahead need to start running fast then.
Feel the numbness lasting.
Put together every number wrong turning sums to fractions.
It's become too taxing.
So hard to be an artist when you got a hundred passions.
And they me for everything when it's all from the past tense, the past tense.
No accents it's just moi.
So angry wonder why I'm pissed off.
Cause they taking it too serious it's just thoughts.
And I'm watching my time no wrist watch.
But maybe they think I'm crazy.
Cause they all used to hate me.
No Kevin but was always spacey.
Those cowards that stabbed me in the back can't even face me.
That's alright, it's okay, no complaining.
I wonder when it's gonna be done raining.
So mundane and that suns scathing.
But I gotta go take care of myself.
And I already know you can't buy health.
These are the cards on the table that I delt.
Now I'm able to fly stealth.

I wake up to the same thing.
Everyday no changing.
So far that the fame seems.
Really not though try to maintain.
If I go the distance, I'll be fading away.
It's coexistence, and I'm not saving the day.

Aight tell me am I living healthy.
For trying to be wealthy.
This worlds so fake right now man.
These people even lie in they selfies.
Ain't supplyin' the help we, need.
Full of that greed and the bullets gone speed it'll melt me.
These words that I put together and they verge it the first time that I ever.
really felt free.
Ain't nobody gonna tell me, what I'm gonna talk about.
Faced lots of doubt.
Gotta watch the route but every single one of my thoughts devout.
And the memories of that man I tossed em out.
Locked in the box with no oxygen.
My soul can't escape it will not come out.
Guess you lost him now yeah you lost him now.
Love the music music, I don't know what to do with, do with this.
Move it prove it prove it you say that you putrid, stupid.
New kids on the block trying to live at the top but the dream that I got is.
lucid lucid who this who this yeah cause they bringing a little bit of.
trueness.
That's XEL I been around for a while.
Developing all of my sounds and my styles.
The stories I write can be found in them piles.
Living outside of my town couple miles.
No Louis Lane, whenever I fly in the coldest rain.
Think about the lies that he told his brain.
Do the best I can to try to hold this pain.

To the ones that had my back in the black room, through the evil and heavy.
rain.
But all I ever wanted was a piece of the petty change.
Yeah just a little piece of it.
I'm lookin' for the peace of mind though.
And you ain't even got no reach with no steady aim.
Everybody wanna be a thug or gangster now.
Then drugs will change ya pal, but everybody love the dangerous route.
I came the plug the drain to drought.
This little world that I'm trapped in.
Ask him something that doesn't have to do with rapping.
No action, that's when I gotta find a way back at them.
No superhero here.
Only reason that you thought you saw one.
Is when you stood near the mirror.
Panicking in my skin again the future's near I fear.
I'm looking for my accomplishments it's sad that I don't see much.
Man that's my only cuff.
Traveling past that lonely crush.
What about when they laugh and don't need us.
You gone have to hold me up.
Don't need that you don't need love.
Not only mad, and I'm gone erupt.
I never did to lie to y'all so why the fall.
Thought I was doing a good job felt mighty tall.
Looks like I really only had my pride and balls.

It's like everybody wants to be a superhero now, you know.
Wanna save the day.
But they're not ready to put on the mask yet.

