Say What You Want Lyrics
by The Wreckshop Family.


Ha-Ha-Ha yeah mayn, it's going down, 
Know, I'm tal'n bout. All you haters think a nigga 
Ain't gon get you come on now. You know us better than that fool 
We coming for you baby. We at you know I'm tal'n bout 
It's, going down A3 Wreckshop Noke D. D-Reck 
We gon hold it the whole family, uh-huh 
 
See. You can say what you want when you talk about me, 
Just make sho' that it's real. When you speak about me 
See, I don't wan na bring it to you cause. You can't stop me 
But. Everybody keeps saying my name 
See. You can say what you want when you hate me 
Just as long as you know that you can't play me 
On the real M-O-B till we through 
Yes. It can get done to you, 
 
A3 
We, some thug niggas running with macks and techs 
If. You try to flex I'll slug your neck 
With a beam for the spleen dropping dimes on my team 
Reality unseen, but the truth is ring 
Depend on me, like you. Do the cash 
Open, the Double R roof missing heat up in the stash 
With Noke D, on my side, with a 3-57 
D-Reck in the back fin to spit about eleven 
At, these niggas, I swipe in the game 
Broke niggas on the sweet to destroy our names. 
Understand to win you got ta, have a plan 
Take it like a man. Reck got the upper hand, 
And Noke D, putting the bass up in your back to make you wan na swing a Lac 
Until your rims get cracked or you sitting on flats 
So. You can get it, how you want it or take it. How I give it 
Either way, you gon feel it wrap it up and then seal it nigga, 
, 
Dirty $ 
Well. It'S that Mr. Dirty $ making hoe ass niggas holla 
When. I rain on your set, like April showers, 
In a hail of gun fire coward. What you gon do, 
Tuck your tail blaze, a trail and change your point of view. 
Your player points are few and far in between 
No mercy, retired jerseys, for talking down on my team 
Protect, our ghetto dreams by any and all means 
Cause. At the end of the day, all we bout is cream. 
You, blowing steam fool, but cool head's gon prevail. 
Say, what you want long as what you say, don't effect my mail 
We good understood, but I put this on the hood 
Once you cross that line you'll be lying in wood 
Shit. You really should lie low, like Moe 
I, get it done to you for little or no do', 
For real, so play the game. How it G-O go 
But when you out of your league have sense enough to know that 
 
D-Gotti 
Niggas in the gutter don't give a shit about you, 
When. We in the projects slanging bricks straight up out the Coupe 
Loved by a few hated by a lot of hoe, niggas 
And. I go bananas on a nigga bout, figgas, 
I figga. If I sacrifice one in the future 
So, the Penn can survive feeling stronger with the steel 
I'm trying to do a mill a minute, keep the car tinted 
No more thug. I represent it and I squabble go with it. 
Feel it in the finer thangs plus. I have you cry for change. 
Let me remind you. Mo'Fuckers. All I know is moving caine 
Came on your feet. You can leave on your back 
Stressed out on the future for lean on the mat 
Ain't, no slacking in my pimping. The ghetto is my dimension 
And. I steal me a bitch like the Grinch stole Christmas 
Viscous as a pit when he off the chain 
Some of the realest shit. I ever wrote up off the brain, see I'm saying 
 
Noke D 
You can say what you want to 
Just as long as you know who 
Run these streets and pack that heat 
And boys know we don't play no games, 
Kicking ass and taking names 
Want the Fortune fuck the fame 
We gon do what we want to 
Best believe we gon be around 
 
Ha-ha-ha-ha yeah man, 
It's going down
 
