Say Hello Lyrics
by Que (FreeMind).


I'm just a nigga from the south that want to rhyme.
Make sure money and not women where I spend my time.
Cause at the end of the day, a dollars worth more than dimes.
And when you get the dollars, the dimes come all the time.

So while you'll smoking, committing crimes.
I be reading you'll actions, long between the lines.
Watching how the media control your mind.
Its a shame and I swear that its never getting mine.

I'll always be the same as day one.
Writing and playing 2k how I always have fun.

Say Hello, To the cool guy, no I'm not the bad guy.
Just trying to come from the bottom to being mad fly.
L.A.M.E. that's the picture they paint of me.
They say a lot about me, let me tell you who I be.

Say Hello, To the cool guy, no I'm not the bad guy.
Just trying to come from the bottom to being mad fly.
L.A.M.E. that's the picture they paint.
They say a lot about me, let me tell you what I think.

Ain't the best rapper alive, but I'm pretty good.
Ain't lying in my lyrics to seem hood.
Ain't a fighter, but I wish a nigga would.

I ain't got five mil worth of chains.
Ain't never lived in the hood, and ain't pushing a Range.
I ain't robbing or snatching nobody chain.
You niggas ain't got the balls to say the same.
Nigga.

Pussy niggas ain't got the balls to say the same.

You ask who I am, I'm Q.U.E.
The dude who never rap bout the street or packing heat.
Don't talk about it cause I never really did it.
But the ones that lie about it is the ones you'll call the realest.

Excuse my intelligence I'm just a realist.
I don't talk it how I see it, I just talk it how I live it.
Talk it how I live it and just hope that you'll can feel it.
Like mom ma belt on your butt when you forgot to do the dishes.

Fresh kicks, but I never rock J's.
Cause I ain't try to be the same, I'm try to do better thangs.
So I could give to F's if you think I'm lame.
Cause while you'll worried bout that, I'm worried bout making change.

So drive slow nigga, stay in your lane.
Falashio ain't the only way I'm getting brain.
I'm 'bout that new while you'll old as John McCain.
I'm Superman you'll Lois Lane.

