Searching For an Angel Lyrics
by Yung Ro.


Yeah tried to get into my idealistic side 
Pain, you know still searching you know, 
I'm feeling the vibe. You know 
I guess I'm like every other person 
Searching for that woman that you ever saw again 
But rarely attain. I think I found her though 
 
, but ain't no angels on Earth. 
So I'ma ride this thang out and play the game for what it's worth .
 There ain't no angels on Earth; 
Why bother to search when hope to finds a gift and a curse .
 I know you ain't far away, 
If you. I could just talk to you. So many things I'd say: .
 You were my first girlfriend 
Still got that crazy, crush on you. Don'T want this thang to end 
 
Yung Ro 
I had a crush on you since eight. I always liked you 
But. I never knew the right words to speak to or write you 
You had me rocking a flat top to impress you boo, 
Kriss-Kross flip my pants backwards made. You think I was cool 
When. I was eleven. I grew courage to step and hug you 
But grown men and even lil' kids, all loved. You 
Mama told me not to kiss you, but she ain't want me to rap 
And. The only thing that I loved it wasn't loving me back. 
It wasn't a thing. I couldn't tell you or confess to you, 
And I'd, destroy any nigga trying to get to next to you. 
I was jealous, watching you giving it all. I had 
Even, though, that piece of paper and a dream was all I had 
One day. You gave me a chance and let a nobody speak. 
In return you made every man that I met. Respect me. 
You got a perfect memory. My words stuck in your head 

You, make me feel better bout myself. I didn't want you to stop it. 
You took me when I was depressed without a dime in my pocket 
Then, you gave me a profit and switched up the scenery, 
Now people wan na work with me, and they not being mean to me 
But. It'S not what it seem to be cause. Keisha and Trina be 
All in my face for greenery. I just wanted her sing for me. 
Now we done came this far. I never wanted to hurt. You 
But me and you together done created a bad circle. 
You know the fast life your chance for riches and spending 
Groupies would change your whole perspective. Judging bitches and women 
A sudden glitch in the system. Oh, how I miss the beginning, 
Switching to sinning. I pray to only get to the ending 
I guess the game got me: cold hearted avenging with fly aggression, 
With a shield scared to trust money, power for my protection, 
Got, a passion for purpose. So now I'm stressing I'm tired, 
Tell Mack, I'm resting! I'M tired with my success: steady, rising 
I got ta meet with so and so pack up hit the road and go 
And. People wan na know the difference between Yung Ro and Beau 
How his first acting role. He just came so real 
Easy Beau had cut Ro felt that pain for real .
 I looked at music like a bitch 
Cause. She with a lot of rappers cause. They say that they rich 
, to tell you the truth. 
Music. I wrote in this song just to say: fuck you .
 I looked at music like a bitch 
Cause. She with a lot of rappers cause. They say that they rich 
 and the ones that told the truth. 
She denied em, so music fuck, you g'eah, 
 
You, know everybody need somebody, you know 
Sometimes, you lie when you feel you got nobody. 
G'Eah huh, nobody g'eah
 
