Sentenced to Phrase Lyrics
by Wordburglar.

It feels good, like a masseuse soothing, the bruised spots, 
To rock – like you saw Medusa in a loose bra, 
“Ooo-rah ”. What can I say? I got that chutzpah 
While dudes falling off like glued straws on a Juice box. 
Dude stop Nah How bout I do. The exact opposite 
Stay building Need a place for all the props. I get 
While Haters frustrated like they can't get intercourse 

Hit the shores, We're on a mission to ensure 
That anyone living listening to this. Just isn't bored 
And tripping more than spliffs of magicians in Griffendor 
Opportunity knocks, but I like kicking in different doors. 
Skipping chores I'll, be telling your mother 
Take. U out like the American spelling of colour 
Line for line, you can never give my bars a pass 
Cause. I make'em all count like a kindergarten class, 
 
Give it a second let it enter your brain 
Break it down and explain just what can it contain? 
Til no question remains. I keep refreshing the game. 
With stylo, like a Frenchman, penning his name, 
It's Wordburglar. Your defendant. Today, 
Your honour go ahead – send in the case 
How. Do I plead I'm content with how I'm spending my days 
Guilty for life – and Sentenced to phrase, 
 
Ready, to spark to my last breath like a hoarder with match sets 
So. My Rhymes will always exist like the past tense. 
“That'S, dense, ”, Yeah call Ian Hanamansing 
I'm outta the park – like being banned from camping 
Doing. My damn thing since twelve or thirteen 
I'm the Wordburglar – you don't know what words mean: 
Like Etymologists getting Fs in Colleges 
Before. You rap Might wan na check your knowledges 
You're getting stupid like how humans charge for water 
Drunk off the lyrics cause my jargon's lager, 
Sgt Slaughter – my name is my job description. 
And not quitting my position like a mob physician, 
In it for life with or without the thousands 
Cause. My priority's only making dope albums 
So go grab ‘em and get down like a Talespin 
I got the best listeners – like a hearing aid salesman, 
 
Give it a second let it enter your brain 
Break it down and explain just what can it contain? 
Til no question remains. I keep refreshing the game. 
With stylo, like a Frenchman, penning his name, 
It's Wordburglar., Your defendant today, 
Your honour go ahead – send in the case 
How. Do I plead I'm content with how I'm spending my days 
Guilty for life – and Sentenced to phrase
 
