Shawty Wassup Lyrics
by Yung nation.


Smellin, like Dolce Gabana 
I, could probably hit ya baby mama 
Blowin on a pound of marijuana 
Presidential kush, I'm talkin Obama, 
Keep a lot of guns, I'm young Osama 
And. She give me brain good, honors 
Fast and the furious Brian O'Conner 
 
Oh. I don't give a damn about your man: shawty wassup 
Everyday we blow loud in this bitch 
Muthafucka burn up 
Game time shit. I can fuck you bitch by the buzzer 
After the show hit the hotel, no disturbance 
We on the top floor, hotel suite shawty, look up. 
We can have sex lets, get drunk. Do some kush ups 
Shawty wassup, 
Shawty, shawty, wassup, 
Shawty, wassup, 
Shawty, shawty, wassup, 
 
Blowing, on a pound of that fruity 
Ima young dog, no scooby 
I'm FINN make a Cinemax movie. 
Yo girl, give me ass. No cooties 
I'm Tryna have relations with yo booty 
Do. U wan na be miss fooly, I don't spit lies everything truly 
Girl do it feel wet, feel gooey 
Can. I shoot it like a oozie 
I, lock up her up like a bad juvie 
Beat, the pussy up. You gone sue me 
When. You want this. Dick Q me 
This a buffet, no luby's 
In the bed room. It get spooky 
I go alot of miles like booby 
Oh this right here too loud people take caution. 
He dont beef. He dont want plex. We will be boxing, 
I got heat, I got goons, we got options 
Move the party to the hotel naw. We ain't, stopping 
 
I, can wreck n that pussy. I got insurance. 
I ain't worried bout, your man cause. I got endurance 
And, you can come ride. This dick keep steerin 
Im sick. I need a doctor get to curin' 
Wassup bro 2 bitches. I got combos 
Talkin cash. We got bank rolls liftin weights, my pockets on swole 
We winnin, my team super bowl when we shop its by truck load, 
Shawty, shawty, yung, nupid, hotties hangin' with me. Thats, your hobby 
Skurr off in a Masarati do a trick on a dick, probably a ollie, 
Get money round the world bitch ain't, monoply 
Hit, the strip, dont tip, im, payin property, 
Money talks. You boys, mockery, JV, ass, nigga, im, varsity 
Oops, didn't shit on em. Pardon me 
Kill the pussy on the telly dont charge me 
, 
