She Go Lyrics
by ViZion.


Yea yo 
Yea: this is the life 
Straight up: 
246 
Yo 
 
I ain't, stepping out in cheap clothes, 
I ain't messing with no cheap hoes 
Keep it popping like the Cliquot 
And. She goes wherever we go: 
 
Chilling out in the sea player living life in paradise, 
With Ray Bans and a beach chair and model chicks who love the life 
Bad bitches never lie I'm on the wave call that the ride 
I'm coming in. Just like the tide, I'm a Virgo she's, a Gemini 
And. She said she we wan na roll. So I asked her the status 
And. She told me that her boyfriend is on vacation 
Can. She come and stay at the beach house down in Barbados, 
We're living young, wild, half famous 
I'm on the golden coast, feeling like I just made it 
Like, I put my hands into Hollywood's. Pavement 
When she's got no clothes drop it low, like basements 
This, is my swaggering motivation, 
 
Take her home and score. Just like a field goal 
Or like Figo or like a free, throw 
But, you got ta, keep it on the d-low 
And. She go wherever we go: 
I'm sticking to the g-code 
Keeping it a hundred like a c-note 
Huh. Oh yes, she know 
But. She go wherever we go. 
 
She follow. I follow back, got a DM 
Picked me up in a BM cause. Her pops is a GM 
No sleeping till I got 3 M's even on the weekend. 
She chiefing running the weekend. Well, I'm scheming. With my team and 
We screaming fuck the law. 
New girls, don't fuck with y'all 
Groupie. Girls need less of y'all. 
My pockets need more cholesterol, 
Blowing up blowing up 
Barbados, I throw it up. 
Missed calls don't answer. Phones 
But at my shows she be showing up 
Next girl. I met her remind me of my ex girl 
Said, all my tracks. I'M going hard 
Coming off like pet fur, 
Coming off Victoria Secrets, 
I'm stroking, ya, pool boy, I'm soaking, ya, 
She, Eva Longoria, 
 
Cruising on the south coast, 
I got my L. I let that leaf blow 
Go to hell and fuck an ego 
Cause. She goes wherever we go. 
 
I ain't give a fuck about em got my team, I'm good. Without em 
AR till I die it's AR till I die in a coffin, 
Coughing blowing o's and we bossing 
Radio we be locking big shit is popping 
And. The little shit is stopping stop it 
How they going stop rockets, I'm going up like a Martian 
I'm blowing up like a car bomb Im burning up like it's arson, karma 
Comes around like a marble so enemies. I do pardon 
I'm weeding out my whole garden. Cause jealousy is for assholes 
Plus. I know there's nothing. They can do about it when they see us out to
party 
'Til the morning with these barbies popping bottles get retarded 
Shining like Illuminati, but I'm not affiliated so kill yourself like
kamikaze. While we make it yea, 
 
Cruising on the south coast, 
I got my L. I let that leaf blow 
Go to hell and fuck an ego 
Cause. She goes wherever we go
 
