Shinjitsu Lyrics
by Xavier Wulf & Chris Travis.


Wulf Yeaa mane wassup, mane, 
Travis, Wassup nigga 
Wulf Got that sack my nigga Wassup bruh 
Travis Throw some up bruh 
Wulf This shit. This shit look good as a motherfucker. Bruh 
I can't even lie. 
 
Now Imma only speak the truth cause that's what I do. 
And you a lying nigga like you, ain't got the proof 
I'm sitting down in a room. You can't come into 
And. I got blades on the wall like a killin' fool. 
You. Think you tough, but that's what everybody do. 
Until a real nigga come through and create some tunes. 
I got problems everywhere, but you ain't one fool: 
You, a lame nigga and I'd leave before I kill you too 
I ain't trying to be mean, but I'm telling you 
I get crazy mane. I swing on accidental 
Apologizing ain't. Really what I like to do. 
I'M smoking weed just because that's what I got ta do 
I'm coming down with the eighth of my own shrooms 
They, take my brain up out the box and out of the room. 
Imma die one day, but I hope it ain't no time soon. 
But. When I do my nigga Imma be high as the moon, 
Bitch Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaan, 
 
Ahh Travis 
Wake, the fuck up, nigga 
Wake, ya, motherfucking ass, up, nigga 
Why, you sleep nigga! What'S the reason you sleep 
Because, you, tired Hm 
Because. You feel you can't do anything else. 
Chris-Fucking-Travis! Don'T get to comfortable 
Me, I'm loving white hoes, I call them bitches carnivores, 
Bitch fuck, you sayin', I'm so motherfucking, elegant, 
Lemonade and codeine, my dinner time, beverages, 
Fuckin', preachers, daughters, who claim to celibate 
Legs heavy gazing. I told ass gon na. Let me in 
Going in raw, I hope her daddy, don't be mad at me. 
But I got ta pull. I ain't tryna see her family 
I always do it look. Take ya money, gamblin' 
And! I call the dessert cramblin' 
Let me in ya house. I'M running threw that bitch ramblin' 
I don't even want to, but I got ta feed my family 
Always had a passion for this fucking rapping shit, 
Million middle fingers to the millions that doubt me. Bitch 
Ion give a fuck nigga, I'm my own scout Bitch 
Imma! Do what I got ta do to make it count: Bitch 
And, uh, *sneezes* FUCK, YOU BITCH, 
, 
Kenshin, Damn mane! I just blessed the track. 
I, just sneezed on that bitch 

Ion, give a fuck Imma. Keep that shit on there cause I'm a real nigga
 
Fuck nigga Bitch nigga Soft nigga 
Let's go 
Nigga. I just blessed the mother fucking track heavily nigga 
 
Wulf Kenshin, Damn why'd! You do them like that! Nigga 
 
Kenshin! I don't give a fuck nigga. This is how Imma do it. 
Imma do err'thang my mother fucking way: nigga 
I don't give a fuck nigga suck my DI-OCKK 
Imma talk my shit nigga You a bitch nigga
 
