Show'em What Crazy Is Lyrics
by The Undergods.


Come sit with me, I show you how I consistently 
Manifest multiplicity lyrically. If you can do the same, let me see 
If you can. Then you are not my enemy 
And. If cannot, then I must make you a better emcee 
Lets turn to page three, we'll start there, 
The contract says you got ta, have a thousand bars to spare 
You think this type of Hip Hop is one dimensional, but its not 
You, don't understand what I gave You you don't understand what you got 
I know you well, though, 
You think you can out rap me HELL! No 
Unknown till I step to the microphone 
Canibus turn this shit into a crisis zone 
Automatically the sharpest at it. This just practice: 
Canibus/Keith Murray, I'm a shark. He, the savage 
Satellite rappers, delight we battle for the mic: 
In a condo bench, pressing bags of brown rice, 
The, modern day'Hip, Hop Hooray', 
From, Jacque, Demolay, spitting lyrics. On top of the 808 
They used to call me a mental case 
But one day, men will say he immigrated beyond Heaven's gate, 

In a race to a billion bars. What if you could get there? First 
He had guns attached his guns, where black 
Stuck heads to thumb tacks placed on a wall sized map. 
This is not sorcery. This is just a lyrical part of me. 
My artistry, please pardon me 
So. I can watch satellites comb over the Earth, 

From the Flora to the Fauna slaughtered in absence of water, 
Bis and Murray. This is UnderGod horror, 
, 
Undergod, horror, Show'em. What crazy is 
Undergod horror Show'em? What crazy is 
Undergod horror Show'em? What crazy is 
Undergod horror Show'em? What crazy is 
It's a hard job, but somebody got: do it 
It's a hard job, but somebody got do it? 
 
Come sit with me. Canibus and Keith Murray 
Ain't shit been this sick. Since the legalization of Christianity 
Mentally, I explore universally there's. No boxing me in 
I rock with Martin Luther-bility, 
Me and Bis, might be 
The two sickest scientist, emcees probing the galaxy 
I know why you don't like me. I get love from your wifey 
I get dumb like E-40 might change my style, hyphy 
Come dance with the stars and get bullet scars 
Fuck At 
