Show and Prove Lyrics
by Sweet Tee.

Right here is the place for you to get yours 
Those, who can't wait, pause 
Listen to the fly bassline and kick drum. 
You can't hear it Then throw a tantrum 
And to make sure 
All the people in the place will know 
This music. Listen to the way. I choose it: 
My talent, no I'll, never lose it. 
See everyone applaud and get to it. 
No one ever try to diss or boo it 
How. Could they anyway. 
With me on the mic and my DJ on the cuts: hey 
She's sharp, like a dart or cleaver 
DJs. I suggest you leave her 
Be. Oh I see I got ta make my move. 
You wan na hang with us Then show and prove 
 
You got ta. Show and prove 
 
Show and prove I'll, prove and show it 
Whenever Tee's on the mic. You know it's 
Got to be the moment that you were gon na 
See somethin', really spectacular, 
I'm pure, like a thoroughbred faster than a stallion 
Bad in German, Swedish or Italian 
Cherish. The mic, the way a kid with crayons 
I reach the soul like in a séance 
Paid to rock around the clock and knock your sock 
Hip hop down until your ass drops. 
This song is on so sing along 
When. You think I'm out of breath. I'Ll still be rockin' on 
You want a rhyme I'ma feed. You like a hog 
Devour the lines just like a dog 
I'm talkin' to you so get with the groove 
What. I'M ready to do is show and prove 
 
I'm gon na show and prove 
 
Get out my pad I'm on a rampage 
Grab all your stuff and clear the damn stage, 
I sound stronger than a bottle of gin straight 
Out, the box, I'm packin' em in When 
I just snap, it just start, rappin' 
Hear your beat tappin' hands, start clappin' 
Now. Here'S some more def grammar to relate to 
No punctuation needed I'll
go straight through 
Pack. It up hit you harder than a phaser. 
My voice will tranq you. The beat will raise you 
Off the floor off your chair, while you're there 
Raise your hair I'll, have you floatin' on it? 
The S-W, double-E, double-T 
Pack'em up to the balcony 
When the show starts, hear them yell for me. 
Don'T get frustrated. If you can't see, 
Don't need a telescope to tell this code 
Prosthetic forget it just yell, it's dope 
Cause! It'S due the beat is too smooth. 
Can you swing with this Then show and prove 
 
I wan na see you show and prove 
You got ta got, ta got, ta, show and prove 
You got, ta got ta, show and prove
 
