Purple City Byrd Gang Lyrics
by Purple City.

2 macks strapped to the lips Now rapidly spit
In the belly, the beast: it's Shiest Bub, I bury'em
These actions. We Hurried'em bastards. We burried'em
It's on my arm wit' that shit
Hundred' g's on the ride Gun at me. When I drive
Niggas I ain't worryin Send shots an they scurryin'
4 ki's. When the cheddars in
Hardbody That Purple City Byrd Gang
For your moms put a bomb in her whip
Dipset that Purple City Byrd, Gang

Thats us that Purple City Byrd, Gang
Thats us that Purple City Byrd, Gang
Yo them macks, I got them stashed. In the trench
Catch me Ot, maybach wit', a bitch
I cop shotties, the noses I chop'em, off
Jim Jones
Nod you head cash in your whip
When. I pull up and pull out. All your gon na hear is WORD TO THE 5
2 bad brazilian bitches wrappin', my spliffs
Its Purple City. In this bitch you heard man
It ain't tellin' me peace, I'm bout to melt'em with heat
Yea nigga. You know whats gon na happen
The, big body. You know the top come off
Empty clips 2 when I'm havin a fit
Yea its word to the byrd, its jones on a roll
2 guns. I ain't havin' that shit
Yo it's Shiest, Bub yea. You know I'm a veteran

Diplomat purple city, better honor, that shit
Thats word to the Byrd thats to the Byrd. Gang
Now, be all eyes
We, be them guys
Gun. On me, when I ride
Yea we poppin' Cop
Just, get ya' health and just creep
Cause' that envy jelly the street niggas get delt on the street


It's, the crome to your soul. Let'Em blow there, they go
Got the crack stash
 { *GUNS CLAPPIN* } 
in, the van
Thats us that Purple City Byrd, Gang
I'm hard body. Lord knows I got the four
They be wonderin' where the car and her went On some arsenal. Shit

City Byrd Gang

Hardbody That Purple City Byrd, Gang
Shiest Bub
Shout out to melly and zeek
Thats us that Purple
You fuckers Now knock it off the drama, then pop it off
Feins knockin' at the door, Go ahead: nigga, let'em in
Thats for them ice cream, niggas
2, Byrds, strapped to they hip Purple seats. Lavender 6
Pull up with the a-k, an lite them cream, niggas

Dipset that Purple City Byrd Gang
You up next, my nigga, just let those cartridges spit
10th grade. I was a boss of these letterman
Hundred' thou' just to wrap up the wrist
Un-Kasa
Jim Jones is the capo of this
 
