Sickkaluffa Lyrics
by 3X Krazy.

Sickkaaa lufffaa Sickkaaa lufffaa 
Sickkaaa lufffaa 3xkrazy gon na bump it 
 
Drinkin' on a 4-0 ounce of malt liqua Lex coupe quicka 
5 on the back of my ride, think I'm high checkin my plates and sticka 
But. If they don't ride. Paasss me 
Lil voice. In my head, sayin hit the gas G go fastly 
Through the back streets through the cuts, n trucks of East Oakland, 
You, see pimpin and ho-in. L-E-O got the dank smokin' 
These pigs. On the back of my lex ain't, knowin 
The way, my dollars and flex is flowin. I guess they came up. Charlie 
Cuz, the rode right pass and I kept ridin' bumpin Bob Marley 
To the shop to get my top dropped, pine and stereo incredible, knock. 
You. Could here me comin all the way up the block 
Cocaine like sittin on thangs with shocks, 
With a Glock bet I'll, be hittin; yo block 
Packin heat like ground beef, roasted channels, strapped with a gat 
Juss, packed with ammo neva, pretend on breakdown, indo 
Throw the'bacco out The window flowamatically countin c-notes, 
Automatically, countin people, hit'em up get'em, up bumpers, dig'em up 
Hit'em up wid a hollow tip till they can't feel shit. Man, I'm so sick, 
 
It could be so artificial. Juss, like a potna off the stokes 
Toke and get thrown before you get smoked by my Fo' Fo' 
Hollow point yo, 0's and families with the casualties began. The show was on 
Had. It been my 4 percent, as I loc one in provoking ya whole set with mess. 
So scandalous that ya homies didn't do shit 
Blow his candle look. Can ya handle this 
Nigga at 145? Miracle dipped with chemicals and bury ya minerals, half alive 
Energized by naked lies douse that between fuse, these niggas be payin, they
dues 
But, some niggas roll'em and cruise. So I stack'em and stick'em in twos 
Like bullets. Let the bodies refuse so they pick and choose 
At the house with a strap and a bottle of booze intention to get my cash on 
Exception, I'm still blastin'em. With the 44 mag-a-num yo, who was out there
crackin'em 
I, don't kno, he was supposed to go its crazy mothafuckas in the o, 
 
 Keak da Sneak 
Strapped with a tech and a chop to the nutty block to get a dub 
Cuz furly markets and my nigga. They don't got love for yo nigga name sneak 
Cuz. I beez servin off ridin with ease feelin, the breeze 
25 for sacks of 3's Hennessey and squeeze not thinking about 5-0 and freeze 
Cuz. I be G'd and don't like my dick to be teased. Bitch on yo knees, 
The F to the L-O type speakin, never said, please slappin'em silly 
And, not a gentleman like willy sockin, a ho buckin at her nigga with my fully 
The shit goes down like a 7-4 in the O. Now? U kno the fact from fo 
Buckin fast, not slow, cope with willin to hit the chest and hit the flo' 
Disgrace unload on yo face with the clenched fist, Hennessey sippin, gradually 
And thinking about a casualty that killa don mentality in me and comin
naturally 
Turn yo day Into a tragedy, buck up and watch him drop with the gravity 
Had to be 3 times flow, 9 brutalized, mind naked off a shrine and a jug of Rhine 
And can't even walk a straight line: ... .Doin the shit pullin licks on lick 
Cuz, these three mothafuckas From the town is comin with that crazy shit, 
 
