Simmons Incorporated Lyrics
by Run-D.M.C..

Dig Dast { Gold D, } 
Yo, my nigga Jamel Simmons, what the deal nigga, 
, 
, { Aight, what's goin on, what's goin on 
What's the deal pa where you headed son, }, 
, 
, {, Word, } Ain't, he a Reverend now collectin plates 
At churches and Shit 
 
Uh-huh, 
, 
Jamel, Simmons, 
I'm, red rum, Reverend Run brother son earthquakin, 
Industry shakin, you kiddin me. We money makin, 
Your money, fake son, I'll call you clay cause you get's Play-Doh 
Jamel and Joey Simmons holdin millions on the lay low 
Platinum hailos hero heads high from hydro 
Hit, the dime on the combo. She try to diss my rhyme flow 
She ain't know. We only glamorous like Phat Farm fashion, 
Simmons name sinamous wit, this cash 
It's, our passion ..., What 
 
Run 
Yo? Basically I'm here to rename rap it ain't rap, no more 
Call. It Simmons Incorporated since'74 
Lotta money in this fam think about it. 
Me wit, Run-D. M. C. and him over at Def Jam 
Well, damn how the hell you think we livin 
How, you think it feel to be a Simmons 
Imagine Christmas and Thanksgiving 
People wan na know why I ain't on my brother's label 
If. I did this whole rap game, be unstable, 
Went over to Arista wit, Mr. Davis, for the change of neighbors 
It's, only fair that we share those naked papers. 
You can tell a cat serious about rap and it ain't luck. 
If, 20 years after his first single, his name's stuck 
From'74 to'99 did novice to king wit, a million 
Mc's waitin in line 
Keep a barrel on this album. If my man's and them rise, 
 
Method Man 
Now speed it up. Uh 
 
Run really make ya wan na drop, drop, 
Now wan na make ya, go, live, live 
Now, wan na make ya, go, live, live 
Now, hold up, 
 
Method Man 
Now. I walked on ice and never fell. 
I spent my time in a plush hotel, 
John-John Phenomenon deadly, but calm 
Word to my born dead by dawn. 
Got. The right to bear arm ring the alarm: 
Another sound boy, dyin, hot irons, 
Slugs flyin out the hardware appliance 
Baby, mamma, cryin, sobbin and grievin 
You was at aws wit them kids till they made it even 
Let down ya guard. Yes, you did now you barely breathin 
To unaware open season on a duck. We don't give a what 
Yo best best to give it up 
Sho. Indeed, let's Run D's mc's, they phony 
Some hump free. They mad bogey 
Saddle up ya horse. If the sunset mosey 
Jam Master Jay, deserve a trophy for this track right, 
Futuristic G past type, if that's yo, girlfriend 
She wasn't last night punk little boy, 
Stylin, mad chump ain't, no wins here. 
This sport's extreme know what I mean: 
Gettin royalty Down With the King, 
 
D., M. C. 
Crack crack cracks in the cradle 
Cracks in the cradle 
Cracks in the cradle cokes in the spoon 
Little Boy Blue higher than the moon 
Will. He will. He want a weapons. Will he wanted the wound 
I come to school and lay down the rules? 
Two two two channel empty guzzle, brake gallons of drop, 
Shorty wit the forty once sport in the dark 
Co-co-corner black as a goner 
Didn't, really wan na call my momma in Savannah 
 
Mike, Ransom, 
I, spit dynamite, ignite turn off lights, 
Recite spit poetry, type get my Squad physically hype, 
Get a hundred blast from Funkmaster crush ya life 
 Blast Time to go now, show these fake rappers the way to go down 
Down With The Kings like Smokey, down wit, Motown, 
Who, wan na, come and see, come and test me 
Take about a Million mc's to wet me, 
For Run-D., M. C. I let shells fly freein the five 
Wit, the red eye, niggas talkin to much 
Tape'em up, leave'em hog, tied 
, 
Kenny Cash, 
You thinkin about it way to hard how to get down wit. The Gods 
Kenny Cash, the Bronx cat, but it'll ride, wit, gats 
Peep, chicks, huggin, the sacks yours scratchin, the back 
I'mma shark, in a shack y'all cats is feedin. The fish 
Now hate and feed wit clips nigga that leave you ripped 
And, I'm leavin'em dry shit's, crushed wit, bleadin lips 
Bet. I leave these chips and a C. L. K 
After. I hang plaques in the spot, wit Run D and Jay 
 
