Skrong Lyrics
by Yung Gleesh.


Back in the day used to get paid for butter.
But now we rob niggas cause it pays you better.
Don't trust your brother cause when they get fed up.
Federal sentence then your ass get set up.
Don't trust that shit cause that shits a get up.
Wait for the club till the gogo let up.
Ten dollars better get your North Face wet up.
Soon as I touch down I make the work go head up.
Head on skrong I make the work make long.
Work made off I work the first make your head up.
Work game skrong it didn't take me long.
I got the same jewelry on whatever color your thong.
All on my arm like she seen me perform.
I got that Southside flow like I came from the farm.

All on my dick I think they should all drink spit.
There's a hundred bitches front of here you waitin' and shit.
If it's five hours later make you wait and sit.
I'm a womanizing bastard nigga I ain't shit.
Ain't nobody gonna try and BasedGod me.
And knock my shit out and put my shit on the TV.
I'm toting my demo wherever you see me.
And that's gonna be one hell of an evening.
A 10 for 10 a blind man.
I'm walking like Stevie.
And trynna put my shit together won't be that easy.
Calicos with extra hoes my gun need breathing.
Holes in your body then you stop breathing.
Feds on my ass boy but I'm not briefing.
The morgue or the precinct what you thinkin'.

Goodness Gleetchie goddamn it's geetchie.
Gleetchie it's been a pleasure to meet me.
I met your girlfriend then the bitch started geekin'.
Order a hundred pounds before my block start weefin'.
It's all on me a shopping spree for the weekend.
I'm maxing out cards I'm Luciano I'm cheating.
I'm shopping without my girlfriend.
Tell my girlfriend I'm cheating.
I run up in the house and tell her I'm not leaving.
For no apparent reason well now we beefin'.
I'm at her house she at the Four Seasons.
East end ease in cause I won't go easy.
She teased them and pleased them then cut of his knees.
I work the work just to feed 'em.
Yung Gleesh man Yung Boog and Yung Gleetchie.

