So Fresh Lyrics
by 57 Pixels.


Blasting mags inside during your church's mass.
Nothing and no one can compete with what we're throwing yes.
Because we're so damn fresh, so damn fresh.

I'm so fucking tired, and I swear after this week I'll be fired.
A liar I should keep my mouth closed with pliers.
Air liners and private boats is not what I envision.
But rhyming strong and peoples beats is what I've been killing.
Money is cool but its not really an asset.
There are some obstacles that I still haven't passed yet.
I feel like the dummy that undergoes crash test.
No hate towards me with 57P stitched on my flat chest.
Who you looking for Roni? That's ProXy.
You want to see her? Hell nah, g. Stop please.
She's been by maybe, you hate me?
I'm the one that started the E.N.I.A.C.
It's crazy, what matters most in our lives.
People are shouting Praise me, when they haven't done anything right.
A lady half naked with her ass shaking in the past maybe was the number one.
prize.
But lately life's been on some slick strict bullshit.
Making me want to put a piece to my face and use the full clip.
I stopped drugs but this is something I would hit.
I don't like this, a moment that isn't priceless.
Two crowns for the couple in front is what I want for Christmas.
I'm incisive, with a sensitive touch, King Midas.
Hey mom and dad are you proud of me yet?
Proxy.
I'm not as cowardly yet.
57 Pixels.
You always frown at me 'cept.
Both.
When I act the way you always pushed me to be.
ProXy.
Did I not intrusive-a-ly.
57 Pixels.
Show you how crucially free.
I am now that I'm becoming happy again.
ProXy.
Smiling and laughing and then.
57 Pixels.
I remember back in time when.
I was told I could be whatever I wanted to be.
And spitting raw flows is basically nothing but me.

This is a new generation.
Me and 57P on a badass collaboration.
Jules stood up and formed us.
But I created the name you'll soon know trust.
Pretty soon well be playing at every concert venue.
And be at the top of your dinner menu.
Try our shakes, for damn's sake.
We''e better than February 5 with some pancakes.
But for real though, we go hard on every single flow.
So now, woah that hit sent me to Mars yo.
On this track I'm feeling lucky try and touch me.
But it's not new when someone says, Fuck me!

Blasting mags inside during your churches mass.
Nothing and no one can compete with what we're throwing yes.
Because we're so damn fresh so damn fresh.

