Sofa King Lyrics
by The 3rd Kind.

Prod. by Danger Mouse 
, 
 Jakk, The Rhymer 
Passionate rappers get casketed with no remorse 
Was, holding my spot till after it show them off 
Sworn by your sword behind them. A trail of slain amateurs, 
The pen, packed with coke and cannabis when he handle scipt 
The rhetoric reflects off they teaching the probably 
Underrated nah they the problem they region 
Season. The spoken word: that's the kind, elevated 
From dope to complex from and context 
With an ridged flow 
So. My shit's, designed to stretch check my 
Lines and text, be like nines and techs 
F airplay The Kind get divine respect 
Said. It took some time crafting this God's gift, 
Roller-coaster ride emergency break to train wreck 
Uh, but from that emerged, greatness, 
Attention was well underpaid, like a blank check. 
They base steps off of history's past tracks, 
They wonder how we make leaps and bounds without looking back 
Bound to be greatness. We studied from the best of them. 
You must be irrelevant to question this intelligence 
Lift off rip raw best, acknowledge from you and your's 
More. Sleepy hollow than hollow tips, 
Come on joe, you really have got to be kidding 
Waiting to blow up. We giving them mannerisms 
Quit with the remedies and the rhythms and the writtens 
I be kicking. This be lyrical ammunition, 
, 
Yo peep. The rhyme used to do this. Leisure time 
Redefine every define, writing easy lines: 
First amendment lethal coerce of pennmanship, 
With or without a pen. I proceed to exert my excellence, 
I'm excelling, with more rhymes than rugged cats, 
Without holding a duffle bag or busting caps, 
You fronting man I'ma. Do it until my lungs collapse 
I'm going way ahead of my time, 
 
You, really thinking you ahead of me: dude 
, your shit was dead. Before I stepped in booth 
If, there was a competition excused them from condescending 
But. I have been kinda expecting some tension from my contenders, 
And least: what's left of them, 
Cause many men have been turned into excrement, 
Huh regurgitate rappers 
And, just an amateur. If you worthy of battling 
I'm crossing out names with an asterisk 
The mic check is like a vi-script to crack your lips 
I, give a for the word play: 
Along with a bag of ice and a first aid, 
Won't believe he's underage and he's that ill 
But. You will surprised by the range of this cat's skill 
Come on homie, get a clue. 
Spitting a written indivual 
Showing of what my pen will do would get rid of you 
5 words. I am so fucking lyrical
 
