Solitary Confinement Lyrics
by Voli.


Nouveau Classique, Omen.
Check it, I saw my life flash before my eyes.
And I was nearly blinded, alone at the top.
Solitary confinement, yea solitary confinement.
All alone I'm about to blow, clear the sinus.
Shoot, reminiscing on my college days.
Marijuana, old e, lemon lime powerade.
Hit class, hour late, get back, marinate.
Lure honey ova with a big glass of Alize.
Double take with a whip lash, model shape.
I work her out and give her protein powder shake.
Simple days I appreciate them well.
Have you ever felt you're meant for something greater than yourself?
Man, never believed in no religion.
But the way I bless the track like a priest or a reverend.
Does it mean I go to heaven?
You should lock me in a booth.
Went from red label, black label, Johnny Walker Blue.
To that single malt 62 Dalmore.
I only drink it neat though, Voli think in deep flows.
Those other iTunes you might as well delete those.
Bet I take you to a higher level like a cheat code.

Nouveau Classique, Glass doors, look at me closely.
You see the signs of the pain in my eyes.
I remain petrified and afraid that I'll lie in the grave with no pride to my.
name.
Hope I die with a claim that I shined.
As a king and that I lived a life of passion.
Now will I see beyond the fame.
When those camera lights are flashing.
I don't know, will I change? Probably so.
You can ask Lady Gaga see that fame is a monster.
But to the ones who support I'll take you with me to glory.
And hm to the ones who never paid attention, I'm sorry.
These rappers tryna ride, looking like some stowaways.
That new trash ain't touchin my old throwaways.
Trini boy, six three, tall drink of water.
She tryna check my package out like a shipment order.
She on her knees like she praying, diocese.
I can eat long as kitty's hair short, Siamese.
No sex less we both in it for the long haul.
Otherwise they tryna trap a brother like an arm bar.
I'm all alone in this four cornered hole.
With that big city more than fifty miles down the road.
I was chasing my dreams now I jog steadily.
How can I lose the race with my whole life ahead of me?

