Soul Diggin' Lyrics
by Vita Et Mors.


Soul-Searchin' soul diggin', whatever you want to call it 
Walkin' gettin' mind off thoughts. I can't befall them: 
Immortal artist, spittin', catharsis above the darkness, 
Above the sun. I am the farthest steppin' in I am Colossus. 
Said forget about emotions. I tend to use my heart. Less 
I am not heartless just stay
chillin' on the surface 
Lookin' for purpose prophets lookin' for some profit is a contradiction
 
Reckless rappers lack description in they rhyme depictions 
Who could blame em' Fuck the profit 
Wisdom-gossipin' unh, I'm stoppin' in philosophin' 
Belong to no place straight goin'. Machiavellian steady yen 
Fade to the light like a chameleon, 
Deep, breathin', nice dreamin'. Why stay seekin' this meanin' 
Why stay greivin' over shit. You don't wan na get caught in 
I be believin' in some shit. I really want to fight for 
 
Thought. I lost my soul. Been searchin' for another 
Diggin' in reality, stormin' through the thunder 
Sometimes. I just sit here and just wonder 
Sometimes I just here and just wonder: 
Thought I lost my soul, been searchin' for another 
Diggin' in reality, stormin' through the thunder 
Sometimes. I just sit here and just wonder: 
Sometimes I just here and just wonder: 
 
, Vita Et Mors 
Truth or truth and you're playin' with the one and only 
When the mask comes off and then you start sayin' 
What really clutters your mind and then you start Prayin' 
That, you could get some direction. You'Re just star. Gazin' 
Look 
I been down this path more than once before 
I'm bull headed. So you know that it's been once or more 
Tell me. How could you respect another man's opinion 
Knowin' that they guy is more fucked up than you are 
Ah 
And? You wonder why I'm stubborn 
I'm more intelligent than motherfuckers, who are double 
My age so when they try to put me in my place, 
I'm not rebellious, but I will call a spade a spade. 
I will disrespect, I will innovate. 
I will look inside myself. I will believe that I will succeed. 
And if my mind state shall get me into trouble. 
I'Ll look inside my own soul. Just pass me back. The shovel 
Vita 
 
 Vita Et Mors and Negrostotle 
Thought. I lost my soul, been searchin' for another 
Diggin'. In reality, stormin' through the thunder 
Sometimes, I just sit here and just wonder 
Sometimes I just here and just wonder 
Thought I lost my soul, been searchin' for another 
Diggin' in reality, stormin' through the thunder 
Sometimes. I just sit here and just wonder: 
Sometimes I just here and just wonder
 
