South Of It Lyrics
by XEL.


Uh oh.. uh uh, uh, uh ohh.. Uh oh... Shit....
This one's about to be pretty ridiculous...
So.. let's do it.

See I wake up every morning on no chill.
Fight away my demons, gotta po' pills.
Shit, everybody claiming they be so ill, but got no skill.
Now they road kill.
And I'm Rogue still, do it for the town.
Trying my waters, then you are gonna drown.
Plants in the pack and they move it by the pound.
Kill the trap game too, cause you ruining the sound.
Let X get up on that track bitch.
Ya'll necks are gonna get snapped quick.
And I'm killing the game in this villainous lane.
And my skills are insane, ain't no checks that come with that wack shit.
I'm the best and ya'll need some practice.
No respect for ya'll ya can't match this.
I'm a veteran whenever that record spin expected to come through with axes.
The best in Topeka then we shall go see.
Put a rack on the table if they outflow me.
Nobody on my level where the clouds low.
And the loud dro we ain't dogs eat Alpo G.
Fuck ya'll, and ya'll family too.
Don't blame me that's what insanity do.
Hearing XEL like can it be true?
This alien shit and I land with my crew.
Back on my bullshit put em in the middle again.
Riddle is in, got the alkaline flows shoudln't fiddle with them.
Live with the sin, mixing up strange thoughts in a bottle put the liquid to.
skin.
And everybody wanna play the game but they don't do shit.
I will never live another way I'm so exclusive.
Grabbing up another bottle man we gotta move quick.
Riding through the hood, bumping all my new shit.
My therapist thinks that I'm really boutta lose it.
Pain killers in my body really like it's Lupus.
One flew over the cookoos nest and he use two techs.
But you're bout to get your roof flipped.
So tell me why you act so stupid.
Everybody here already know that I'm ruthless.
The king of the game when I'm inking the pain.
And you knew this.
You knew this, man life is beautiful rude bitch.
But I'm telling you now that she useless.
I'm Don Maroni, you got too much hubris.
Life is a movie like Stanley Kubrick's.
People in the back got the grams and q bricks.
I never gave a shit so I can't give two shits.
Real assassin like Brutus.
12s turn ya block to some mothafuckin' toothpicks.
I'm a monstrous force that stomp in ya doors.
And I'm really not a wise guy who is?
Ya'll start on that shit that I'm through with.
Go from relaxing then there's reaction.
It's just me captain I'm a speed past em.
They ain't ready for the mood switch.
Get smacked and stomped in.
Like Action Bronson my bottle full of Blue Chips.

I ain't radio ready I'm bout this shit.
Try step in my lane and yo' mouth get split.
I'm killing the flow cause I'm Alfred Hitch.
You say in Hell, well I'm South Of It.
X2.

Yeah you mad at me you ain't amount to shit.
I'm the real deal, and y'all the counterfeit.
Top City anybody rock with me, where the blocks gritty, and they not pretty.
Flow mountainous.
Ya can't top this, and I'm always in the topics, nah I mean the top picks,.
bitch watch this.
I'm off in the cockpit back on my Google Fiber Optics.
And you are microscopic.
Always be X I ain't changing the flow.
Whether it's boom bap or the trap shit.
Doesn't even matter I'm a danger to both.
I'm the new Lizard King and I came in the do'.
Quit complainin' you ho, I ain't even try to chop yet.
Top vet in this shit right here, everybody looking at me like they saw the.
Loch Ness.
Man I'm all about progress.
Now everybody wanna do whatever they will never get a head of me but I lay em'.
in a coffin.
Killing every pattern when I put em all together with the cleverness I'm.
Everest and everyone is dropping.
So tell me why you talking? man I'm moppin the brains stopping the games.
Everybody copping the chains, but they crossing my lane.
And the toxins I got in my veins, would put you in the ground with a box with.
the chains.
Lost in the rain.
This Kansas weather but I'm a stand forever.
Just watching it change.
Shit someday, be adopted by Strange.
I done told ya'll, that I'm bout this shit.
You in the killing fields like John Malkovich.
C4 in the yard, blow the house to bits.
You say in Hell, well I'm south of it.

