Speedin' Lyrics
by Sweetness.


Close your eyes, find peace, find silence.
I close my eyes and all I see is violence.
Corporations making billions and our people being made pliant.
Leaders being tyrants.
And idols becoming fraudulent.
To society I think it's time to look at our reflection.
Dreams getting interrupted like Interception.
Just go back to the good old days, I think that's just perception.
To go back in time, I think that would be the most deadliest invention.
Man is just playing god, who knows what the future may hold.
Man, It feels like yesterday I was only 8 years old...
Went from readin books to watching the news.
Traded the Capri Suns in for a case of brews.
Life went from don'ts to do's.
People being utilized to people being used.
Loved women into women abused.
Boys with stacks of books into adults running with the crooks.
Go from being on top of the world to just getting by.
While Businessmen out there on drugs; buying low and selling high.
Kids getting' bad grades because they are too busy tryin' to stay fly.
Try to take off but their minds are too heavy, Rest in Peace Aaliyah.
Now it's blood, sweat and tears just to give rise to an idea.
And people treatin' each other so bad, I can't even stand it.
Rodney King, you wouldn't believe me unless you got it candid.
They killed that kid on the street corner, do you know who planned it?
Livin' life like a game, who would have thought a King could get cornered by a.
couple pawns.
For our dead president we out here tryin to get our Jack Ruby on…
The legends above, they keep the fire burning inside, the farthest thing from.
gone.
It's amazing to see the people you meet when you kick it with a Don.
No Corleone, just a person to his generation who is leadin'.
Life is just speedin'.
I swear they make it seem like a race.
People wreckin' each other just to get to 1st place.
I just want to slow down, break bread, say grace.
If it wasn't for music, I think I would have lost pace.
This fast life is a killer, so If I ever go down, give me CPR through the bass.

But there ain't no stopping us now, better keep the faith.
Death stares at us all, only thing to do is look back in the face.
I've been Rickey Henderson to this game, who's tryin to keep pace?
Just ridin around like Training Day, tryin to find my place.
Just dreamin about checkin bags, but Father Time checkin pockets.
Where did all the time go? I think I must have lost it.
This life roller coaster, I can't get off it.
Holdin' on for dear life now, all this motion got me sick.
Got me thinking back to my recess days, I was always the first one picked.
On to my working days, seems like my application is the first one kicked.
Life is just Speedin'.
So you can catch me movin' through my city, Jehovah's Witness.
Via Dolorosa, living life is a test of fitness.
Musicians used to be prophets, now must of you all just Hova's Witness.
Who's getting the most money, tell me who's winning the race.
Feels like yesterday I was sittin' in class thinkin about blastin' off into.
space.
They tell you can be whatever you wanna be until the institutions put you in.
your place.
The media broadcasting lies, you all should be disgraced.
It's all about the money, all about the sex, all about the work, all about.
what's next…
But I'm just here now, thinkin about the past.
Askin' myself why does time move so fast.
Yeah, this life hourglass.
I just want to flip it.
Sometimes I really want to slow down and just kick it.
This beautiful life, let's drink it in, but instead of chugging, just sip it.
Life is just speedin'.
So let's have the time of our lives.
Everybody hop in, let's go for a ride.

