Stampede 64  Rockstar Dreams Cut-Scene Lyrics
by Swych.


Aye Vegeta: what's the scouter say about they energy level, man, 
 
Uh, I'm a rockstar, hear the fans scream 
When. They see me It's a stampede. 
You see me Hi, hater 
Can't. Stop now try later 
Try. Never I'm forever. F your efforts. 
Man. I swear that. I'M the best and you can't edit, you can't censor 

They so pathetic, I'm so sick. They trying to catch it. 

Won'T even give me credit, like I cheated on my tests or 
, But get it through your thick skull. 
You can ride the bandwagon, but the whip full 
We running out of space. We up in outer space 
If you in our space, Eliminate 
Obliterate. We gon' incinerate 
Hotter than a summer's day. I should sell them lemonade, 
Top down in a city where you might just get your melon sprayed 
But. I ain't worried they respect me, like I'm JFK 
I'm feeling, like the effing greatest ever 
Like, my mom, a Panther, I rock bandanas and throw the West up 
Mayne. You know I'm a R-O-C-K-S-T-R 
Pull a couple strings. Then I smash the guitar 
And. She likes it. 
 
I'm, a rockstar, hear the fans scream 
When. They see me it's a stampede 
Music so loud that I can't breathe 
Rad girls and they repping F2D 
 
Uh rockstar lifestyle might not make it 
That's. Why I be going brainless tie my blanket like a cape and say 
I'm fly ha And I don't need a wingman 
Promise you that I could scoop any chick. You could bring in 
Find me at your college campus. Looking for a fat, butt 
You know that I'm trying to see it pull your backpack up. 
One man, rock band you got to. Let me get some 
 
'Body, better, tell them haters chill bruh meditate 
Let them know that I don't get tired Kevin Gates 
Bigger than the lips on Kylie Jenner's face, but never fake 
Everytime. I flex I set it off detonate 
I'm, just trying to stack my paper. Like an almanac 
But, that's gon' make my haters go. Insomniac 
You know I'm a R-O-C-K-S-T-R 
I, don't pull strings. I just smash the guitar 
Like, Mario versus Link and she likes it. 
 
No nametag, no ID 
Just a snapback and a white tee 
And, I'm swimming in the money with a pisces 
And. That thing looking right word to Spike Lee 
, You already know 
U-S, you just lay down slow 
But. If she get down she gon' stay down. Bro 
If she get down, she gon' stay down, 
I be playing NES. My iPod playing UGK 
My Izod polo superfresh. So is my USPA 
Man everything I do is fresh. You could check. Usda 
I can wear whatever Mr. YourSisterJustLeftWithMe 
My dreamgirl left me. She met me. Let me then depressed me 
But, I'm through crying now them white girls. Love me like I'm Luke Bryan
 
I must be here for a real reason: 
Because they got dreams and I got dreams, but I ain't only dreaming eww
 
 
Get it through your thick skull 
Boy. We eating and if not it's, because my clique full 
Get it through your thick skull, 
I'm a rockstar, 
Tell, Jennel, Garcia to holla at me: ha 
Uh, 
, 
Rockstar Dreams, Cut-Scene 
I'm, a dreamer yeah, I'm a dreamer 
I used to dream of driving girls, Bieber Fever, 
I Used to dream of girls that look like Selena 
Pile them up in the Beamer and call it stacking my queens up, 
My body, all tatted and my wrist and neck freezed up ... 
Damn. I been keeping it a hundred 
Since, a hundred with a nickel back. That'S 95 
I was born in 94, took me a year to ask where the honies at 
But I'm a nerd. I'M a geek 
I play a different game. Every day of the week. 
Shorty got that soft and she say I got that strong 
So. I guess that you could say that I prey on the weak: 
These is Rockstar Dreams, 
Go hard on the weekend and pray in the week, 
Show every night through the rain and the sleet 
Sprains and the bleeding but fame ain't. The reason 
Man I just want to do me 
Man. I just want to do me 
Man I just want to man. I just want to do me. 
Hold up. They said I was a effing zero. Now I got the city mute 
Except for your girlfriend screaming, while she showing me her moves. 
Eww, 
, 
