Stay Up High Lyrics
by 4th Pyramid.


Conundrums my minds out in London.
I'm blunted thoughts like the Indy 500.
Who want it.
Flights almost leaving.
To nights over Egypt.
Charge twice for the leeches.
You's a hater I'm on tour in Decatur.
Bad bitch from Grenada and she think I'm the mayor.
The timbs is black.
If liquor is the devil why everytime I drink do the wings come back.
Got me in front of this mic while I'm slinging rap.
Went from Tim up in my kitchen pitching crack.
To sold out in Manhattan lets bring him back.
Middle eastern with the dreads on the brink of black.
Fly prince in the tints with the frames thats German.
4th Pyramid's the name I remain for certain.
I came out to critics acclaim.
Smoked out in Amsterdam under drizzling rain.

Hey we just stay up high.
Sky's falling grab a piece of the pie.
Fly vixens in cars.
Chasing the light but it belongs to the stars.
I already made my mind.
All I wanna do is just stay up high.
These late nights wild.
All I wanna do is just stay up high.
Stay high.

Slow motion driving the boat coasting.
The ropes on long while the goats roasting.
Whats the Name on a Khartoosh.
Left my chain in a bar booth.
Give a fuck I'm just drugging out the misery.
Skullduggery got me bugging out in Italy.
Bitches missing me sweet thrill of victory.
My enemies pissed still wish they could get rid of me.
30 Thou in the clouds with epiphanies.
Meet me TriBeCa wall st by the Tiffany's.
Crazed...fast life affinity catch flights from Kennedy.
Last night is hitting me.
I'm a dreamer money making schemer.
On a prowl fucked the girl from Ipanema.
In every country don't even need a visa.
But I'm in need of reefer.
Really Pleased to meet ya.

Life's a beach on the promenade in Nice.
Drunk in the French quarters I bend borders.
Perrier sipping smoke in my lungs.
The paintings on the wall from the coast that I'm from.
Burgundy English Clark's.
Stupendous on a song.
What I been thus far.
Swiss bank accounts daddy.
What You in this for.
Split the bill go Dutch.
Cause the business raw.
Back in the Dot you know I got it locked.
The pineapple twisted with the spritzer and ciroc.
Hollywood dreaming funny I'm leaving.
To the land of milk &amp; honey where the money's the demon.
I found my niche.
Sip aged old distilled that I down with quiche.
So high think'll I fly off a mountain peak.
Jetting to the next check while they counting sheep.

