Stella Lyrics
by Wu Block.


Stay dip cute bitch out in Delaware, moving our bricks, 
So hard, stupid, big stones from Miss
Stella ear, 
She just turn 35. We in the spot on Martin Luther King Drive 
Whole team getting high on phones, 
We learned, different codes of pig, Latin 
So, the jakes don't follow our trail with sick patterns 
And. The crib is jig Jennifer convertible love, seat, 
That's worth forty G's from Madrid, 
In, Spain, sipping cherry Cosmo's and things 
Stella finish: the glass showing niggas her rings, 
I said bitch. I ain't impressed with that 
Why. The fuck is every briefcase short by at least ten stacks 
We had a mil' in each bag. There'S eighty grand missing 
You pop up with a new Jag' with a bad system. 
I done sent your ass to Hawaii and Waikiki 
When. Your man needed bail. You'Ll come see me 
Rob me, That's how we do You pretty slick, muthafucka 
You must think I'm a sucker 
Matter fact. You gon' suck this dick. How bout that for a change, 
Let me see. What'S really on your brain 
She said ‘Starkey, you violating me stop it' 
I saved up for this shit. You playing me like a hostage 
Out of all people. I wheeled you around when you got shot 
Be the closest one too you and may I rot 
In hell yo Starks chill. I don't think she that stupid 
Since'90 ,'95. She came through kid. 
Two million in six weeks cover six space 
Just to think of those towns alone. We brought a big steak: 
 
But. It still don't change the job 
Aiyo Tone who this silly bitch trynna rob 
Niggas, been getting money since pushing a Saeb, 
In, the spot, writing rhymes. Never heard of a blog 
Is it that coincidental That the same rental 
Be out in Virginia and DC before she come see me 
I'm, ready, put this hammer in her face in 3D. 
I know: that's your home girl, but fuck it on GP 
And. I don't like her brother either. He probably put her up to it. 
Give me the word and I go empty. His fluid 
Shady I been bagging up since 1980, 
Me and Ghost been tight since Fred met Grady lady 
So. What you telling me My account is off. 
Oh, you must really motherfucking think we that damn soft 
 
Hold on yo Sheek, what you gon', do Cut her whole hand off 
Put a pillow over her face and let the four bang off 
Or we can get the gat taping. So the ho can't talk 
Before. We get the whole story cut. This whole thing short 
I, don't think that's wise at all. Whatever honey do with her money, dog 
That's, not my problem, why is it yours, 
Wu-Block you riding for mine, I'm riding for yours, 
That's, the motto if you talking bout homicide, my lord 
It's survival? Homey. You ain't never lied. My lord 
But, the Pretty Toney baby ain't. Never lied before 
That's a hundred lucci word to Bully. I smoke too many loosies 
I know her history. If something fishy must be the coochie 
It ain't, no mystery your finger itchy! If she a groupie 
Once you go up once you go down. Let'S keep it Gucci. 
You take her head. I take all the jewelry from all these moolies 
Get, all your goonies and we can meet up for Call of Duty 
Ain't, nothing funny like Paul Mooney, this fatal beauty 
Got some explaining to do hold up. I thought you knew me 
Better than that we know the cheddar was tapped, 
You getting bread in the trap. Why get in bed with them rats, 
My son is missing. Some racks and Louch is fitting to snap 
She need to come up with answers. Instead of fixing her mack 
Makeup just give the facts straight up and just the facts: 
If you did it, we gon' bury you with it and that's that.
 
