Step Ya Game Up Lyrics
by Swishahouse.


Know, I'm tal'n bout, I'm tired of these old 
Lame, ass lazy, ass, don't wan na grind ass 
But! They wan na complain all the time ass 
Wish. They was me ass, know. I'M tal'n bout 
I worked for where I'm at know, I'm tal'n bout, 
Swishahouse, Swishablast, Swishahouse, Swishablast, 
, 
Step, ya, game up, partna, step, ya, game up, 
Step, ya, game, up, partna, step ya, game up; 
Get on your grind and go get it get your change up! 
You falling off homeboy you better change up, 
 
Paul Wall 
Have. You ever noticed the people, that's lazy and lame 
Be the same ones crying and always complain 
You on the sidelines. Partna better get in this game. 
You need to change. If you trying to get change. 
You must of fell on your brain as a little kid 
You wan na shine. Then you got ta grind homeboy, that's just how it is 
Handle, your bis', you wishing on a star 
For money, hoes clothes and cars, but you walk by far 
You. Think a Bentley. Just gon fall out the sky 
You spending all your money worrying about being fly and getting high 
Stick to the G-Code. All the rules still apply. 
You slacking on your hustle boy, you living a lie. 
You run a block a couple hours. Then you start getting tired. 
So, why hating everytime I pull up on chrome, wires, 
You need to wake up out your sleep cause you falling off, 
Step ya game up you getting soft step it up! 
 
Paul Wall 
Look here hold your nuts cuz and swallow your fear. 
Your future's. Looking kinda shady, but I see quite clear, 
I'm riding in the fast lane you still in first gear 
You've been driving the same car for the past five years, 
You claim to be a baller, but boy really. You broke 
I'm buying bottles and you barely buying Hennessy and Coke 
Take. A good look in the mirror. You a joke. 
You was on the ship to success, but I guess you fell off the boat 
You either leave or get left buy or get bought, 
Break or get broke, cause it's teach or get taught 
I'm the age of a student. But I'm teaching a lesson: 
Consider it a blessing for you to be in my presence, 
You, something like a has-been. You was hot back then 
But now-a-days, you ain't nothing, but some dust in the wind 
Get with the time and quit worrying about mine, homie 
Get. On your grind and everything gon turn out: fine 
, 
Mike Jones 
I be sick and tired of haters hating on the fact that I made it 
But it's a funny. A year ago, y'all haters said I wouldn't make it 
But now y'all saying I'm overrated and I got too much hype 
But back, then you said I'll flop cause my flow wasn't tight. 
A year ago the whole world didn't know my name 
So. I had to get on my grind and step up my game, 
My name Mike Jones and I'm on the microphone wrecking tape, decks 
Collecting checks, while y'all sitting at home 
A lot of people to this day be talking down on my flow 
But, who you know, get Five thousand for a flow or a show, 
Who say his name a hundred times and still get love from his fans. 
Who blew up in seven months and in popular demand. 
Who. You know that got a movie and some clothes coming out. 
Who spend shit for the ladies to keep em running out, 
Mike Jones nigga, and don't you forget it 
While you at home living po', I'm balling, independent 
, 
