Steppin' To The A.M. Lyrics
by 3rd Bass.

*Sound of clocks, ringing*, 
 
Point us to the center stage, 
Projectin the voice with this mic that I'm cuffin 
You ain't, my nucka SUCKER, I'm snuffin 
The word of the 3rd stands true, so no panickin 
, you freeze up like a mannequin 
Petrol, you let go the Wax for the new jacks 
To dwell upon you're steppin on the trigger. As the tune smacks 
 Pete gave me the cue 
So I'mma put up or shut up until my jam is through 
But. For now I wan na freak em, so I'll embark. 
To spark your mission posse til way: past dark, 
 or I'll play the five-oh 
You, don't stop movin until the Serch says so 
To keep the tribe open, shootin out to play. Em 
Three the hard way'll, keep you steppin' to the A.M. 
 
Beastie Boys samples playing 
 
My, mind has a question. I respond 
To, a silver domed microphone 
Straight to eighty-eight to the curves of the 90's 
I'm universal. I set a line free 
Behind me the three the hard way: the jackpot 
 
We groove crowds. The three stand, proud 
The brothers round the way, sit down and say: 
 Ludicrous rhythm of rhyme 
Anticipate, like a bottle of Heinz.. KETCHUP, 
 Cause. You fell behind 
I'm steppin to the A.M. -- dickin down swine 
Pete, Nice skims over lyrics. I pick em 
Strong and long you're wrong. I stick em 
 with my cable swingin 
 Pete, Nice bringin, 
The sunrise with no lies legitimate 
Envy. This MC's magnitude 
The MC emceed, 
Until the next time. I keep you steppin' to the A.M. 
 
Sample 
 
No weight on the felt plate, deep bass below rise, 
Needle torture, groove move the record til the wack stride: 
 
Bet, you wonder: you're a goner 
 
Lyrics to the A.M., but the house needs a swinger 
You st-st-st-st-stutter, but I'm a stinger 
 
You're. Just a stunt seekin a settlement, 
The lyrical line 
Afflict like a convict. I ain't, no criminal, 
Scheamin on a cable or slobbin. The knob 
You played me like a foul ball: 
 
Now groove into the A.M. the master spoon feedin 
Out, a jumper you're bumpin a freak while I'm G'n 
Peter. Let the record spin 
MOTIVATE THE CROWD. Til, it's steppin' to the A.M. 
 
Sample 
 
I slide swiftly. Keep a brother steppin, 
 
Sweatin as you get hit with the rhythm 
My lines sustain like a crane, so uplift them 
 Flowin like fluid 
The mass did worship the lyrics. The three did: 
 Drop it like a guillotine 
, fearing the voice of the rhyme fiend 
Scene is zipped. Pete. Nice is your worst dream. 
Fulfilled your illed, I thrilled 
My, mind is cued, so I run down a menu. 
That downgrades the weak, as my lyrics tend to 
 
So, listen to the mission horse 
Blinded by the science. My mind starts: flexin 
Sexin down females to the A.M. perplexin 
A complex reflex, 
The: three, don't sleep 
Steppin to the A.M. I'm steppin to the mic. 
To snatch up and smash up the club until daylight, 
 
