Stop Lying to Us Lyrics
by Swordplay.

Stop lying to us, 
We are no fools. 
We had recognized Superman before he had removed his glasses 
Do. You really think we can swallow anything 
This, drunk bearded guy with Nike trainers is definitely not Santa Clause. 
The truth started propagating 
We. All know that Tony Michelli is a fake, housekeeper 
Do. You really think we can swallow anything 
In real life, Tony Danza's boxers are lying about on the floor. 
 
Please excuse the maniacal laugh 
My. Man just said the Earth's not flat 
A rat-a-tat-tat 
Hit, the crash, like a dummy on the wheel, 
I bleed so funny. I feel it's unreal 
Is this really happening, or is it a daydream? With a bit of pitter-patter
perhaps 
I'm hanging in a half suspension, 
The tension of a thread tied to balloons to relax 
I've been running for years, 
I've been crawling for longer 
Think. I got enough fuel to burn a few more days, 
Running out of helium gas 
It's no laughing matter when your matter goes. Gray, 
There won't be sunshine every day, 
It's, just the only way, I'll ever feel safe, 
Oh well, well, I'll, never safe, OK, 
I! Don'T want to startle any carbon-based forms in the place with the facts. Of
Our fabrication 
Statistics are made up or sad or suffer bad habits of manipulation. 
I'M made up from duct tape a little silly. Putty 
I got battery acid and a bolt in the brain… 
 
Stop lying to us. 
We are no fools. 
We all know that Ronald McDonald is a fucking fake, clown 
Do. You really think we can swallow anything. 
A guy eating burgers everyday would be twice as big as this man 
The truth started. Propagating 
No one will ever trust a white guy with a red afro haircut 
Do. You really think we can swallow anything 
Ronald McFreakyDonald, I'm not scared of you anymore. 
 
You best believe that the best emcee in the world's had to force feed an ego 
A San Pellegrino or a cappuccino in her last favorite casino 
As for me always been a fan of risk. 
I really really can't resist it. 
If there's something to the prophecy of Nostradamus. Then I missed it. 
I insist that this apocalyptic event, you think, is about to happen. 
Is only gon na happen. If you let it happen, so don't let it happen. Don'T let it
happen 
Tell me. Can you count past two? I can count past seven. 
My calendar continues past the weekend, 
Nevertheless I've elected Monday, my favorite day to sleep in cause. I am that
A.M 
Crackle and hum transistor in the back of the lung 
My antenna broke off in momentous pain, 
At the same moment that it landed. It stung 
And, I'm trapped in the seat between the bus driver and the bums babbling… 
 
Stop lying to us. 
We are no fools. 
We all know that Mitch from Baywatch is a fake swimming instructor 
Do. You really think we can swallow anything 
In real life he's not successful with women under sixty 
The truth started propagating 
Mitch, stop holding your breath. 
Let you belly live for the day. 
Do. You really think we can swallow anything 
Accept accept, accept, accept! Being old is not a shame, 
 
I got a test tube and I got a shot glass 
Now, which one do you want to put the world in 

I got the perfect version of the true story and the worst environment that I
could ever tell it in 
They. Got six packs of Bibles at 7-11 
I like the packaging that they sell, em in 
I'm gambling on being gullible, as I am dreamless in a deep sleep 
Listen to the beep beep beep beep beep beep beep of your alarm clock. 
Well I've been building a super computer from the common household object, I've
found 
Down in a bomb shelter with investors that didn't ever want to be underground. 
Put us in a Western put us in a Wal-Mart 
I'll, try to be a better consumer. 
It'S always been up for grabs now, but I'm the market for a better future 
 
Stop lying to us 
We are no fools. 
We all know that Ronald McDonald is a fucking fake, clown 
Do. You really think we can swallow anything. 
A guy eating burgers everyday would be twice as big as this man 
The truth started. Propagating 
No one will ever trust a white guy with a red afro haircut 
Do. You really think we can swallow anything 
Ronald McFreakyDonald, I'm not scared of you. Anymore
 
