Substance Abuse Lyrics
by Yung MillzZ.


I've go no time to waste how could I ever get wasted.
I'm on a special team, nothing better to do then place kick.
Up at Havoc place kicking it with the waitress.
From the waffle house who just finished serving me Angus.
Grubbing with the team had civilians observing greatness.
It only makes sense when you make cents.
Take it in either direction it go the same way.
Only way to make change is to make change.
So everyday we on our pesos.
Switching up this flow to help them create they flow.
Flights to puerto rico that make Americans hate home.
With some bad native chicks shaking acting a A-hole.
When in reality all they salaries J Low.
The scenery just prettier then the culdesac that they stay on.
The result of controlled substances fighting with the rightness.
In their mind trying to guide em to enlightenment so they.

Roll Up them boys passin the dro.
Pour Up nigga we passed on the 4.
YM in this bitch and yo ass at the door.
I came way too far and got way too fly.
For you to say I ain't the shit like you ain't got two eyes.

4 Cups and I'm in it.
4 Blunts and I'm in it.
4 Pills and I'm in it.
You know my niggas is winning.
4 Cups and I'm in it.
4 Blunts and I'm in it.
4 Pills and I'm in it.
You know my niggas is winning.
4 Cups and.
4 Blunts and.
4 Pills and.
You know my niggas.
4 Cups and.
4 Blunts and.
4 Pills and.
Know I ain't driving home.

What the fuck is your name if only I could remember.
Just met you yesterday and its only 1 am.
So it wasn't that long ago said I'd call you after the show.
Honestly I was playing draw something when I said I was saving your name in my.
phone.
So I was probably lying but to be truthful you just had bad timing.
Didn't really wanna blow you off but I had too.
Your nose told me you just left the bathroom.
White on white violence just reminding.
Why the nigga pining wrist is blinding everybody in the line of sight.
Times is trying but deciding to recline because the price is right, right.
Trying to write the audible form of what he pushing.
High just smelling what the rock is cooking if you looking.
Just as the substance rushing in the veins of the name on the pedestal.
It be the same names telling you, you gotta.

