Sunshine in the O Lyrics
by 3X Krazy.


Just pimps and ho's and playas 
No time for player, haters, 
, Just pimps and ho's and players, 
Just players, players, 
Sucker, free from player, haters 
 
It be going down in the town on a Friday afternoon, 
I'm in that L-Co drinking strawberry, hills, boones 
And. I'M thinking to myself I ain't near perved, 
It takes henn dogg and some herb just to make me. Swerve 
I picked up T-Funk fat blunt in the ear. Lobe 
It spin likes a globe. I stick it in. While I'm talking on my mobe 
To a freak of the week who be scheming, 
But, she ain't, knowing me and funk, is down for the tag teaming 

Fired up the blunt slapped the heater on we was on 
And, like always fools to the left player. Hating 
So. I got ho intersection waiting while that L-Co-atin 
Came out swinging sideways. It was all so sweet 
Then threw the peace sign up. It was G's on the streets 
Out, the six duece seen orange man and eastwood 
Eyes red on the front. Porch smoked in the hood 
Got back on the mobile started, dialing up some mo digits 
Cause. I knew they was bugging. I seen that purple civic 
Back on the strip fresh paint, rally's shining 
Rewinding, the album called -flowautomatic nine 
Deciding. Should I go get another sack 
I'm in a Co with ten in a lark, so we riding back to back 
As. I start shake and bake earth like a quake. It ain't Sunday, 
I ain't, hitting the lake five-oh jacking fool. That'S a mistake! 
I'M just going to stick to the strip and drink that Carlo Rossi, Rhine 
In, the O-A-K, where we chill and parlay in the sunshine, 
 
In, the sunshine, just pimps and ho's, and playas 
 
Breaking, ho's, flashing gold riding around in the sunshine 
Just pimp's and ho's. And playas 
 
I woke up in the morning ready for another day, 
In the O-A-K, that's where we let the Gat spray, 
Each and everyday on the foothill strip, drinking tanqueray 
Smoking on a twomp sack of that bomb. I got ta stay calm. 
The sun is beaming like its ho bucking season. 
Ho'S want to see me cause, I'm like nike down looking breezy 
But. I can't stop for no ho mang 
All they wan na do is hop In the lexus sitting on gold thangs, with the cocaine 
White paint trimmed in gold stopped in the liquor store. So I could a cold
four-o 
Now, I'm audi five to next light. Spaced out, like midnight, 
My game is never lazy when I'm off that act, crazy, 
Tricks to the left trick s to the right 
Tricks in daisy, dukes, I'm off that crazy juice, uhhh 
I'm on the foothill strip, bumper to bumper 
Suckers pass through with they crew wish And they wonder 
If the can have a town like mines, 
The O-A-K, where we chill and parlay in the Sunshine: 
 
In, the sunshine, Just pimps and hoes, and playas 
 
Breaking ho's flashing gold riding around in the sunshine 
Just pimp's and ho's and playas .
 
Once. Again, it's just another liquor store mission, 
Stick-a-ho mission, never coochie, kissing, 
Cause, sacks rolled up and tucked got ya fellas stuck 
That ole green rocker spliff had me tore up 
I throw up. I hope I don't because today, I'm just kicking back 
Moet and hamps dough in the pants just parlay in slacks 
There are major highsiders in the O, 
These ho's plot. My dough and many bro's want to pick my fro 
Really doe a sunny day. I'M playing for keeps 
No need for a rental, a bicycles, cool, because my game is deep. 
A freak, peep and looked sweet by the lakeside 
She was going to her friends to go on a bike ride. 
So we went. We rode she bent my pole 
Met her. A minute ago now this heffer, I can't control 
Is it, because my billboard flicks tone got the real long, crisps, 
Three times crazy 
Ager. I feel ya, but some others. Don'T 
I'm bippin fools off the weed smoke selling they gats for C-notes 
And. Then I hit the strip and parked the bike by the curb 
Regal was coming to snatch me Man. I was kind of happy word. 
This 24 is like one of a kind 
In the O-A-K, where chill and parlay in the sunshine 
 
And. I do what I feel and I do what I feel when I do it. 
 
Breaking ho's flashing gold riding around in the sunshine
 
