Surfing On Airwaves Lyrics
by Wonder Bred.

Johnny Depp: Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas:.
Burning the locals... Abusing the tourists... Terrifying the help....
The only chance now, I felt, was the possibility that we'd gone to.
Such excess that nobody in the position to bring the hammer down on us.
Could possibly believe it... 15 minutes to get my attorney to the airport....
Could we make it?

Wonder Bred:.

So many artists claim to be real.
When all they talk about is blasting brains out with steel.
Gourmet food for thought is a lot more than making a meal.
It seems to me people want a message, so i send links in an email.

Airplane mode, a fare is a toll, there is no comparing to making it home.
To share my soul remains my goal.
Ive got the youth with me usually thats a rare vote.
This is an electric election, not a Republican Pharoah.
Or a blue donkey donned as a hero, this is my anti-fear flow.
I just hear notes, why are we as a society some anti tear folk?
It seems anti real hope and hand my right hand to the man for a dealio.
I ain feelin those, labels are corporate sneaky Robert DeNiros.
Off your offer and the pish posher, lick my honey nut cheerios.

This Is surfing on airwaves.
I wrote this work on an airplane.
This Is for you and your sharing.
Dude it's cool to be caring.

I get inspired as an a, b, c, Delta Frequent Flyer.
We fly just like icarus right into hells fire.
When all people want is to burn rubber, but can't stand to smell tires.
Good intentions on the road to riches, this is the root of why will suffer.
We can go to war for more, so just add another badass muffler.
Its not what people really want, behind the chips are just sad bluffers.
We all want to have lovers, so lets not take credit cards and let's all just.
share with each other.

How can i dissipate stress?
By attention paid to breath and paranoia laid to rest.
Momentarily wait and test every way to say yes.
In terms of time I try to take less.
And in this case my name is Wonder Bred.
And phrases i bake the best.
And stay engaged rather than complain of less.

More, More, More, more.....

Its not complicated, my mind is the opposite of indoctrinated.
Im the one who was meant to unlock the matrix.
And release all beasts to be free from locks and cages.
So its not lost i always save it and spit lots in hip hop to drop some awesome.
phrases.
Imma stop until we dock cause my phone's power ive gotta save it.

