Swervin Lyrics
by Swishahouse.


Yup-Yup, that's what it is: 
Uh, that's what it do. Yeah-Yeah 
Yup-yup uh-huh yeah 
Yup this. What it is check, it-check it 
, 
Lil', Keke, 
Crawling and cutting pressing the button coming through 
24 inch shoe and I'm banging on the Screw 
Pop trunk with neon lights. To get them peon, brights, 
My, chrome pipes, taking flight tonight 
I keep the cold black steel strapped tight to my waist 
Cause they probably getting mad while I'm hurting they face. 
In the new vehicle candy tricycle 
Boppers on the sideline trying to get some air time 
Cause. The trunk glow parked at the front do' 
5000 Watts DJ Screw, got it so slow, 
We, puffing, hydro, start cuffing. Your hoe 
Keep the heater on me. If they trip I'll, let one go. 
I got em right now, hollin' turn the bass down 
Home of candy paint and purple drank. This is H-Town 
We on them blocks and we showing off them, rocks 
Young Don Ke' and I'm pimping. The parking lot 
 
Swangling jangling, bouncing and swerving 
Pimping the parking lot. Boppers out and they serving 
Heater on me cause I never floss lonely 
Banging on that Screw and it got 5000 Watts, homie, 
, 
Coota, Bang, 
From the North to the South Screwed Up slow motion, homie 
R.I.P., Soulja, Slim, slow motion. Fo' me 
Banging on Screw. It got 5000 Watts on it. 
Strap on my lap I should install a dot on it: 
Fifth wheel, relax trunk, wave, fists clutching grain 
Swang and bang chain. Hang it's a southern thang 
Diamonds on my neck di-diamonds on my neck 
G. Dash Swishablast ca-camas on my check. 
I'M H-Town stomping and man still repping 
For. My boy A.D. I'll pop trunk on a pedestrian 
Gorilla pimp the parking lot in need for a lesbian, 
With dreams of becoming my head source of intelligence, 
For boppers on a mission trying to be where the cheddar went. 
Missing, a corner rolling here make you a President 
The theory: I'm banging will make you breathe easy 
It's A-Leezy coupe B.G. with Kekeezy 
 
Archie Lee 
I'm swanging dangling I'm bouncing and swerving 

I'm perving gone off the Henn, I'm a yack boy! 
If I front you some work, you better bring it back boy 
Beating up the parking lot. Setting off car alarms, 
Niggas, see me coming and start grabbing on. They girl, arms, 
H-Town bitch. You can respect my mind. 
I got blue or canary, yellow bitch respect my shine. 
We got Soft in the front Quack in the back 
Two killers at the do', just in case they wan na jack. 
Don'T worry, I'm, not lonely. Trust me homie! 
Everytime, you see me flossing. I got the heater up on me. 
Mr. Masta, Archie Lee boy. I drive slow 
Trunk like Bruce Leroy. It got that glow 
Hey, I'm only strapped with that 4-5 on me, 
Banging Swishahouse and I got 5000 Watts homie 
 
