T R O Y Lyrics
by The 3rd Kind.


This guy soul full man.
JaY I got it!

JaKK The Rhymer.
Tempted, I tapped into her heart then her garments.
I need love like I needed a new outlet.
Until I found rap.
Into what I am a freshman but yet a sophomore like junior high.
And she that first love, she's been since first touch.
I know it's a long road home and it hurts much.
But I'm 100 bars in.
And running on the path, not taken any leads to the summit.
Miss Hubba Bubba, bro she got a fat one.
Juicy too, and she got him droolin' like a yacked gum.
Sways her hips in a very unique fashion.
And when she passed him, he just couldn't keep his pants flattened.
He had a lust and touch, temptation was massive.
Having day dreams about beatin' it up like Cassius.
Practice late nights with Cinemax and body lotion.
But he's soft spoken so he fantasizes until his heart's broken.
And then he moves on.
His perfect soft skin only grew strong.
Grown up tough, walks hunch, doesn't talk much.
Punch him in his gut won't believe the stuff he coughs up.
Reminisce over you, as I grow older.
The bad chick that often gave me the frozen shoulder.
But now we raw and our future's C4.
So I'll ease off and let my homie STEEZ retort.

I wonder if she feel my cries.
Some times I sit and write to keep the spirit alive.
And honestly I'm really feelin' the vibe.
I was the best thing she's had since Jigga, and Nas.
So tell me this, where is she now?
Each time that I perform, is she there in the crowd?
She's not gone so it's better to say.
It take a lot more to bring her out of vegative state.
I'm setting the pace to each visitor behind me.

I.e. what's keeping her alive is the rhyme scheme of young talent.
Just like me.
We didn't wait to be friends with benefits.
Because she had a bad relationship with rhetoric.
Tried to minag with the music and melodies.
Together, we had the same views over everything.
One of the few to understand my approach.
If I ever got lost she would carry me home.
Only brought pain to the larynx and throat.
Ever so often a sore wrist.
My brainstorm is over their heads I'm umbrellas.
The cats and dogs is in awe.
Stage lights can't break through the fog.
Endure through it all just to see me perform.
Propelling me like CG4.
Constantly supplying me though the meanest of wars.
Even though we don't see you know more.
Hip hop held me up when I needed support.
Propelling me like CG4.
Constantly supplying me though the meanest of wars.
Even though we don't see you know more.
Hip Hop reminisce over you, my god.

