Take Notice Lyrics
by Wu Block.


Niggas pulled me up out the bed for this shit man. 
Just know I got a cold, I'm coughing everywhere. 
Shaking freezing covers on right now, 
Come on man yo. Let me get some tea. Man throw some ginger in there 
Word up just telling me to throw onions and garlic in my socks, 
I ain't. With all that hand me some Theraflu, some Nyquil or something 
Youknowhatimsaying. I got ta do what I got ta do, though, voice scratchy and all 
I got ta get those coins. I need coins right now, yo 
It's. What it is check me out: yo aiyo, 
, 
Ghostface, Killah 
You can catch me on G-Street snowflake fur on 
Cubaned out neck. Looking all beastie 
Don't pass me the blunt I'm cooling, sixteen hundred grams 
On his concrete land, it's moving 
From here to La Cienaga. I do hood yoga 
I pull muscles counting money need a new shoulder, 
Bitches circle round me on the block. I'M bossed up. 
I ain't stabbing nothing less. She got a horse, butt 
Fuck her on the side of the building, that's a'walnut' 
She pregnant ten minutes ago. She had a small gut 
One apostle Cuban Link, skit 
Montana Medellin blowing both nostrils 
Stick up kids stay away. Shaolin is far from your Emerald City, 
Call it Ox Town trust me. I give you fifty 
V necks on a different level. 
Staple your collar bone. You don't want no bass, treble 
 
I feel murder in the air yeah, where my soldiers 
Where, the hood at Bring'em out need ya'll to hold us 
We gon' march until the whole entire world take notice, 
Wu-Block, take notice, Wu-Block, take notice, 
 
Sheek, Louch 
I'm dreaming At the bar with Barack's wife, 
Nancy Reagan, making shots for us, TMZ said they saw us. 
Hillary said I frighten her 
Alarm go off choking off the teeth. Whitener 
I'm, Don-Don, Daily News fitted be true: blue 
I, don't gang bang, but my niggas be Su-Wu 
It's. Only a few niggas in the game that I'm true to 
She mad, I won't fuck her go wash that poo-poo 
Yo Starks tell Vel to book. More suits 
Aiyo Vel, tell L to call more treats 
Snow bunnies house wives of Orange County 
We gun smoking bonanzas with no bounty 
See me My chain lower than your GPA, 
See them shooters. In that building They hear to stay 
Said you getting that for cheaper. Well, what you pay 
Sometimes, I feel like Naughty Hip, Hop, Hooray, 
, 
