Take Dat Lyrics
by The Wreckshop Family.


I stay riding through my city with my pistol grip 
So. If you run up on me, homie you'll get pistol whipped 
Cause. When I pull that thang out the shots rang out, 
Take take take, take 
, 
A3 
Ain't, a lame, never been the type of nigga that'll fall for the slick, shit 
If they catch you at the red light and your rims tight 
Just might run up and let The thang spit 
I keep my motherfucking eyes open, especially when I'm green choking 
Ain't gon, be the shirt soaking 
You fucking with somebody that'll bust. Your head, open, 
I'm, tired of these niggas, that's coming around roaching 
That's! Why a nigga keep a nine cause? It'S cold on the outside 
One shot everybody gon break wide 
Been thugging, since a nigga grew knee high 
Live a life trying to get by ducking homicide 
While. The niggas is looting up on my cash 
But. I could see straight through your mask: 
You think you finna get a nigga to come and chill with ya 
Because you steady, hollin' bout. You got some fly. Grass 
Don't make a nigga deal with ya cause a hater blood spill, quicker 
Run and ducking like nigga 
And jump in a G ride on the Southside swang wide 
Send him down the boulevard like Skipper, 
My niggas, don't play no games take pride in they aim to Blow out your brain 
Lil' drip on the concrete, leaving a stain twenty five shots, how it came 
Why these po-po's keep fucking with me. 
I'M hustling hard up in these streets trying to make ends meet 
They wan na see a nigga falling hate when we be balling 
That's. Why, when I be in my SUV, crawling aaah, 
 
Craig G 
I stay fly through my city, I'm heated like Frank, Nitty 
Revolver problem, solver, bitch, nigga, desolver, 
Six shooter or the Glock with the beam and the big ruger 
Magazine with them. Hollow tips spit right through ya, 
I'll do ya, you run up. Watch you get done up. 
These hot shells hot as hell, they gon fuck your front up. 
Niggas is bitchy with them bitch ways 
See in a physical form. You see a man, but within he just a bitch made. 
Niggas is pussy like Sylvester 
This gat'll check your will elector attitude, adjuster 
Best to back-back ,'fore. I pull your cap back 
Clap back black gat fucking up your back black 
That's that bitch you're fucking with the wrong one. 
My aim precise, taking your life from the dome son 
So. I advise you guys to think wise 
Niggas despise. I can see it all in your eyes: 
 
A3 
So, don't you try none of that bullshit 
Run up on me, my nigga and I will pull quick 
Unless you wan na be laying next to the pull pit 
This, what it do. Bitch you better get somewhere. 
Keep doing it motherfucker trying to take my stacks 
Get back nigga ,'fore. I unload this gat 
Get back. What up kin folk? You think it's a game! 
I got twenty five blow. You gon feel me mayn, 
, 
Craig G 
This, for you bitch made niggas. We ain't playing no games 
One in the chamber, full clip hollow tips, bring pain, 
Accurate aim, taking niggas out with a slab 
That quick shit'll leave. You split peel you back like a scab 
 
