Taxin' Our Soul Lyrics
by Swerve.


There's only so long, you can go on.
With no anchor, no crutch.
Nothin' here to save us, no Angels.
Starin' at my daughters, makin snow angels.
Knowin' they'll never make it to college if I don't make it...
Same reason those strippers are on the pole naked.. Same reason that hustlas.
on the block slangin'.
Tryin' to send his daughters toschool instead of Vegas...
Fuck What politicians are saying, cuz Ain't shit changin...
Were still on a ship with more leaks than fingers to plug it.
Prayin' we come up with a plan before this shit plummets.
And we're stuck knee deep in the sand, with no shovel, no nothin,.
Diggin' out s.o.s signs with our hands...
So when they ask me why im riding with cash.
No jewelry to stunt with.
Its cause i'm tryin' to find me some land far away from the public.
Build a home, with no loan from the bank.
No home depot ready made home they can take.
Just the sweat from the hands of a man trying to make an honest liven'.
I just wanna wanna create something that mine not something that's givin.
Just something to live in,  something to hand down...
Fuck what you have now, you might be the man now, next year your a man down.
We here for the long run, you can go for the sprint, well stick to the jog.
son...
So tell me what y'all want!

Tell me what y'all want.
The Cars &amp; The Clothes.
Tell me what y'all want.
A Watch And A Rolls.
Tell me what y'all want.
Some platnium &amp; Gold.
Mm.. still taxin' our soul...

Sometimes...
I can't believe, the cards, I was dealt.
My whole life's been a war, walk cautions through hell...
Dark forces disguised as white horses who help.
But when the going gets tough, all the horsemen just bail...
Lost in the dark, like your only light sources just failed...
Only choice is just to stick the course, go straight to the source.
Speak corgel as well.
And I be stompin' out this beat.
But this much honesty is not for the frail.
But honestly, it's not that i'm a conscious mc.
I'm just constantly bombarded by these thoughts that live inside me.
Thoughts on the economy, u know that lame stuff...
Those human nature make ups, that make us, break up, then kiss and make up…
That pain, trust, that hate, love, dance in the rain stuff.
But you'd rather be fake huh? than talk about a real life day, month, year.
You want a little small talk? you rather hear me pop off &amp;.
Spit that same shit? play the politics.
Holler at hoes, pop bottles, and hollow-tips.
Then diss every rapper thats been poppin since 50 did it to all of em', all in.
the same breath.
Well maybe the day that, I receive a fuckin paycheck.
For this mayhem, that i write.. cause till then these cold tears still pouring.
on the mic...
This is life.. a life where we all want, so tell em' we all want...

