Teleprompters Lyrics
by The Uncluded.


Ever, since I was a kid 
On, the backs of my two eyelids 
I hid two Teleprompters. There 
Transmitting words from who knows where 
Walkie-talkie on a mission 
Roger roger. Will I listen 
Or. Will I just pass it along 
In, the form of a sing-a-long, 
Whammies and Noids? Be void and null 
I feel a tingle. In my skull, 
Like ticker tape. The words appear: 
There's a parade between my ears, 
I preach self-love. I know it's true 
It's easier to say than do. 
I send the messages to you 
But. Now. I need to hear them too. 
I am beautiful, I am powerful, I am strong and I am loveable. 
I am beautiful, I am powerful, I am strong and I am loveable. 
 
I was laying bricks in a line 
Yap full of dog toy 
Picturing, a life beyond that of a protocol. Droid 
Bleep bloop boy, ox boycott
pea soup, 
First, learn to eat paint at St. Peter's, preschool-yum 
Now, that's a painkiller. I can speak through 
Airbrush letters on a pristine gene pool 
See. My mother said her father drew a ton 
But. All his cartoons had been swallowed by the Susquehanna flood in'72
 
The year that he would subsequently pass 
I know he had a stroke, but I assume that's only half 
And now I'm signing up for finger-drawing class in a tux like a gentleman
 
Marrying, his ash to his Dust 
Last on the kickball team draft pick-list 
First to the King Kullen, practicing his kickflips 
I'd like to say it's ‘cause. I was a rebel 
Truthfully, it's easier to say: “oh hell”. Instead of “hello” 
 
I dunno, I don't wan na be there when the geometry domino, 
, 
Maybe or maybe his pace is better suited for pacing 
 
Never, I am nailed to the floor-I, am snail under pressure. 
 
Fine, 
 
Ever. Since I was a kid 
On. The backs of my two eyelids 
I hid two Teleprompters there 
Transmitting words from who knows where 
And. This is why, when I'm on stage 
My eyes are closed, I'm in a haze, 
I look like I'm made out of clay, 
I'm overwhelmed and under-glazed 
I'm, making vases out of snakes. 
I'M a kiln half-full, of
mistakes, 
When kneading. It air's overlooked 
It's gon na crack when it gets cooked. 
So self-forgiveness is the key 
To re-sculpting, my sanity, 
Mindfulness humility, 
And, taking time to care for me, 
I preach self-love. I know it's true, 
It's easier to say than do. 
I sing these messages to you. 
But now I need to hear them too. 
I am beautiful, I am powerful, I am strong and I am loveable. 
I am beautiful, I am powerful, I am strong and I am loveable. 
 
I was laying bricks in a line 
Yap full of copper-top 
Picturing, a life beyond that of a dish-washer bot, 
Buzz ping 
Criss-crossed arms in a tub ring 
Learned heartbreak on a Zelda-1 sub screen-numb 
Learned, dark days by the scent of poached, dove meat, 
Some part ways And it's fugly 
Maybe, the sum of the parts became lesser 
That, each individually, making the same gesture 
And you don't wan na interrupt the overlapping network. 
So you throw a bag together and elope with cabin pressure. 
To disappear instead of interfere with nutty customs 
And. Differing definitions of liberty and justice, 
Big dummy, dig a hole in the dirt 
He put his head in the hole. 
