Temptation Lyrics
by RuMeal.


She got a thing for a nigga cause I'm living fast, type of woman that these.
niggas know they'll never have.
She chose me cause I got what the others lack, &amp; every time we get it on.
she always throw it back.
Everything that she got come name brand, I love her cause she got her own she.
don't need a man.
We make plans just so we can lay up in the sand, light skin yellow bone.
working on her tan.
She brag about me to her friends when she on the phone sex so good that she.
can't leave me alone.
All my Boyz n the Hood say I act like tre so I guess that make her my Nia Long.
She feel alone hit my phone &amp; we get it right, ain't worried bout doing.
wrong we just living life.
Cause with a body like hers &amp; face like that make a blind man wish that he.
had sight.
She bought more than appearance if you reach her mind she would leave you.
impressed with her intellect.
Ratchet hoes don't understand she ain't never need a man so they leave her.
hater comments on the internet.
While all these other bitches fucking for a pair of red bottoms, she be.
laughing cause paid for her own shit.
&amp; it's fuck all the niggas that done dogged her, but she take pride in the.
fact she a real bad bitch.
Ain't really gotta say much cause I know she mine, so I'll be getting to the.
money in the mean time.
All your bitches barely 5 &amp; when mine has a bad day she still a 9 with a.
mean grind.
My lil ride or die chick &amp; she always stay true, man these niggas ain't.
crips but they seem so blue.
If you hating on her you can hate me too cause she plays her roll &amp; she.
comes on cue.

Girl I swear this feeling drives me crazy.
Staring at your eyes is so amazing.
I'm feeling on your body in amazement.
We both know you can't resist this temptation.
So just enjoy these temptations.
Let's enjoy these temptations.
Just enjoy these temptations.
As we engage in all this love making.

Modern day bonnie &amp; clyde, whatever I wanna do she always done for the.
ride.
So many lames tryna get her but never could get with her &amp; that's why she.
still by my side.
Cause they be lying to impress her like they blowing on the pack, lying in.
their songs talking bout they getting racks.
Wonder why everybody stay up in their business they ain't fuck bad bitches.
they be fucking with them rats.
She different then all them other bitches that I been with made a young nigga.
slow down on this pimp shit.
Watched how them other niggas showed that they're thirsty &amp; understand all.
I did was show interest.
Getting to the cheese she'll show that it's nachos, speak about some money.
she'll be getting to it pronto.
Sex so good that I might come quick she doing hella tricks like a star in a.
porno.
I'm a dog when I'm all up in the kitty cat backseat action her freak side is.
attraction.
I can't stay focused her love is a potion she wet like an ocean the best.
distraction.
Wether talking gemini's, gangsters, or gentlemen she gon' tell me to keep it G.
She hold a nigga down but whenever she around she just wanna grind on top of.
me.
Cause that's my lady, she my baby, all these other niggas like damn she played.
me.
Since they wanna be in my spot niggas don't praise me all they gon' do is hate.
me.
Paula Patton type chick give me déjavù, got me thinking that I really wanna.
say I do.
All them other girls might just catch my eye, but I swear ain't none of them.
bitches like you.

