That's All Lyrics
by Quanche.


Uh.
Okay bitch, don't say shit to disclose my location.
She blow brain on some Cobain shit.
I smoke my weed she cocaine sniff.
Now okay ho, you should know that.
I come from a road where, we don't give a fuck don't go there.
No pat down no coat check.
All of these bitties are parched, any little flicker they think it's a star.
All of these dudes who talk end up backpedaling like Fred Flintstone tryna.
park.
I was in a park, smoking on a doob scoping out the block back when I was a.
youth.
Now I'm way far, prolly in a booth, scoping out the money anything that I do.
That's how I get it, Nize up, nice try bud but you not really involved with it.
Nah, you ain't 'bout that life you ain't 'bout that life like your pops didn't.
never bust in it.
And I can tell you real shit ain't nothing pretty, had to grow up quick even.
as a kid there was no kidding.

That's all there was, that's all that was made.
That's all you get, for all you gave.

Yo.
Where you gunna go if you don't know any place except back to the old you.
And after everything that I soldiered through you motherfuckers looking at me.
like I owe you?
I don't owe you shit, never forget 'bout what the motive is.
Smoke alot of weed no more codeine sip because I don't really think that if I.
OD its hip.
Got codes that I live by, hoes on my dick, posing for picks, tryna make.
something right quick.
Cause all of the people that I grew up with doing bids and my man Skippy just.
got dipped.
Shit, What you think it is when you think of this? you already know that he.
born ready from a little kid.
So you watch what he do and you watch what he say now mo'fucker watch how the.
money get.
Yea, its gets real out here, fiends from way back are still out here.
Everybody and their brother wanna deal out here gotta watch how you move and.
conceal ideas.
Cause they jockin', knowing dead or in jail are the only options I write these.
bars to avoid the coffin.
Now all the while these boys are plottin'.

