Thats Me ft Chris Carter x YR Lyrics
by VonMar.


Used to pull up in the steamers now I'm hopping out the foreign that's me.
Used to hate on the kid now I'm flexin' on you haters that's me.
All I see is the top, guap and these hoes thats me.
Every time I pop out, bad hoes, good dope, keep pourin' that's me.

Every time I pop out fresh shit fly as hell that's me.
Why you hatin' on the kid, I dont even know you homie.
Niggas turn to hoes when they feel the cold nose of the heat.
So I play my role, keep pour, move in silence just like my G.
Half these niggas ain't yo bros, these hoes gonna fold when you in a jam get.
exsposed.
Pockets full and my stomach full cuz I been juggin' niggas on bro.
Money stackin I be in a fashion, put him in a casket, when I pop out these.
hoes be going crazy, THOT boy you crazy, in bed you crazy.
Show me something I ain't never seen, flaming dope I'm high as heavens green.

Pop shots I need a kick stand for this regulars lean.
On me I'm just double cupping moving slow mo like a knock out cam.
Facing shots of that henny driving, facing blunts straight regular driving,.
while sosa rhyming on me.

That's me that's me, I throw H town up please.
For my team I be the king, gotta live out Willies dream.
What it seems, there's money rhyming, draw four colors green.
I say draw four color seen, you hop out spray crowds we leave.
If you up and don't blow, that's a threat to me.
My grandma said don't let them get to me.
All the prayers she sending i know it's forgiven I steady keep ducking them.
felonies.
Watching my wearabouts carefully.
If I feel i'm in danger I'm blowing with anger.
Get bent like a hanger, not trusting my homies, they switching up on me.

I'm saying, i come from thr dirt like a flower.
Want the money respect and the power.
Like Tony Montana it's ours.
Been that nigga since they blew the towers.

Pardon me I've been sipping.
Smoking and rolling I'm fucked up.
Nigga talk is cheap I spit bucks up.
I say fuck the world and get sucked up.
I'm A.B.H Gang, thats me, all black hoodie gang nigga yea that me.

Nigga move and he might be cripple, 45 hold one plus a nickel.
Niggas taking shot but that tickle.
I ain't bout shit plain and simple.
Niggas know me out here I'm official.
YR nigga them the initials.
Now adays niggas soft like pillows.
Yo money looks funny and I ain't with the giggles.
Niggas Tweakin thinking we belive them we dont fuck with yall and thats on me.
Niggas think its sweet bout when they see the heat they know the game is not.
OV.
If i pull a bitch with ext clips niggas getting smoked like an oz.
Free dollar, these niggas hate but they ain't on ahit and thats on me.

