The Anthem Lyrics
by Sway & King Tech.


One two one, two 
We dedicate this one to the Hip: Hop culture, y'all 
Brought to you by the world famous Wake Up, Show 
 
Bobby, Steels Staple' tales; MCs get your lips stapled 
Project, Killa Hill 
Is stamped on the map like the compass 
Sacred sword play tongue. Twist piercing holes in you 
You can't escape 70 000 kilowatts blast through your box 
Walk with alarm clocks, 
cars driving, slow down the block, 
One stopped parks, pops, the trunk 
Snare pops loud as Glock shots 
Bass like an M-80 in ya, face cops. Stop give us citation 
We pause for radio station identification. 
Wake up wake up, wake up, 
 
Tech is on 
 
When. I woke up. I grabbed the mic and never choked up 

When I was summoned. Styles were mixed, like the Drummonds 
Killer clown is coming. Look around your town is crumbling. 
This, Big Tech from the Midwest leaving MCs listless 
On. The Wake Up Show 
make up no stories about my shake-up flow 
Put me off in a cypher 
partner. You can't fuck with the sniper 
Your flow's premature, clean your dirty diaper 
Mic, heister, psycho
alpha-schizo, 
Hypno, cryo, gat flow 
guru and ain't. Nobody tighter 
Sway and Tech heard me flow and it's sealed 
Now. I got Swedish women
yelling Tech. N9Ne'S vilde 
 
This place is my house. 
I. Might as well erase my face with white out 
Cause y'all can't see me like Ma $ e's eyebrows 
Climbed out of a nice house through the front window. 
And heard this guy, shout Hey, that's my couch 
Pull, a nine out during a rhyme bout 
While! I'M ripping this shit put a clip in and spit five rounds. 
And murder, you hoes worse than a convertible flipping vertical 
Nose-first, with the top off landing upside down, 
Get tied down and duct-taped fuck rape, 
I'd rather just hump a slut's leg wit, my nuts shaved 
It's, Sway and Tech, two disk jockeys 
Breaking, so many freaking needles. I wonder if they inject 
, 
Lo and behold better than platinum and gold. 
Yes God bless success, never forsake the soul. 
Xzibit, take control, lock, loaded and ready to roll 
Play the upper hand, a man, that's never gon' fold, 
Cause your tape, sucks 
find, a new hobby that you can take up, 
Or, listen to my niggas Tech and Sway. So you can Wake Up 
The X-Man catch me doing drills in the Danger Room, 
Big game hunting from high noon, till the full moon, 
 
With synonyms. I get an adrenaline rush. 
From minimum thrusts bust multiple assaults in small interims 
As horrid. As Boris Karloff was when I cut ya neck 
Leave a little piece of skin. So the head won't fall off, 
Hauled-off sawed off shotgun blast he asked 
Why did he have to die like cast metal 
Oh, see now like Omar Credle 
We pone pedal at a high resolution. 
On the Wake Up Show with Sway Tech and DJ Revolution: 
 
, Kool G Rap, 
I, sway the tec with the Tech and Sway 
Step away weapon and spray rep. Today, 
Who over debt to pay get swept away 
Across the whole board like checker play 
When. I blaze your whole sect' arrays 
Wake Up Show for those who slept away 
Niggas that met the trey, hit the deck and pray 
DJ Revolution. Spinning, like lead from out the Heck and K 
Tearing your neck away, flood up the street with blood redecorate 
Until, the head of Jakes, investigate 
 
Interlude, Jayo, Felony 
Sway can give it to, but what you gon' do wit it 
Tech can give it to you. But what you gon' do 
Rev can give it to you, but what you gon' do wit it 
I can give it to you. Wha-Wha-Wha-What-What 
 
Chino make the world go'round 
Fucking up entire record companies like Harrell, did to Motown 
Vominous talk poison
pen ominous walk 
Which flow. Will I destroy you with this time the most commonest thought
 
The drama? That'S brought caught us in the midst of a sibling rivalry, 
For instance. There is nothing born in existence that can survive with me
 
Clone me, like sheep I
clean house, like Tony Randall, 
My style, foul file, sexual harassment like Tisha Campbell, 
You wack, like Will Smith, your rhyme style is pansy 
I, fucking murder, your young style, like Jon, Benet, Ramsey, 
Now who the master to beg Your demo get passed on the reg' 
You shouldn't have been signed. If you had a white cast on your leg, 
I'm Wake Up, Show repping with Sway and Tech. 
My tec's, like Tekken the
industry weapon, 
I'm Chino X, bring KRS in 
 
De-de-de-da-de-de-de-da-di-day 
KRS-One, coming with the Tech and Sway 
Yo, I rock up on the littlest set and up on the biggest set 
As ill as it gets. I still manage to wiggle your neck with sweat. 
Never forget the bigger the budget, the bigger the debt 
You got ta, be willing to rock in the middle of dry and in the middle of wet
 
But, I'm willing to bet on a Sway and a Tech. They stay in effect, 
Never been a pain in the neck. They gaining respect. 
Nevertheless. I wreck you now. You know what Sway and Tech do 
I'll be back, but for now just seckle 
Ha-ha-ha fresh for 1999. You suckers
 
