The Last Foreclosure on my Gingerbread House at Least I Think It WasMy Dinner Table Excuses (Prod. by 4am
by 4AM.


4Am, oh you that hip-hop hipster 
Rockin' for the rasta reggae heads 
Getting, love from kids, who love the body. Bread 
Oh he's just trying to show us that he's worth some more than Honus man how 
Cause he grew up in the desert of deserted dreams. 
That some shit, they never see 
Applyin' to the Y-Gen 
The Science to the sport 
Cause. That stork was for our elders and they tell us tip your hats. 
All we do is send them, love and all they do is send it back 
And. They just love. My couplets just raise cups 
Man these fucks there ain't none 
Time for domination, 
Respect to common sense. 
Gave me it's two cents, 
To sense, if i was making sense, 

with Peter Pan, 
Now Neverland is where I go to college 
When. The mileage on my wings 
Made me think if I could ever use my Tinker, Tailor Solider to help me breathe 
In that smog of the lost cause of kissing our moms goodbye 
Cause. My crooked smile made an image of Crooks. A born sinner 
Make men from mice, 
Think, twice think soon. Fam 
Cause four was that fork that ran away with the spoon. Fam 
 
*beat, change* 
 
I Have an unshakable belief characterized by consistently inflated feelings, of
personal ability, privilege and infallibility 
 
*clip*, 
 
I, refuse to admit the possibility of error and failure 
Even in the face of irrefutable evidence and intractable problems. 
 
Yeah, this beat just bangin', leave my feet: ding-danglin', underneath the sheets 
Call me that Wicked Witch of East 
That beast of this whole project, got the God Complex hanging on by a thread
got the lady in the red dress to bed 
Yeah. These dreams are just lucid, 
My power is far from gifted. I cannot rank myself with the commons 
Im just trying to beat you seat, you be more. The merry mother geese, 
Jesus Jospeh owes us. My name is Jonas 
Enough of that clock talk just more of that. God talk four 
Better cap that G or you'll catch this cap, my G 
We just getting buried up in Gettysburg 
Replay, some shit. They be like what 
And no more who's cause. All my where's went into my cup 
This meal is a must when we outa love. 
Instead of these hugs flash, my mother, a deuce, not thinkin' about what I can
lose 
Cause now Booth's got the barrel of ferrel livin' pointed straight to Mr.
Lincoln's, head 
And on the bed of his death. He gets a full page in the yearbook at best yeah 
, 
*clip*
, 
