The Deployment Lyrics
by 4th25.


Its only 3 months out and I still can't believe im leaving.
Out here on the railhead sweating, loading these trains on the weekend.
And now for the first time ever it's startin to sink in.
How far were fittin to fly away, and my family, might not ever see em again.
Cause this year could turn to forever where we're headed.
Plus what to expect I have no idea so for anything im ready.
Tryin not to see the stress building in the eyes of my family.
But everyday is more weight for 'em and its getting so heavy.
They collapsing under the pressure of the situation we all facing.
Me im trying to remain calm for 'em though inside my hearts racing.
Got the worst on my mind though these thoughts I try to replac 'em.
And I don't even know if im comin home but I tell 'em… I'm gonna make it.
4 hours before my flight now, tears forming on our faces.
And for these last few hours reality can no longer escape us.
Told ourselves this won't happen, now its happening and we can't change it.
So in these last minutes we say bye, to say hi a year later.

Look I was madder then a motherfucker, sadder then a motherfucker.
3 days before my exit I guess im trapped up in this fucker.
To a future unknown and I say damn I really hate it.
Cause I know if I was to die today they'd go find myself a replacement.
Gave me more of a reason to ask god and myself why.
But I was saved by my manhood stayed in tact didn't let me cry.
Made me more of a man knowin the normal couldn't hack it.
Feeling like im Jordan or something rising above and beyond the fucking.
average.
Equipped with anger for any stranger that tags along through my journey.
No goodbyes to my family adding pages to life's story.
Slowly and surely closing up all unfinished business.
Dead all my affairs to the rear cause my social life now is finished.
And with god as my witness I'm not the only one that's going through it.
And I'll never be alone cause my comrades is going thru it.
Adding gas to the flame knowing life it isn't fair.
But really pissed me off the most is half my country didn't even care.

Kiss my family goodbye its time to load these planes.
4 duffel bags for the next year all I got to my name.
Only 4 changes a clothes and every outfit looks the same.
Got this rifle slung on my shoulder with 7 loaded magazines.
On my way over to the last place I ever thought I'd see.
Where they tell me its millions of people that need me to set em free.
So in exchange for they freedom I put my own life on freeze.

Knowin some of us won't make it back but that's the gamble we take, and we.
handle it.
Cause we are soldiers and we play the cards we are handed.
However they fall, let fate call it cause for war there is no planning.
And some of the things that's gon happen here y'all will never understand them.
But just remember this is not you here standin.
And while were gon pray for each one of us like we were part of your familiy.
And whatever fate we are handed know we took it like champions.
And for those of us who will fall never let our memory be abandoned.

