The World Lyrics
by Sweetness.


An open letter to the world.
The meek shall inherit the earth.
They putting pricetags on things that aren't meant to have a worth.
Taking it all for granted, when we should realize that we came from dirt.
7 Billion &amp; counting, the identity of the cultures becoming worse.
Focused on material things, when we need to believe in something more.
Living like we celebratin', but what are we celebratin' for?
See, I was born for the white collar.
But the problems there are far from smaller.
On the streets or in the office, they'll still kill ya for a dollar.
The freedom illusion mixed with explicit collusion.
Detroit, was just the first to go off the Bankruptcy assembly line.
Propaganda clouding the mind.
A whole society living in view of the Hollywood Sign.
The irony landmine.
Change, it's about time.
They want us to conform, but I'll always be one a kind.

Sweetness and Romy Bizz.
If the world is a ghetto, then the politicians are the gangsters.
Money is the root of all evil, put trail to the bankers.
Romy Bizz.
The hand that holds up the torch of liberty getting a little tired.
The products of our neighborhoods, some assembly required.
Romy Bizz.
For a quart of oil they cuttin down 100 trees.
Piece of paper that cost 100 g's.
White man shootin'.
Hittin more than Larry Bird putting up 100 3's.
You can bulletproof everythang.
It won't change a damn thang.
Romy Bizz.

All these conspiracies, deprived liberties, I think we should be afraid.
Been teaching us wrong since the 1st grade.
History like the wrong turn of events like the JFK Motorcade.
Poetic justice to Shakespeare's grave.
Cursed be he that moves my bones.
The Georgia Guidestones.
Cryptic leaders sitting on top the Rosetta Stone Throne.
The info wars, can't take no more.
Amelia Earhart was already found on the ocean floor.
Roswell, New Mexico.
Retired officials saying the extraterrestrials really did soar.
60 years later, imagine the encore.
It only took us 70 to go from horse and carriage to settling the Space Race.
score.
What really happened on the moon.
Now we holding back lasers because it's too soon.
It's hard to see the bigger picture when you're focused in on zoom.
Horrible that sweeping it under the rug becomes something to assume.
The secret society communes.
Sic Semper Tyrannis, since the days of Grey's and Blue's.
Owls that go hoo.
Capulet's and Montague's.

To sit and watch the world burn, that is something I cannot do.
The modern age Manifest Destiny of free thought.
Trying to get the kids out the ghetto before they get caught.
But school books cost more than a brand new Glock.
Rest in Peace to Biggie and 2 Pac.
We know the people who pulled trigger of the fatal shots.
But how did the ancients move 100 ton blocks.
And cut em perfectly smooth like Crown Royal on the rocks.
The science of controlling the public with tobacco leaves.
Johnny Appleseed for the Newtons and Adam and Eves.
Vin Diesel grabbing the car keys.
Breaking the laws just to feel free.
It's in our nature to question, But what do you believe?
One Nation Indivisible.
One nation that's stereotypical.
People living their lives according to what's biblical.
Religious Jihads, the spiritual and physical.
Knowledge is power.
Y'all so simple, my mind is on another level.
My third eye is wide open.
Looking for inner silence, but I stay outspoken.

