The Movement Lyrics
by Uniq Mic.


Everything's moving but I stay the same.
The fire keeps burning inside me.
I stay the same.

I stopped stressing the day I knew Pac got haters.
Jesus had protestors.
Like nobody swore: nobody cursed.
Like Edward Modrake, some are two faced.
Fake ass friends like they got butt implants.
You better beware like pants.
We living in a time Mayans never saw.
Everything is possible, I hear my soul.
Speak, Rayfane told me we can make it so I did what I can.
Never dumb it down, now they know am the man.
I literally defeated them: Removed their feet.
Just to make em understand, a chance they dont stand.
I wear the legends shoes, they a perfect fit.
Join my movement, we will make it in the end.
Now I got the best bars, u can ask a drunkard.
Like the child of a white &amp; a black, my dream is coloured.
Tidacase told me Kid, push your things, concentrate.
Be like me, believe in faith &amp; not fate.

The pressure outside us is rising eachday.
I'm watching the steam on me.
? each day.
Everything's moving but I stay the same.
The fire keeps burning inside me.
I stay the same.

I got a history like I wasn't private browsing.
I came alone like I was masturbating.
I wasn't really penetrating.
The hearts of music fans, it was devastating.
Now I'm making beats for the heart: Pacemaker.
Hoping you feel em when you breathe, am no faker.
Failure, she can't seduce me like Julius ama cease'er.
Tryna find Victory but she a teaser.
Playing hide and seek, &amp; yet we all know she fully grown.
I guess in her mind she thinks I'll be gone.
But I'm drawn.
Closer to the game.
I hope she gets the picture, it remains the same.
Prim told me I'm gifted &amp; different.
So I made my name &amp; I am here to prove it.
I just wanna inspire, you can join my movement.
That's my heart desire, for us to speak the same language fluent.
Ama help preach the ghetto gospel.
Mayne I told you ama put our flag on the North Pole.

The pressure outside us is rising eachday.
I'm watching the steam on me.
? each day.
Everything's moving but I stay the same.
The fire keeps burning inside me.
I stay the same.

Yeah, Uniq Mic on it.
Don't let em pull you down.
VeNoM on the beat.
The used to say we couldn't make it.
Now every time we in the lab it's like we Dexter.

