The Influence (On Her) Lyrics
by 3rdiiiUth.


Just me and you standing in my room.
With your head in the stereo, the speakers go boom.
Whatever you tryna do, I can lock the door.
Smoke some good weed then go out for more.
Just me and you standing in my room.
Touching on your body, ain't no need to act shy.
I know you feel the vibe by the look in your eyes.
And you ain't got shit to do, so let me get you high.

Watch me as I gravitate towards you.
Your ways so appealin.
Getting to my feelings.
Got my feel on, we fucking till dawn.
Deep inside it feels right, but in reality it's wrong because.
Girl you gotta man on the side.
I'm your one nite stand.
Like Vans, you wanna ride.
And if it's so, we'll take it nice and slow.
Would've gone faster, but the drinks was low.
How I find you in the spot with all the classy hoes.
That make niggas go nuts like pistachios.
When they rock their ass back both back in forth.
And the hater bitches come in that be packin more, but.
As long as you ride me at a nice speed.
And you gettin highed up off of my weed.
Ain't no thing what these ratchet bitches say.
Cause at the end of the day you riding wit me.
It's like...

Lets get it crack-a-lackin.
Mackin bitches like I'm Goldie.
Bagging young bitches, dumb bitches, even oldies.
Indeed all the hoes want the dick like it's Moby.
But when they attacking, I get the smacking bitches.
Like I'm Jody.
High as hell, yet still, I rock the heavens well.
Plucking wings, poppin kings, until the heavens fell.
And I mean, when angels in your room it's really hard to tell.
If its a wet dream or was it oh so really real so.
Pop this molly shawty, it'll probably have you stalling.
And probably have you dropping pants, like ants in them probably.
My dick is calling, for your punani mommy.
Ooo this shit so easy-peasy watching bitch's follies.
You bi? Fuck, I like that too.
Gotta rock protection man, bitches got that flu.
So sit back, relax girl, tell your friend to relax too.
And let me do me, so I can do you.

Hey my love, come and play my love.
Stereos in your ears as you lay, I rub.
Promiscuous with a kiss of the finest pleasure.
Hidden treasures to the finest measure.
Vibe out as I try to spread your thighs out.
Just a menace, puffin spinach, till my eyes pop out.
Crack a window, until the indo dies down.
And you was a G, so dont try to cry now.
Not to be disrespectful, just thought that I should let you.
Know that im professional at anything that's sexual.
And really I really wanna txt you.
Promise that your daddy won't catch you, cause.
I believe we can blow up like c4.
Don't mean to be a jackass like Eeyore, but before.
We create this toxic cloud of loud, choke.
No worries take off and float.

Do you smoke?

Do you drink?

Are you willing to pop pills?

She said that there, and then after a blink.
She was throwing up blood on the bathroom sink.
Damn.
I tried to warn her.
To much fucking mollies I guess.

