The Acid Rap Lyrics
by Unnamed.


It all starts with weed, so innocent and green.
All it takes is one bong to get you feeling lean.
Then you fly in the sky and you join the clouds.
But you cry and you cry when you come back down.
So you need to get more, just to get the feeling back.
But it's never as good, now one bong feels whack.
And you need at least two to get high off this crap.
Next thing you know you're in an abandoned flat.
Cause you smoked in the house and your parents kicked you out.
Now you're saving money for a tenth of an ounce.
And every time you see cops you know you gotta bounce.
You're out at a party, you're feeling kind of tipsy.
And you're also high, which makes your lips feel crispy.
So you drink more alcohol to heal your cotton mouth.
And that's when your buddies whip the package out.
Line up the white powder, take a snort and shout.
God damn, now that's what I'm talking about.
He sets you a line, and you walk to the table.
Snort it all, and you start feeling unstable.
Everything is spinning, coke's dripping from your nasal.
You feel yourself rocking, like a baby in a cradle.
Walk to the front door, and explore the dark streets.
You're scared stiff, but you're still moving your feet.
Twitching like a maniac and looking like a freak.
You're happy on the outside but the fear runs deep.
You've been followed, it's the guys from the party.
They say, do you want to see something gnarly?
And obviously you do, it's human nature.
They say Put this on your tongue and you will see the flavour.
The tab hits the tip and the colours are brighter.
This is where you learn that you no longer need a lighter.
Cause a tab of acid costs no more than a fiver.

You tell yourself that you'll only do it one time.
Now the demons say 'Your ass is mine!
You're living the acid rap.

You say it isn't as bad as what people say it is.
As you feel your brain begin to fizz.
You're living the acid rap.

Last week you said you never would.
Now you follow the witch through the woods.
You're living the acid rap.

Have fun with the LSD.
Because soon you will R.I.P.
You'll never make it back.

You're officially tripping balls and you feel insane.
You know now that you don't need cocaine.
That shit's for the punkers with holes in their veins.
And weed never had this effect on your brain.
You feel invincible, this shit makes you wonder.
What kind of spell have you been put under?
That's when you see the witch.
The one responsible for this.
The witch says to you, Follow me and I will make you rich.
So you agree and you begin to follow the bitch.
As you see the truth unfold around you.
You're out of the street, and the lights are out too.
It's pure darkness, the only light you can see.
Is the moonlight, breaking out through the trees.
The witch continues to walk, and you still follow.
You feel like a civilian of Sleep Hollow.
Being haunted by demons wherever you go.
At that very moment, the witch starts to float.
She travels forward, into the night sky.
You follow her, and you don't know why.
But you don't look down, there's no more ground.
You're about to walk off of the edge of the town.
You're about to fall, the floor ends here.
And what begins is a drop, but you're too filled with fear.
You don't pay attention and before you know it.
You walk off the cliff and begin to plummet.
The witch laughs at you, and you laugh back.
You had no idea that one tab of acid could do that.
Your life was taken, because you tripped to hard.
Your mother and father are forever mentally scarred.
If they didn't kick you out, you wouldn't be in their hearts.
You'd be in their home, they wouldn't have traded you like Pokémon cards.
Your life and death wouldn't be a public mock.
But now you're just a bloody mess laying on the rocks.
Weed is the gateway drug, so if you didn't do it.
Then somebody else would and have their life ruined.

You tell yourself that you'll only do it one time.
Now the demons say 'Your ass is mine!
You're living the acid rap.

You say it isn't as bad as what people say it is.
As you feel your brain begin to fizz.
You're living the acid rap.

Last week you said you never would.
Now you follow the witch through the woods.
You're living the acid rap.

Have fun with the LSD.
Because soon you will R.I.P.
You never made it back.

