The Best Lyrics
by Viva Fidel.

WHEN YOU SEE ME, YOU SEE THE BEST!

Take the artistic expression , straight from the heart.
Then straight to the world so yall can pick'em apart.
Have me hesitating, cause I'm educating.
Careful communication creating a capsule of time.
Compiled in rhymes , word into scripture.

No superstitions at all or luck involved.
I signed myself up for the job and i finally took my spot.
Never intended to pretend to get to the top - this is HIP HOP.
So many things to so many people.
And its so powerful its almost illegal.
The power of the people eloquently stated.
The universal language , something sacred.
And I'm telling stories that the ancients told.
Every since I was a youngster I felt old.
Now I'm forever, writing timeless letters.
For generations to come.
Send'em across the world at the push of a button , it ain't nothin.....

WHEN YOU SEE ME, YOU SEE THE BEST!

The epitome of ME thats all I can be.
So take ya own advice and live ya own life.
This that spotlight-speed-mental-redemption.
She said what that mean?
Baby just listen...
We so in the moment can't waste a second.
Using what we know to help us learn what we don't.
So I beg'em to listen, but most of'em won't.
Pouring out my soul into the cell phone notes.
Phone home quotes, ufo smoke, head phone dope.
They call me 'Viva' - cause i'm immortalized.
Now rewind my lines and see what you've been missing.
Promise land vision, 3rd eye wisdom.
When you see me, you see what i'm saying.
Stand firm , listen and learn, this is ya only concern.

Gigalo JG:.
Operate on my own terms believe in my song words.
I ain't gone lie thats why i'm so fly.
On a beat my creative juices pump like adrenaline.
A walking beat factory the way I be producing.
I know the spirit with me he will never steer me wrong.
Before this song the microphone was'nt even coming on.

Or what shall I say to feel like it was forsaken.
Music is my life and this life is fantastic.
Be blessed to find ya passion with all ya might kept at it.
And I'm a end on that one , pass it on to some one.
Gigalo JG each one teach one!

