The Pain Lyrics
by Tyler Cassidy.


Make the pain go away 
Cuz. I can't wait for tomorrow, 
Make the pain go away, 
And, take away all my sorrows, 
 
It's, something I don't understand something I just can't explain. 
A super-power keeps me folding, like a crane 
And right before my everything is shoveled down the drain, 
You shelter me again and I remain without a stain, 
 
Insane. I'Ve been that way for way too long. 
Cuz. The pressure for success can drive a man to do wrong. 
A brand new being I sing a brand new song 
I feel like King Kong, K-K-K-King Kong, 
 
Cuz, I'm in love with something that I know I'll, never have 
I walk the loneliest of paths sunny you. Don'T know the half 
You only see me when I laugh, but I have an Achilles 
And. It kills me to know that you will never know the real me 
 
It lulls me to sleep, and I don't ever wan na wake up 
Not another day where I'm cakin' on this make-up, 
I just wan na be be blessed.. I just wan na bleed less 
Don't wan na live my life with all these regrets. She says: 
 
Cuz, underneath of every single smile that I crack 
There's an emptiness I have, and it's always breakin' my back 
The heaviness of nothingness. I don't see the fun in this 
I've, never smelled the roses cuz. I only know what running is 
 
I, wan na know who's running this. It'S time to shut the show down. 
Balls against the wall is the only way I know how 
See how they leave me here to die until I bleed out 
Til, I muster up the mother fu**ing energy to scream out 
 
Stop now., Please don't., Please help. Dear self. 
This is me talkin' to me, as I near hell, 
The fire burns sure as heck. 1
2 Life check, 
Livin' like this always makes me like life, less 
 
Tip top of the Eiffel with a rifle, it's stiflin, hot 
With, my finger on the trigger that I might Pull 
Might not who knows Blow open
a new hole, 
Unpredictable and crazy. That'S my tag-team duo, 
 
Cuz one day, I'll explode and retire from this long life 
Not another nightmare., Not another long night, 
Not another night of walkin' streets until the sky's bright 
Not. Another day where I'm chasin' after the lime light 
 
Not another day, where I'm afraid I'm gon na blow up 
Go nuts walk into the bank. This is a hold up 
Shoot until a cop fires. Five into my left side 
And, the sherrif has to come and tell my mother mam. Your son died 
 
No. I can't let it happen like that. 

I got ta learn to fight back before I read my own memorial 
God already showed me and that isn't how the story goes. 
 
God already told me that I'd be a king one day, 
And, that's the only reason I try and avoid the gun-play 
The only reason I don't drive the wrong way down a one-way 
Someday. My life is gon na change some day, 
 
