The Sharpest Blade Lyrics
by Viro the Virus.

Viro The Virus.
*Yeah*.
Make some noise for your boy.
When I see the crowd bounce like the ?
I'm out my skull boy.
Blown off the dro with a heineken tall boy.
A lean mean rhyming machine.
Shine like afro sheen when I'm live on the scene.
Strike it like a lightning beam.
The type to even need a team of MC's like rice and beans.
You should know what it is.
No flow that you know can go toe-to-toe with the kid.
See the swagger is authentic.
Get the game on the line and the rapper gonna win it.
I'll make you wanksters learn.
When the V is in the house close your mouth and wait your turn.
Get your finger out your nose, pay attention to the flow.
Cause when I spit it's greatness confirmed.

There's a new sheriff in town.
You should really know by now.
I ain't fooling around, such a beautiful sound whenever I put it down.
There's a new sheriff in town.
You should really know by now.
I ain't fooling around, such a beautiful sound whenever I put it down.

Viro The Virus.
Yo these niggas don't excite me.
All they do is hate on the flow, even though all of their ho's like me.
I tell 'em nah babe, can't be my wifey.
But play your cards right I'll make sure you're laid nightly.
I ain't playin to win.
I say every day a ladyfriend drains me like some Transylvanian.
Rub my coat sonny.
It's money over playboy bunnies and weed over all that's not money.
Literary genius, fuck the dummies.
Got a bunch of honeys bugging me to touch my chubby.
It's nothing, I'm so dope I'm disgusting.
Most potent poet to put his quotes to percussion.
When I do, it's over no discussion.
Expose the ? turkey, tell 'em hold the stuffing.
Leave him as dead meat, resting in peace with no stress.
Unless it's Jeff on the beat.

Viro The Virus.
Otherworldly but from Jersey.
Serving something worthy to bump in your truck riding dirty swerving.
Front like I ain't putting work in.
Get dealt with heat and helping of hurtin'.
Earn my crown, giving no favors.
It's a no-brainer that there ain't a flow greater, yeah.
I make it raw like no chaser.
Most fake the funk or they the fraud with no paper.
Stay fresh as Jersey tomatoes.
The best that ever have his words burn from CD players.
I'm like Jesus with the gospel.
Scared of the ? beside the imposter apostles.
They can't rock it like I do.
It's a landslide, couldn't lose if I tried to.
I spit the best when I speak and got no stress.
Unless it's Jeff on the beat.

Scratching and samples overlap.
Check it, my method on the microphone's bangin'.
?

The format is real sickening.

Check it, my method on the microphone's bangin'.
?

Can't touch the flow.

