The Game Don't WaitAmbition Lyrics
by Ruslan.

Part 1: The Game Don't Wait. 
 
I feel the wind on my face: 
Feel the sun on my eyes, 
Makes me squint for a second, as if I'm mad I'm alive 
Yeah, I was selling them dubs 
And. I was selling them dimes 
But. I did that by instinct. Call it my animal side. 
You know I got to survive, 
You know them other dudes thrive 
And. When I'm hugging, the block 
You know we bound to collide. 
This is cold out here, 
Southern California, cold out here 
Though. We had gold out here 
So they rush for the best secret unkept 
The state known for having the most dreams. Unmet 
Yet. There is no other place. I'D be living life 
Hustling to survive yeah. I know I ain't living right, 
, 
Another dollar. For another day 
Boy. You better get right, get right, 
Hear them holla from a mile away. 
Cause the game. Don'T wait for no one 
No one 
Game! Don'T wait for no one 
Boy! You better get right! 
Getcha, getcha game, tight, 
Game flight 
 
How. Am I supposed to survive. 
On minimum wage nine to five 
These dead-end jobs can't keep me alive. 
And the homies keep asking me what it's hittin for 
All I see around me - are churches and liquor stores. 
The cost of living is outlandish. 
So. Most of my payday loans are outstanding. 
On a corner, nothing to do tell the truth. I hate it 
Never been jumped in, but I'm more than affiliated 
Growing up here goes down from where you're from to where you at 
At the wrong place at the wrong time, and they bound to lay you flat. 
Tattoo tear drops symbolizing who's gone 
And. I don't need you to tell me what I'm doing is wrong. 
You. Don'T think that I know that 
Look I've been saving for a minute to go straight and eventually I'll own, that 
Halfway legit the other side, ain't feeling right. 
Hustling to survive yeah, I know I ain't living right. 
 
I just need a little sunrise to shine on my mind. 
And. Maybe I might make it outta here. 
The homie went to college on a scholarship, 
They told me. I should take my resume and polish. It 
Or maybe go to beauty school and own a barber shop, 
How cool, would it be if I got to call the shots 
But. I got this music thing and I feel, like I got hold of that 
But. I'Ve came too far to all a sudden, be going back. 
 
No one was going to bring him success. 
No one was going to hand him anything. 
Many would be there to tell him he couldn't make it 
There would be obstacles in his path. 
Some would even attempt to knock him down 
But. He wasn't waiting for anyone to offer a hand to pick him up 
See. He knew he would have to do it himself. 
He knew he would have to do for himself. 
 
Part 2 Ambition, 
 
He was focused on his path 
But when ambition meets desperation, 
Lines get crossed 
Focused on his rise. 
He was determined to get it by any means. 
 
Let's talk about ambition, 
Let's talk about that cake, walk 
Oh yeah. We make it happen. 
We, don't care about what they talk. 
Cause we play on 
Hustling, raps must've become my day job 
Every time I just enter a city. They asking me: why don't you stay long, 
Anxious to get back to the Cali weather in 
The state? Where weed is the number one medicine 
You got your green cards, so you think you're better than 
Those of us who are documented in the field. Let us in 
They want a piece of the American pie too 
And. They know we got enough of it to supply. You 
Us the one percent they think just fly through 
Eat, the majority of our meals from a drive through 
Incapable, of seeing our own luxury 
Or, a kings dream and what it is. He might have us to be 
Headed for a global awareness. That'S instead of trying to get ahead 
Easier to focus, I saw myself instead, 
 
When, the beast comes 
 
 
Ever been so hungry. 
You forgot to eat, 
Ever ran your mouth so much. You forgot how to speak. 
Ever exaggerate to the point. You forgot. What the truth was 
Ever start out, trying to help 
Only to become a nuisance. 
They never knew us 
But, they finna know us. Now, 
As we eat up all their free food like it's. An open house, 
Appetizers become dinners only eat with open mouths. 
Disrespectfully, I'm chewing eating all your colder styles 
Man f-, your couch 
And this plight for trying to win and get disciplined. I have no choice but to
focus. Now 
That is like my coaching style when I was in the desert. 

Rock bottom and 
Desperation 
Been flat broke, but that's not my destination. 
Any means necessary. No more time wasting 
God I see coming and I'm ready for these changes. 
 
We fail so many times we might as well give up. 
My brothers often cry. I think they had enough 
Sometimes we victims to them cups, 
Cause. Our upbringing was tough 
We're getting closer to the edge and our frustration. Ain'T, abrupt, pardon my
temper 
Hurry, like it's connected to my race and faster than Usain Bolt on this
track breaking records. 
That time, I'm packing. My effort, 
Like, I'm really gon', run 
No. One sat down to be better stand up and work against time. 
Time ticking, I'm a ticking bomb, tick 
Well! I help my people 
Or. Will I it more 
Soon I'll be going to have these lavish aspirations on my dreams? To be big
before, my expiration 
Want, my boys, out of bids 
We, take so much for granted. 
Our lives, ain't, perfect 
But. At least we managed to 
See the riches in spirit not on the flesh is damged. 
I made it this far. I ain't stopping all my praise to God. 
My hunger to be the best is what keeps me alive. 
 
Success was starting to find him 
But. Even still he was beginning to feel lost. 
All he knew was that he wanted something different 
He wanted. Relief. 
He was never one to send hollow prayers to fall on deaf ears or fill himself
with shallow hope, 
But through friendships and the divine encounter 
He began to realise that the physical hardships of chasing your dreams, 
Can often bring spiritual awakenings 
And in this case, 
He couldn't keep Living for the world that kept on forsaking him 
But, often times 
The gap between who we are 
And, who we want to be 
Can, be 
Too much to balance.
 
