The Night Lyrics
by Ruthless Ambition.


Then baby you must be an angel.
Cause when the light, hits you just right.
One could mistake you for a star.
That is exactly what you are...

Ju.
I use to pop up on you at the mall each day.
Working on your shifts I never ask what time is your break.
Working for two Journeys how you stay awake throughout the day.
And keep that angel face i have to chase when you walk away.
Well that's show business and work business I guess.
I'm so impress with your best and you say you showing less.
You say that man at your school look sexy with his chest.
Dancing around well your him to me no homo think less.
Of the physical but mental.
Listen to the instrumental.
I compare it to your beauty your look has music in its' potential.
So rare of a subject never mind it's the adjective.
Because you describe exquisite and everything that it has in it.
I already know how you feel about relationships.
But girl i'll take you on a ship so we could build relation.
Well once I get the money I can take you on vacation.
We can visit the Voodoo With Namir he'll say we're dating.
But you work so.

Then the night takes over, and you are nowhere to be found.
Your face in broken pieces, don't you look down.

You my reflection but you reflect a better side of me.
You ordered perfection but it came with a side of me.
You said it's alright with me.
That you were fine with me.
Said you my perfection.
You my first blessing.
Think about it so much you would have though it was my profession.
I Know that, I know that, I know that i said it.
You my reflection but you reflect a better side of me.
Said it was perfect even when we don't try to be.
But there's always complications Especially when you lie to me.
It wasn't perfect but we made it worth it.
I swear women's curse is.
Birth with no purpose.
Totally worthless to a father that ain't worth it.
Been afflicted by it so I pray to God that you heard this.
I don't care what he say baby girl you're perfect.
And any man who say you not then they ain't worth it.
Just know they can't hurt this.
Girl that's perfect.
But.

Who you are is the biggest factor.
Not because your a actress and I'm an actor.
Because then what happens, what happens after.
The drama is over what are we after.
I'm after the experience.
Not looking in to serious.
But I will get so serious.
You treated bad I'm furious.
Ezra will beat me up if I get out of hand.
So what you say you want to try this if so here's my hand.
Go and take it.
But be patient.
Not too patient because I leaned from waiting.
Too long the chance pasted.
Moved on You changing fast.
But I didn't Still here.
I know you use to call Amir.
To ask him stuff but all of it I hear.
But now we can't see you I guess you disappeared.
Because.

