The Things Your Man Won't Do Lyrics
by VK.

1, It's 1999 and it's scandalous 
Only in God. Do I trust 
Stay ready to bust the closest one to you. 
These are the things you think your man won't. Do. 
 
Everybody told me to peep game because this 
Sorry motha-fucka done got me into some shit. 
He got me bent 
But, I shoulda known since the first time that I saw the both of you 
Sittin' in the living room. 
Lookin' like Jennifer 2 was on the menu 
But, your destiny, baby and reality was headed for doom. 
What happened to the animalistic passion and thuggish 
Way we used to bone even when we wasn't alone 
In every category. I listed you a pro 
But now I know, but you don't know that I know you'se a ho 
This is a nigga. I took trips and hustled wit, 
My roll dawg. We was on some soulmate shit, 
The type of shit that make a man want. Just me 
I, let you feel my soul when I opened up and let you in me 
But you on some other shit ain't that right boo, 
I'm seconds away from makin'. You feel my 4-4 slug ooohh 
 
Heyyyyy 
Come on 
Come on 
 
Now. It might be ironic 
But somebody been playin' on the phone 
And every day it happened at night, you leave home 
Where, you been 
Who da hell, you got ta meet in the middle of the night. 
What you mean what I'm talkin''bout. I got hind-sight 
My, homie called me and told me: he got the tightest sticky 
So. I got a few elbows, so I could flip it. 
We shot the shit 
And. Then we attempted to put some shit on my mind: 
About you that made me trip 
You around me: sneakin' playin', freaky, deeky 
And, the busta. You was with ain't actin', like they cool wit me 
Went to school. Wit, me 
Now. You can't look me in my eyes. 
A little boy tryin' to be a man hidin' behind lies, 
You. The masta ain't got me 
Got a free ride in my trunk punk 
Why. Do you do the things you do? 
That ain't, the half - if it because this busta is a man just like you, 
 
Heyyyyy 
Come, on 
Come on 
 
I shouldn't be surprised, cause it be the hardest bustas 
The drive-by, shoot'em, up bang, bang, bustas 
Chocolate boss, slidin' in and out the butt bustas 
Don't. Stutter I say one word right now: 
I shoulda listened to my homies 
That told me about you. Hauntin, maybe 
This explains the fuckin' shit stains 
Not only in the back, but in the front of your Range 
OH GOD. You must be testin' me to see 
If, I'm gon' be the old me or the new G 
Saw you at the resturaunt exchangin' fuck faces 
So stay your ass and twisted right over these lyricists 
I can start all over. Just like the book of Genesis. 
And DO N'T touch me cause. I don't know where your ass been 
It ain't, my fault, you let your homeboy run up in it. 
I can't imagine you fuckin' wit, KY, Jelly 
Best, believe you gon' pay for what you did to me. 
 
Heyyyyy 
Come on 
Come on 
 
