The Grind Lyrics
by Zio zane.


You know you got this fantasy in your head: 
Obout gettin'out of the life and 
Settin' that other world on its ear 
What, the fuck. Are you gon na do except hustle 
 
Alright InZane, Majestic 
Yeah, Get it 
, 
I told my homies. Anything is possible. 
We ain't! Never stop moving call it. The turntable 
Silent sound in the hood that makes the world shake. 
My nigga, follow your dreams, cuz them hoes, fake, 
No square. In my circle, only loyal, niggas 
Malcolm X should had never trust them. Smilling niggas 
Death around the corner. We ain't! Never turning right, 
Tryna live long enough to blink cuz, my future bright 
Man. I can't wait. That'S why I'm on my grind, 
You fucked up your chance. Guess this my time 
Told my baby momma! I promise imma, make it count. 
Different timezone yeah! I swear imma make it count: 
Whole team shoot for me, man, it's goin down, 
I, feel like shitting on you niggas. I feel I'm Kobe Bryant 
Yeah im a laker baby, never fuck around. I mean 
From place 2 place. Do it 4. The team 
New face done. Lacing man, I'm racing 
I pace up in case you dont know I'm paving the way for the racists, 
Young priest with a full soul. I do exist 
Go ahead. Fuck wit me, you may exit 
This is my world baby ya'll on rent baby 
Nothing is for sale, got them rands, baby, 
Born InZane, I barely swim. Call me fly fish 
Step, one is the grind step. Two is a fly, bitch 
Never. Let a pussy nigga tell you, can't do 
Get married to your life nigga''yeah. I do'' 
Preaching words in the jungle. Niggas get jealous 
Spit the the shit over here. The government gon jail us 
My circle. So tight. My life is like a movie 
James, be God long. Live the kid blue, like ivy 
What, you know bout me. I want my face on the paper 
See, I'm young Obama niggas, don't vote for drama 
Being grinding all summer, this a cold world 
I'm. The global warming started as a sauna, 
So fuck the world this. How I'm feeling 
I wear my heart on my sleeve? The game is all I'm seeing 
'' Yeah, I do'' is what you heard from the two of us 
Dream. Would I ever wake up in the tour bus 
Nahh got ta get it wit, my eyes, open 
Pray to God our friendship be never broken, 
'Go to church' and learn more bout being forgiven, 
In the city living life. I think I been to heaven 
Motivation in my pocket, got it from a nurse 
Illest morforker at the finish line. First 
All, my old haters gave up wit a mind, cursed 
Money flow like water, I'll, never die from thirst, 
So. What you saying nigga, what you saying! 
I write my own shit shout out to my clique 
Always sing for the moon, but she never sleep. 
I ain't, outchea, playing, hide and seek 
Still. Niggas can't find me so heard. Em say: 
Still Niggas can't play me so heard: em say: 
Olly olly, oxen, free *4, 
Nigga, Im outchea
 
