The Zoo Lyrics
by Zoo Babies.


From the land with tractors,.
To the city of raptors.
Got it backwards, not your average.
My man is dropping bows like Randy Savage.
How'd this happen, Harman announced the plays like John Madden, why you askin.
?
Zoo over everything, I'm just a fraction.
They relaxin.
We hungry never tasted satisfaction, time for action.
Couple masked men, big beard attraction, why you laughin.
Is something funny, yeah your're head smashed in.
Belong up in the mansion, with the babies still trapped in the Zoo.

Please don't give up on yourself tonight.
Don't ever let them control your life.
Forget your fears and do what you like.
I won't let go, just promise you'll hold tight.

People be running they mouth, so they knees be taking that rout.
Jaws keep movin, im pursuing.
The dream team, Man im Zoo-ing.
They be the reason I'd keep doin, reach goals I keep movin, keep on telling me.
lies.
You know, I, see through it.
Living my life, every second counts.
Barely a scratch in my account, ain't enough.
All fucked up,currency that we made up.
People layed up, nothing to eat, in the streets, fuck in the streets.
Society oppresses me, so a quality I never see.
BANG!

I've been so down, I know falling ain't easy.
If I give you my heart, just promise you won't leave me.

Please don't give up on yourself tonight.
Don't ever let them control your life.
Forget your fears and do what you like.
I won't let go, just promise you'll hold tight.

Took a village to raise a child,.
that much was transparent.
My afternoons were spend with uncles, aunts, and grandparents.
Cousins, huddled over stove-tops, three generations under one roof.
With juxtaposed thoughts of what was left behind, and the grind for a better life.
But what was better was inconclusive, elusive.
Whatever it was, we just knew it wasn't where we were.
So we scattered ourselves over continents, and found solace in faith, but.
often felt that was misplaced.
When it was shaken by tremors and pressures, that were perceived as foreign to.
us.

Made our homes using hands with arthritic bones, Mom's shifted from graveyard.
to graveyard.
And Pops survived the last round of layoffs, but held his breath until the.
next time.
And confines and limitations, interfering in the war between identity and.
assimilation.
Conflicting concepts of preservation, so, we were measured against standards.
of beauty and intelligence that were not our own.
So the same freedoms unafforded by everyone, and that means home is never.
really home, we just accept what's.
around us, to survive and make do, much like animals in a Zoo.

like.
Slave songs leading us to coordinates of passage, away from this, the only.
environment we've ever known.
Which has grown to become claustrophobic.
And below the stoic façade of an all-tolerant god, exist the Zoo Babies.
Now go and marinate on that for a minute....

