The Premier Lyrics
by Ryan Bowers.


We should examine carefully.
We interrupt this record to bring you a special bulletin.

The other day I thought about jumping from Sunset Cliffs.
Head first, splat!! Good night kids.
Shout out to all the fucking drugs that provide my stress.
Try to save up to get this tumor off my chest.
My dad just had surgery while I was at tour.
Grateful to have a dad, some don't when they're born.
I wonder what the fuck am I working so hard for.
So I can pull up, nice car and bad broad.
With fake tits and ass shots and silicon scars.
Big lips but in ten years they'll be deformed?
No! Fuck these hoes and fuck that shiny shit.
Trying to build a dynasty and enterprise up off the rhyming shit.
Get a mind of a mad scientist ? to devise.
A plan to spray my name on the side of Obama's crib.
Just to make a mark, you know to make it stick.
If you think I'm corny cause I'm friends with Nick then suck a dick.
I been through more shit than a sewage pipe.
Me and moms used to have to find a place to sleep at night.
Either in the motel room or the car.
At least we had a car, look at the bright side of the dark.
I been gone so long, got no friends anymore.
My love life so weak, probably marry my skateboard.
Thinking 'bout death on the daily but can you blame me?
Eighty days on the road can make anybody go crazy.
My mind fucked, working to find bucks.
Nice rims on the car but I can't gas this bitch up.
That's the rap life, no I don't fake.
Only day I take a bitch from is noodles at my place.
Top ramen and a beer, call it wine and dining.
She let me fuck and bust a nut and I just stop trying.
Well damn, at least I got mine.
That's the best 30 seconds of your life girl, stop lying.
That's why I'm focused on the grip.
Cause you can't buy time but you can buy a bitch.
That's the realness, it's all about the ends.
Mouthpiece and the beers can take you girlfriend.
Real shit, especially a tour bus.
This shit is like a pussy getting shortcut.
Your stuck on buying drinks and getting juiced up.
I can guarantee my life is more fun.
Seen the chick suck four dicks in one visit.
Then get off the bus for her boyfriend and they started kissing.
That's some shit, losing my mind.
But I plan to be around for a real long time.
You bitch.

Maybe you can learning something.
Maybe you can learning something.
That's how the game goes.
That's what I'm about.
That's how the game goes.
That's what I'm about.
That's how the game goes.
That's what I'm about.
That's how the game goes.
That's what I'm about.
That's how the game goes.
That's what I'm about.

