The Chop Shop Lyrics
by Twisted Insane.


Hey, what's up man 
You wan na race, 
Yeah, just a friendly race, 
Lets say from here to the end of the beat 
On your marks get set, go 
 
Finna beat the instrumental like it was a denim 
I'll, be in your mental fill'em on the middle 
Every Time I sit and think about the Voodoo 
They be happy and I'm on'em wake up and 
I knew the mommy was a goner 
Papa, never run away. Now, put the gun away. 
Before, a bullet's put up in your fruit loop, 
With, a deuce, deuce I'mma, put a bullet hole up. 
In your brain, the size of Bruce Bruce 
I'ma, dominate it with abomination, 
What. You think it really doesn't matter. 
Put a body part up on a platter, 
Someone. Better! Listen ,'fore. You come up missing, 
Put'em in a kitchen, bitchin', never get you nothing! 
But a kitchen knife up in your bladder 
When I run up. On'Em put the gun up. On'Em 
Nigga feel the pressure when I meet him 
Beastin' with a demon knockin' at my do'. 
Is anybody home, I'm outta my mind, I'm psycho 
Makin' it wicked and sick. I might go and I 
Finish ya. Throwin' your head in a pit, 
A murderer servin' up put'em in oven, I'm 
Loving to eat a bitch spine tonight, 
I'm choppin''em up! Are they ready for Jason and 
Freddy, and turning your brain to spaghetti- 
Confetti to celebrate 
nobody up on the level 
Not, even the devil, nigga 
Funny, as I make a wish, 
you make a diss and 
See. If anybody listen to you, when I'm pissin 
On you and your face put
you in a grave 
Better, get a shovel nigga 
Ain't, no competition, I don't really care 
Who. It is what his name is. How famous 
His anus is. I am just better 
They, don't want it with the dangerous 
Uncaged and untamed individual 
In. Your brain and put two through your sweater 
I, be on a different level. 
They, don't wan na meddle with me in the ghetto 
Foot up on the pedal. If you wan na settle 
With me, I will pull up on you in the drop top 
Blastin''em in that ass put'em in a bag. 
Drug'Em, though the grass matter fact 
When, I leave a motherfucker leakin' 
I'ma bring him up in the Chop: Shop, yeah, 
 
Choppin'. Everybody ain't no competition, 
 
Welcome to the Chop Shop 
Nobody on it whenever they want it, 
I hit'em with double up
triple quadruple, 
And nigga. Nobody can fuck with me 
 
I keep on bussin'. I hit you with choppas 
And chop you to bits 
Bust with the blammer 
hit you with the rammer 
My hammer will spit 
Try. We will light him up. Somebody tie him up 
Fry him to grits 
Come. If they want to them run up on me, they will 
Die with this shit. 
 
Everybody wan na be a chopper nigga pop off 
I be animated, but I really wan na run and 
Spit. The venom in they
face 
I will barbecue a nigga fuck around and try'na 
Step up to the plate. 
Hope, you got your runnin' shoe. 
When I be gunnin', fool, won't be no close race, 
I burn rubber ain't, no other mothafuckin', Sickopatomous, 
Simple and plain I'm really-really bad and can't nobody stand me 
Fuck around and get your noodle in a bowl, 
I challenge. Anybody bring it to me. If you want that shit 
I bring it to you in a minute, and I will not finish 
Until I rip through your skull, 
It's obvious. I make you nervous every time I come around. You 
Ain't it funny, because I been patient, 
Ain't, no, better sensation, nigga 
Won't! You take a lesson from the monster: 
Puttin' everybody and they mama to the Matrix, 
Don't, say shit just turn around and run the 
Fuck away before I hunt ya 
I be on a different level. 
They, don't wan na meddle with me in the ghetto 
Foot up on the pedal. If you wan na settle 
With me, I will pull up on you in the drop top 
Blastin''em in that ass put'em in a bag. 
Drug'Em, though the grass matter fact 
When. I leave a motherfucker leakin' 
I'ma, bring him up in the Chop: Shop, yeah, 
, 
Choppin'; everybody ain't; no competition, 
 
Welcome to the Chop Shop 
Nobody on it whenever they want it, 
I hit'em with double up 
triple quadruple, 
And nigga. Nobody can fuck with me 
 
Somebody. Wake me up outta my sleep 
Tell me, I'm dreamin', they see me. They want me to be taken off of my feet
 
They, crazy, you peepin' so much. I be wonderin' how, in the fuck I'mma gon na be
up in the club, with the heat, try'na catch a nigga that wan na leap 
Put'em all up in that Chop, Shop 
Get cropped off in a drop top 
Nigga. This Insane runnin''fore, they 
Comin' at you with the knock off 
-Knock-knock 
-Who. Is it 
-Orange 
-Orange who 
-Orange you glad a mothafucka like me's, not 
Runnin' down your block with the pop-pop 
They, be lookin' at me like a mothafucka 
Second rate, and I don't need you niggas 
All up on me and all by my lonely. 
You was only homies when I feed you niggas 
Choppin' people. Since you know, 
The fuckers was in middle school 
I, be in it front of class. I be on that ass 
Don't. Nobody laugh when I teach you niggas 
Blood stains on the floor board with a gore whore 
Kill, a bitch up in the kitchen nigga quit your bitchin' 
Drag you to the four-door 
Poor whore. I hammer the pussy 
I bet. You was feelin like Thor, tore 
 Gim me more-more of the horrorcore 
Nigga lookin', like he's straight from Mordor 
Drag, a nigga through the shadows. 
I'Mma really take you 
Man off. Even Gandalf can't save you 
Little bit of brain might tame, but won't save you 
Get my nigga Lynch to come up in this 
Mothafucka right now and bake. You 
Take you into a different level nigga where the devil lurkin' 
Which bitch. I wan na fuck man. I don't know for certain 
Depends on which one of them got the best ass for twerkin' 
And. I come back to the room. Let me hit the womb through beef, curtains
 
The, Chop Shop, 
 
