The Horsemen Lyrics
by Rustlah.

There was a stream loose.
A port with no support crews.
A short fuse.
To those portals that were more used.
A sore wound a coarse boost.
Supposed for those.
That wars choose, you port.
The storm through the warn boots.
Of any one of four dudes.
First step you take a breath.
As Death and feel ok except.
You know the answer to the question of whats coming next.
And cash the checks of those who.
Made their bets but never paid their debts.
They lay in bed afraid to sleep.
And pray to he whose soul they keep.
They slowly weep.
You coldly creep.
In through they window sill.
They tell themselves this isn't real.
Attempt too late to make a deal.
Though they know their fate is sealed.
Pestilence medicine excrament.
The final testament.
You leverage it against the sick.
To show em what a giver does.
Rats and bugs withered up thugs.
The walking dead casualties.
Faces lathered with booze and batteries.
This virus actually manifest.
In a factory and spread through usb.
Ask yourself who's using me?
Are human beings just a new disease?
Is rumor freeing the truth from me?
No food to eat in streets.
Where people cheat the populace.
Consciousness is just a weathered monument.
Too busy going jamon to recognize the famine.
As it struck the land and left em swimming up.
A stream of blood, theres demons in those salmon.
And in the sand bio bots that fly and rot.
The sky is hot, acid washed, and fire spot's.
Pimples popped the earths face a wasted crop.

You are starving children screaming towards an angry god.
You are bones that walk, and lips that taste like chalk.
You were humans till the chase to create.
An alien erased your race in the final battle for a base.
They didn't come from outer space.
We built you, but every child rebels against its maker.
You are War, with eyes that shine from lasers.
Mechanized leader hive mind.
Climb the ports in every spine to redefine danger.
The Drone ranger, cloned anger.
Locust cloud nano crowd biting every hand thats out.
Every skeletal finger tip dripped in dread.
Every metal tool lingers in the lips of death.
Every heart beats slower as disease.
Eats the fat from the cheeks, new leech speak.
And famine feeds the cause for war and peace.
Is just another thing the horsemen sell to you.
Ask yourself which angel are you.
Ask yourself which rider are you.
Pull the port, stop the boost.
But you're still riding.
Pull the port, stop the boost.
And you're still rising.

