The Wake Up Show Lyrics
by Sway.

Xzibit 
Yes: yes, it's The All Mighty Xzibit 
In correlation wit, Tha, Mexikanz foundation, 
Chino XL course. You know me: 
Broadcastin' live from the Likwit Crew, 
I returned for you, 
Yes, yes check it out, 
Yo yo! It'S The Wake Up, Show it's The Wake Up, Show 
Yo, yo, 
 
This is dedicated to the niggas that be hatin'. Me 
But can't face me 
Cuz, they scared for they own safety. 
I know how it feels. I'M all up on your grill 
All. Your Homies is backin' down and tellin' you to chill .
 That'S the coast that resides to your left. 
Wild Wild West. Have your heart beatin' at your chest: 
It's the Likwit and all wack tenants get evicted by the land. Lord 
The vocal chords cuttin', like a sord 
Yo, I make you wake up, listen pay attention then show 
Rashid my main connect in Chicago 
But, I'm in L.A., broadcastin' wit, Tech and Sway 
Straight to the brain in the bay drinkin' Hurricane 
All, mighty Xzibit West Coast rhyme Wit out no gimmicks, 
I'm breakin' niggas down like a chemic 
 
You, know on The Wake Up, Show 
I break up flows like Lego, reconstruction, 
Capital, I-Man, initiates this corruption, assumption 
Wit, King Tech and Sway 
Disectin' grace through airwaves. My lyrics misbehave 
When. I get out of line 
I. Doubt you'll find the time to understand it. 
Don'T get it backwards. Like a Dyslexic. 
You'Ll get smacked backhanded 
Dammit we're slammin' harder than a wrestling match. 
From San Francisco, Chicago L.A.. You got to react. 
In the W-E-S-T Coast, where nothin' comes close, 
To this ground host, 
Waking up the land of comatose 
Wit, the utmost skill, crafted technique. 
When, I speak. You heard it 
So. You know what I'm about when I step out like the verdict: 
 
 Sinful El Pecador 
 
El que sube para arriba 
No escupe saliva, si noque sangre 
Me pego el hambre, 
Mi vida, esta colgando de un alambre 
Viviendo pobre 
Nunca, mas jamas, 
Rodeado sin salidas, como, Las carceles de Alcatraz 
Un seloso enemigo canta mas que un pajaro 
Bajalo desarmalo el cuerpo siempre rajalo 
Secuestramos, a los que mueven la pirateria 
Reducirles la energia, como baterias 
Noventa dos punto tres controlamos continuamos 
Los Mexicanos haciendo dano que son estranos 
Los tengo habiertos como libros, los Dejo viendo estrellas 
Como la bandera de Estados, Unidos, 
, 
Just slit your throat and let Chino XL be yo oxygen. 
I write more essay's than an incarcerated Mexican 
Crash. You, like crutons 
I'm Body, 
