The X (Y'all Know the Name) Lyrics
by The X-Ecutioners.

Uh..Uh..Uh..Baby 
 
, {, *scratched*, }, 
X-Ecutioners Ya..ya..y'all, know the name 
Stabbin the track with both hands. 
X-Ecutioners Ya..ya..y'all know the name. 
Louder 
X-Ecutioners Ya..ya..y'all know the name 
Stabbin the track with both hands. 
X-Ecutioners Ya..ya..y'all know the name 
You out there Louder, 
 
Pharaohe, Monch 
This is masterful classical material, wax imperial tactics, 
Black shit. I master traps that collapse backwards. 
All area access passes without practice, 
Hit em, then I'ma shit on em and spit on em and send faxes 
Maximum amount, not the minimal 
The oratal rock chop like Florida, Seminole 
Subliminal raps, which make criminals act bitch 
Instrumental in creatin the most pinnacle rap shit, 
Got, Toni, Braxton lookin women, collapsin 
My beats get feet to steppin like Fast Actin Tinactin 
Dominant X-Men conference like Pac-10 
Backslap, wack rap actors to get a reaction, 
My venom, rips, tennaments up then I'ma wreck shit, 
Then, I'ma, flip administer hits on this next shit. 
Deejays, collect tips from them then hit the exit 
At. They show the front row, usually gettin, hectic 
The X, shit, ..., 
, 
, {, *scratched*, } 
Ya..ya..y'all, know the name X-Ecutioners 
Stabbin the track with both hands.. together, 
The fall.. you out there Louder, 
X-Ecutioners Ya..ya..y'all, know the name 
Stabbin the track with both hands.. together 
The fall Forever gon' win.. you out there 
 
Xzibit, 
Yeah yo uh-huh yeah check it 
You wan na get to my level, but you don't hustle enough. 
Any attempts at touchin my stuff and I'm fuckin you up. 
I'M sick of weak shit, winnin, nigga, yo', rhymes, ain't, rockin, 
The, good life is a bitch seem like everybody. Cop blockin 
The shotclock is runnin out gunnin out the police 
I crack the teeth of any nigga. With beef, 
Masterpiece X-Ecutioners, naturally 
Any problems come to Los Angeles and ask for me: 
 
Inspectah Deck 
Yo castastrophe. None can match me. Naturally, nasty 
Manually, smash, ya faculty, 
Veral assault and battery 
Sparatically blast at the capacity crowd and cause casualties. 
Street savy niggas blast me out. The Navi' 
Groupie chick wish she could have me 
XE in back of me, hit like a daquiri 
Accurately ya. Don'T grab me ya skills, still latchkey 
, 
, {, *scratched*, } 
Ya..ya..y'all, know the name X-Ecutioners 
Stabbin the track with both hands.. together, 
The fall... You out there Louder 
X-Ecutioners Stabbin the track ... ..the track 
 ... ..with, both hands 
 
Skillz 
I got my man Roc Raida, on the slash and cut 
Rob Swift, where you at son, the What What 
Sinister make em. Now we ready to go 
Last but not least total eclipse 
I got a question. Who can see him? I don't know 
But whatever I play. You know that Skillz gon' flow 
Shit, we mastered the feat you can't bring us 
Y'all could crap if y'all was doin that shit with eight fingers 
Come on black, we in the Hall of Fame, 
Got ya picture in our crib on the Wall of Shame. 
I expect emcees to wan na murder me 
Cuz. When we open up and start cuttin, you wish you was in surgery, 
You see the X, Hardly 
Here's. Some on-offs nigga take yo' ass back to doin parties, 
You're better off. If somebody shoot ya, 
And change, ya, name to DJ I-Got-Beat-By-The-X-Ecutioners, 
, 
, {, *scratched*, } 
Ya..ya..y'all, know the name X-Ecutioners 
Stabbin the track with both hands.. together, 
The fall.. you out there. Fifty thou in the stands. 
X-Ecutioners Ya..ya..y'all know the name 
Stabbin the track, with both hands.. together 
The fall.., forever gon' win You out there Louder. 
Y'All know the name: 
 
*Redman's, vocal dog, barking*
, 
