Thinking Lyrics
by Unonimus.

I refuse to be average.
But I got the meanest flow.
My modes switch quick as my moods and my habits.
Time is the temptress that swoons on the mattress.
My mind is the gimp that drools for her assets.
A shrine for her victims, a tool she can access.
A sign of the limits that can prove problematic.
But a kind of invention too useful too grasp it.
Chance is the question, either it's.
Divine intervention or ooh well it happens.
The rhyme is the litmus that chooses the faction.
Or kind of the prison that you will inhabit.
The soul is the positive groove of the magnet.
The world is the negative that's used to attract it.
Whether you're a Zues or a maggot.
Know you are prone to the noose in attic.
It's waiting for ya.
It's almost like its safer in the basement for ya.
The world has been tainted for ya.
Living life in the fast lane, your will has turned to blazing rubber, take.
another.
I'm walking on the sun, bare footed.
The irony: it's not that hot.
Yesterday, I went to the moon, guess what.
It turned out it was really just a big fat rock.
We're told that the sky is the limit but.
What does being told there's a limit give us.
I can't believe people even listen to this stuff.
Myself included, isn't it enough.
That we're tricked into loving the hand that doesn't feed us.
And nitpicking trust worthy people that believe in us.
Keep it up and they'll have us on our knees for the.
Rest of our lives till they're no longer needing us.
Being six feet deep and unappreciated.
Unremembered, that's like my biggest fear.
Some revel in being disconnected.
Me, I'd much rather be blissfully aware.
Cause even when ignorance is bliss.
You're ignorant to your bliss, listen here.
If you'd rather not know cause it's safer.
You might as well be hearing impaired.
Something you might want to sit down and think on.
Is the exact reason why you don't know what's happening.
Is it because you purposely choose to.
Or is something in your brain being tampered with.
One thing I've never been big on.
Is having an opinion on every single thing I hear about.
Sometimes I just want to watch on and plot on.
Stop looking into the glass and pull the mirror out.

Lately I've been thinking bout the.
Things I want to be the one.
To change and I want my name on it.
Whenever it's done.
Lately I've been thinking bout.
The fame that I could gain this.
From being preachy and.
Claiming that fame ain't important.
I'm Insolent, indolent.
Indulgent, and ignorant.
To what I say but I still.
Speak it with avid conviction.
Seeming like I have a mission.
Honestly that is my mission.
Passive, submissive, vapid.
Timid, a tad bit dismissive.
Add all those up and you will.
Find for sure that that's the sign.
Of a cowardly, confused, and.
Lost yet average mind.
Lately I've been thinking bout the.
People that I'm judging when.
I turn my nose up at their actions.
But how different.
Am I when I turn my nose up at.
Other people's lives.
Sometimes acting like you care becomes.
The trouble in disguise.
Could cold indifference actually ever be enough? Don't know but.
Lately I've been thinking about the fact that I think to much.

