Thinking of You Lyrics
by UNK.


Whoahhh I been thinkin of you 
Wishin that you could come back to me. 
 
Unk, talking over Jazze Phizzle 
Ay. This one goes out to anybody who ever lost someone in they family 
This. One goes out to everybody in the pen on lockdown 
We, just lettin. Y'All know we thinkin about y'all man, 
We missin, y'all, everyday 
So. This song right here is to let e'rybody know: 
We been missin y'all we keepin y'all in our hearts, man f'real 
Everyday, come back 
 
Unk 
Since, you been gone, it's been some rainy, dayz, 
And I'ma spit it from the heart, while I'm blowin haze, 
With my Versace Shades tryin to hold the tears too 
Uncle Walt man, the whole family missin, you 
See cain't, nobody hold it down like you. Do 
I'm gettin money, DJ Unk, your little nephew, 
And Grandma Bell. How the hell you ain't see me fly. 
It was your guidance that helped your baby get by 
I, take one day at a time and watch my every self 
Uncle brother, cousin, Jerry and the hearts we kept. 
Nobody knows when we gon na take our last breaths 
Hug, your mother, hug, your father, nigga hug yourself, 
We, kept it real in the field. What'S up Dolla Bill 
I had a dream. We was smokin kush up on the hill with B.I.G 
You. Did it big for a country kid 
Long? As I say you in my rhyme, my peoples still lives. 
And, that's for real 
 
Unk 
I'm wishin everythang was all good 
I. Tell my grateful memory for my folks who left the hood 
Whether the pen or bein six feet underneath 
Put your lighters in the air. If you feelin me, 
And everythang'll be alright. If you hold on 
Damn pop, if you coulda, just held on 
I, stay strong hold. My own on my two feet: 
Positivity, that's what surrounds me 
And, damn Biggie! You done! Repped Brooklyn like nigga 
I, never seened! You, like never saw Momma Tigger 
She mighta been Dane's girl, but she was ours too 
Aaliyah yeah One in a Million and we missin you 
On, 1's and 2's. I been a fool. I put my pranks away. 
Ain'T been the same since they killed Jam, Master Jay, 
Big, Pun, Big L, yeah Freaky, Tah, 
Camoflauge Soulja Slim, my girl Left Eye. I wonder why 
 
Jazze Pha 
Sometimes. I find it hard to make it through the night 
Missin my homie cause. We was so tight. 
Glad that I can say he was a part of my life 
Now everything gon' be alright, 
Alright, alright, alright, alright 
Alright, alright, everything gon' be alright. 
, 
Jazze, Pha 
Come on back now well well, well, 
I been thinkin'bout, you-oooooooooh-oooooooooh-oooooh-oooooooooooh~ 
, 
