This is Northern Cali Lyrics
by Woodie.

Woodie 
Enter my danger zone, Northern Cali 
Yes son from the valley to the bay 
The mighty Norte, got it sewn, 
We bout. Half a mill' people up in these streets, 
So keep a grip. Yeah, we flared up. We red flags and caps. 
This ain't, Blood or Crip
this is northern organized raza till eternity 
Putting dips up in this mutha fucker stack and murder piece 
Never heard of Woodie. Now you have listen up and soak it in 
Northern. Cali is full of killas homie go and tell a friend 
And. If Fallen trail of nuds trail, methamphetamine is good. 

We gon raise the roof. We pop our collars grip, our nuts 
Kill, our enemies' visions and feed fishes there. Guts 
Heavier in the old school Cuttys, Larks N, Malibu's, 
350 rockers 450 
We got the now 916 N. The 209 
661 and 559 on the valley grind: 
We got the 415 West Bay 
707 North Bay 408 South Bay 
But its all Norte 
The, 510 of east bay, 925
East Co, Co, 
The, Northern Cali breakdown for you, po-po's 
 
This is Northern Cali, representing putting it down. 
We from the valley, everybody holla, your town, 
We from the bay we all HANDLE the shit the same way: 
From the valley to the bay ready for some gun play, 
, 
Woodie 
Homie, we slang and we bang in east bay. It'S a G thing, 
Punks, saying salutation. While taking lives with no delay, 
Feel me its west coast, the left coast, no test wit, killer, Cali, 
Nasty flashes through your back streets and alleys 
Past, the valley acting badly 
I hits the carry a fifth of brandy 
Splash. These bitches cuz there trashy 
Rolling old school flows, 
 Valley, cougars, larks, that park cut thangs and mustangs 
But. One thing: there's gun play: 
So when the fucks bring 
Let your nuts swang 
It's, a mustang for the no repore make you levitate regulate 
Po-po's got to bring the yellow tape in everyday 
Up. Here our tapes will set your hood now. 
You can hear the evidence we represent, put it down 
For the whole bay is a cold game, 
And it all. While cursing city streets, 
These addicts, smashing traffic on that cradik 
In, the A-N-T-I-O-C-H. We don't be hate, 
We, fo da pay and blowing brains, 
I'm smoking, dank in my corner of the golden state. 
 
When you smoking on the bubonic chronic that got you gone 
Where. You think it come from 
Where. You think it come from when you smoking 
On. The bubonic chronic that got you gone 
Were, you think it come from 
Where. You think it come from. 
 
Woodie 
It comes from northern Cali 
Up in home, bock county
the, northwest region 
By the ocean, not the valley, 
It's considered the most ronic California commodity, 
The hommies. Call it puff or balm 
The hippies call it pot or weed 
It's garneted to get you high tho, O fo sho 
And. The Northerners are making a killing slanging that roach 
But straight fo yayo, packing pistols, illegal substances, distributed 
Got, domies, packing crystals and glass pipes and feel good again. 
It gets dirty in this west coast. Sunshiny state 
You might die early gangbanging 
But. That is the chance you take 
Locked up in prison for life. 
1 2 3 strikes your out, 
Sell a pound pack, a pistol 
Shot a rival. Oh, no doubt 
Wit, no hesitation. The judge will have you facing a life long vacation 
But. We still regulation 
And these suckers APPROACHING and get treated like sluts 
This is northern cal bow down lick on these nuts 
 
