This Is My Grind Lyrics
by Tyler Tracey.


I'm from a place where doubt and hate were emotions.
And real rap was buried and wack music got promotions.
But I hustled hard and I stayed on the grind, in hopes that one day I would.
shine.
And all the planets would align and this world would be mine.
Because I put my all into every rhythm and every rhyme.
I spat the truth into every cleverly worded line.
Made my bars ice cold and let my tracks expose my soul.
And always stayed true to my home, the great white North Pole.
Because people hated and attacked every track I posted on Facebook.

My success is fueled by their loathing, so you best take a look.
I can't be stopped, I won't be stopped, you can say what you want.
But this music I'm releasing has got power and it can't be stopped, won't be.
flopped.
My hustled won't be knocked and this life has blessed me with a talent.
That you just wishing you had and so you take it out on the masterpieces I.
dropped.
I took my life stories and put them into songs, put them all into five.
beautiful mixtapes.
They are the foundation of my legacy to remain even after I'm gone.
I wrote these lyrics for the arms they can be tattooed on.

I'm just trying to feed my family because for so long they provided for me.
And I'm just trying to make every critic take a look and respect me.
Because even if my style isn't your favourite you can't ignore the grind.
And the way I word every bar, it's immaculate, you can't deny.
When people told me that I would never graduate, when people told me I would.
never rise above the hate.
I told them that they need to wait for that one date where they look up at me.
and see that I became great.
Because the world sat on my shoulders for so long and I never caved to it's.
weight.
Even when I wanted to I told myself that that one day I'd be eating off a gold.
dinner plate.
And I would set my family straight and they can all quit their jobs.
Retire early and blow money in Gucci and Louis shops.
I'll headline world tours sharing the stage with my mob.
Reminiscing on the days we survived off nine to five jobs.
Back when we freestyled to instrumentals we found on the internet.
Although our skills weren't the best, we never thought to ever quit.
Because rapping was in our veins and we always dreamed big.
Influenced by the music of Em, Pac, 50 and BIG.
And Rock music like Linkin Park and Billy Talent.
Never thought their music would help make all this happen.

Because without their music mine probably never would have been vital.
Now that kid from high school everyone took shots at and tore apart.
Is writing the music for the kids like him who were left in the dark.
I was that Millhouse acting like a Bart, starring at the sky when life got.
hard.
So it brings a tear to my eye every time ya'll applaud me for my art.
From Kisses &amp; Massages last year to today's Dreaming Out Loud.
I'm loving all the music that I am blessed to put out.
Carpe Diem, ladies and gentleman, because this is my time.
And nothing can't stop me now because this is my grind.

