Three the Squad way Lyrics
by Ruste Juxx.

Into: Ruste Juxx.
Yeah! My nigga big Rock, what up!
Yeah! Ayo my homie Vinnie Paz, what up!
Yeah! Ruste Juxx nigga.
Check it out, check it out now.

Whoever wrote your rhymes.
Need to get blindfolded and shot in the head a few times.
Kids get murdered over spittin' a wack bar.
But still everybody want to be a rap star.
The money, the fame, the lifestyle.
Soundin' like 10 niggas in the game right now.
Same tracks, same tats, same cable.
Same style, different city different label.
They all bullshit and equal to one another.
Copycattin' why you gotta sequel another brother?
Be original and stop dick ridin'.
A nigga steal Juxx's style and you know Vic's ridin'.
Born in the streets of New York without a prayer.
Peace to the President, Motherfuck the mayor.
Broke niggas be poppin' Sprite bottles.
Ruste Juxx fuckin' the Price is Right models, bang!

Yeah!
Hahahaha!
Pazienza.
Alright look.
You can't know peace without knowin' a bomb.
And you can't know Allah without knowin' Shatan.
Anybody fuck with Juxx gettin' grazed in the arm.
Cause the calico submachine stay in the palm.
.38 under the seat, duffle bag is behind me.
If I was you and you was me, I wouldn't try me.
You fuckin' with a pig better be a salami.
Cause I don't like pigs I will catch me a homi.
Its big shit, carry me an M and its mean.
I push a button and you drop like a vending machine.
The pen is pristine, since 95' been on my Dīn.
The AK turn your block to a cinema scene.
I always have two bitches that's a hammer and dime.
And fuckin' with me is like jammin' on Shaq in his prime.
You'll only fuck with small money and I'm gamblin' dimes.
I punch you in your face and its ambulance time. Yeah!

Rock of Heltah Skeltah.
Back in the day when we was kids we used to act like we was older.
Now niggas act like little kids and be grown ups.
Ass backwards and ass average.
That's that shit that'll have the trash, laugh niggas.
Do shtop nigga you not no number one to motherfunker.
Youngster get your crew popped though.
You ain't a young buck, you's a dumb fuck.
Run up and get gun butted get all your gums bust.
I ain't preachin' or teachin', I'm warnin' niggas.
I outperform you niggas, plus I just got jokes on you niggas.
Like, “How you really gonna stand there iceless?”.
Talkin' all this, “you got all this ice shit.” Priceless.
I could go on for years with this asshole.
To be like,” This skinny jean shit is gettin' outta control to me.”.
Homie you got bitch manners, and your bitch mannish.
Don't nobody believe that your clique hammers, Fuck outta here!

Scratches:.
Be original and stop dick ridin'.
If I was you and you was me, I wouldn't try me.
Everybody want to be a rap star.
Be original and stop dick ridin'.

