Throwed Lyrics
by Swishahouse.


Ha come on come on 
Come on come on, come on, 
5th Ward Weebie got the girls. You know, 
Swisha-Swish-Swishahouse got the girls with us 
See up in this building right now, Fat Boy, Entertainment, 
Swishahouse, baby. We gon do it like this here 
Rock with me rock with me rock with me 
 
I'm. Looking for a girl, that's throwed 
Nice feet, ice white teeth, that's throwed! 
The way she backing and working that thang. That'S throwed! 
6-5-4. She high! Now, let's go oh .
 
5Th Ward, Weebie 
You got ta rock-rock-rock-rock-rock the boat 
I heard you was a head hunter with a sloppy throat. 
Now like a man, come and break it off and let Weebie you understand. 
Now. You know this boy go off. 
Now come on baby. Won'T you back it up, I'm about to smack it up, 
That ass sitting low. So I guess I got ta jack it up. 
Put you on the wall and make you holla ooh, daddy, 
Call your other girl and toss that thang like a salad 
No. I ain't. No freak, I'm just a little bit nasty 
I. Like a one night stand. I ain't trying to get married. 
5Th Ward Weebie got them girls going crazy, 
After I get with em. They be trying to have babies 
Look at shorty. She throwed she working that there 
Fat Boy, Entertainment gon, serve that there 
You know I like'em throwed off first time clothes off 
Shit, I ain't tripping. I got plenty, I could roll something 
 
Mike Jones 
I want a cutie that could drop it like it's hot 
And. Do tricks with the booty, 
A floozy that'll straight up. Tell me she wan na. Do me 
A girl that can twerk and squirt on it like she knew me 
In the streets she classy in the sheets. She nasty 
Doing shit. For me, without me, even much asking 
Mike Jones, she's 36-25-34 
Cute face slim waste, need, I say more 
These girls in Clutch City, 
Come, equipped with big hips lips and titties them. Big old, thangs, 
You wan na jump in leather wood. Then drop your g-string 
Let. Your tongue hang and show off your tongue. Ring 
Now play with it. Slowly lick your lips with it. 
And show all the tricks that you can do with it. 
That g-string you got on, got everybody watching 
Niggas, bopping and them hating hoes. Knocking 
Cause your feet: really: nice, your teeth: ice white 
You, the throwed lil' mama. I been looking for all night 
So just come with Mike Jones, walk with Mike Jones 
So. When I'm done with your ass, you gon crawl for Mike Jones, 
, 
Choppa 
You! Don'T want it with me, I'm just popular 
Now. These people pay to party with me. 
I got girls in the V.I.P., getting it on 
And. They ain't, leaving till they show they thong 
Some slim some big, some know they wrong 
But. They all act, a fool when they hear my song 
I'm Choppa-Choppa yeah. I got another one. 
Street baller Body Head did I-did. I stutter son 
I'm wilding out off a bottle of Henn 
Got, a line of girls waiting at the Holiday Inn, 
Mike Jones and Choppa-Chop, always flocking'em in 
But, I'm stopping again cause she ain't hot. As your friend 
Yeah, I told your girl, don't hate a playa 
But. If you is a throwed chick, you can page a playa, 
I heard 5th Ward Weebie got them hoes off the heezie 
Your boy, lil' Choppa bout to break'em off proper 
And. I heard when she want the right song 
Who. She call for Mike Jones holla at your boy 
Houston and New Orleans ain't no way you gon serve me. 
Choppa-Choppa, hold it down representing that Dirty 
 
She want Chop-Chop, 
She love, Chop-Chop 3x 
She want she want. She want. She want 
She want Mike Jones 4x. 
She want she want, she want, she want 
She, want she want
 
