Thug Girl 2 Lyrics
by 504 Boys.

Hoody-Hoo 
Where they at where they at 
Where the thug girls at 
 
Where they at where they at 
Where the thug girls at 
 
Where they at where they at 
Where the thug girls at 
 
Where they at where they at 
 
Master, P 
Where. The thug girls at out that 504 
Where the thug girls at out that 310 
Where the thug girls at out that 202 
Where the thug girls at claiming red and blue 
 
I heard you jockin' Master P cause he got a mercedes 
A bubble eye hummer, but The feds can't fade me 
You, just wan na ride girls jump inside 
Cause, I'm a 3rd ward, nigga til the day that I die, 
I only fuck with thug girls. When I'm on tha block 
And, i don't mess with no hoes that say they hot 
All. My fighting girls grab da gat grab da gat 
And, all ya stuntin ass bitches step back 
 
Where, the thug girls at 
 
Where they at where they at 
 
Silkk, the Shocker 
They wish they knew. I want a girl, like you, 
Well girl got ta be from the hood, but you got ta know what to do. 
Like beta hold the bricks beta hold the clips 
But. When night time comes. U got ta hold da sh ... 
Now from the streets. Give me the heat, 
You got ta know what to do wit. It 
Taz hit ya, you be like I dont know who did it 
Take the off? You guys never be like you? Did it 
Real chick? Only let you hit it 
Respectin by my clique, stayin by her man, 
In public business, unload, get wild and thangs 
She's real thats. Why i took her money and ice her up 
If a chick gets outta line. Respectin me she gon na slice, her up 
If. I give her some money. She gon na know how to flip that 
And. If I got ta go somewhere, she gon na hold it down. Til I get back 
So Hoody Hoo, if you about doin somethin, 
And, hoody hoo. If you about doin no stuntin 
 
Krazy 
It's about a fight tho, we can fuck Baby waste. No time 
What, you like in your drink girl, lemon or lime. 
The way, you shake on the dance floor. Got me hot 
Lets Drive around the lake til. We find the spot 
I ain't suprised that you got ta man, baby, its cool 
 Gim me one night with ya girl. I bet you'll leave that fool 
He. Probably thank you went to work when you came to the club, 
You ain't lookin for afection. You need a thug 
I'll, be straight up with you. Baby dont, be his lady 
A nigga, like big lips cause. I love some head 
And. If your girl wan na, join I'm down with that, 
She can lick a niggas nuts. While i hit ya from the back 
 
Master, P 
There, they go in that 212 
There. They go in that 402 
There. They go in that 305 
There. They go in that 415 
There. They go in that 219 
There they go there, they go there. They go 
There, they go there, they go there, they go 
Yo, Krazy, Silkk, Nigga Grab a few of these thug girls. 
Let'S go have one of those Gangsta Parties. Ya heard me 
No Limit style. We gon na ball til, we fall 
Soulja rest in all nigga
 
