Tight Whips Lyrics
by 504 Boys.

* first single 
, 
We roll tight whips, everyday 
Bentley, Lex, Mercedes and Escalades 
We roll tight whips, everyday 
Hustlin to make a big buck, but that's ok, 
 
Choppa, 
They, say Choppa acting funny. 
He ain't holla'd today 
He got the top back. You know his new Z28 
Holla at ya is what a hater would say: 
But they, like my rims. They just non-stop 
Look, like they runnin away, 
 
Magic 
I'm doing 80 in the lightin 
Duece trays on shine. 
The cops. Try to pull me over, but my rims done blinded em 
Cus. I got 4 models in the back of my truck 
18 Bazooka bumpin, my stuff 
Waking, the BLOCK UP, 
 
Master, P 
Call me Ghetto Bill cus my seats. They be Gucci 
And. When I roll through the hood, I got 2 or 3 hoochies 
Lou Vaton Airbags'case. I crash bad 
Futuristic kidded up like I'm Batman, 
Represent the PROjects 
TV. When I roll that 
Gamblin for a car, no 
Hope, I don't blow that WHOA 
 
Krazy 
We roll big body Benz's to Navigators 
In the hood servin bricks, like I'm, a restaurant waiter, 
Blue lights on the Jag cus. I love to shine 
Keep it by my shorty. So we be hard to find 
I ain't pay. The car note in about 3 months 
I'd rather spend my paper on Henney and blunts 
Even when the truck stop those things be constant: spinnin 
I'm, a 504 Boy, so I'm constant with it. 
 
Slay Sean 
Roll around in tight whips. 
Catch me on the night shift. 
I'M, just a Yungsta I roll without a license. 
My dogs is triflin homie. You can bite when 
First one in the hood on the block with the ice rims 
My seats be piped out TVs with the lights out. 
Hazards blinkin, when I passed try not to wipe out 
Dash with the wood grain still in the hood man. 
Catch me on lean car clean. We doing big things, 
 
Silkk The Shocker 
The way we do it. 
She got a man, but she still gon na turn around 
Bentley a bucket. What chick in her right mind gon' turn it down. 
It'S. Like No Limit said it. We all day no laws, 
Just parkin lot, pimpin car changin, colors 
These boys go hard off 
, 
Master, P 
We leave the tags in the window; whodee 
Cus, it's worth about a hundred 
V12 with remote control engine runnin 
P.Miller throwbacks, with the convertable shift, 
Candy paint, thong Version with the iced out chip 
Yokahama tires whodee, but I only got 3 
No Limit Boys. We thuggin, I get a high for next week: 
 
Lil' Romeo 
I'm fish tailin, my dad and I'm rollin on drops 
Sportin Sprewell to the curb. I think I saw the cops 
They call me Richie Rich. I got my name in the seats 
X-Box in the front and the back. Dvds, 
Got TVs in the head rest with the big wide screen, 
Got the navigation system, with the phone in between 
Rollin a coupe with the top down. When I go outdoors 
We roll on old days around here, that's 24s 
 
Weebie 
I got that flip flop paint on my ride. Air ding dong, 
The nose on my hood. Just like my ride, stay PISSED off 
I roll through yo hood. They ask me: do I call lift off 
Like if it was made out of space with 20s and Kriss Kross 
 
T-Bo, 
Gold, grill, glistens, 
These, chicks, call me Mista Cleana, 
I'm, Fiya, Cracka, big ballin. It'S something! You'Ve, never seen. 
I'M sippin lean Off Thick playin on 6 TV screens, 
Interior green 24s. But you know it ain't, no thing: 
HAH, 
, 
Master, P, 
We, ghetto fab. Let our bling bling show 
Driveway like a dealership. Don'T walk, no more 
We wiling out all day, all night 
Cus. This is my life, my life, my life ..., 
, 
