Tom Joad Lyrics
by Woody Guthrie.

Tom Joad got out of the old McAlester Pen 
There. He got his parole 
After four long years on a man killing charge. 
Tom Joad come a-walkin' down the road. Poor boy, 
Tom Joad come a-walkin' down the road 
 
Tom Joad. He met a truck driving man 
There. He caught him a ride. 
He said I just got loose from McAlester Pen 
On a charge called homicide, 
A charge called homicide, 
 
That truck rolled away in a cloud of dust, 
Tommy turned his face toward home, 
He met Preacher Casey and they had a little drink. 
But they found that his family, they was gone. 
He found that his family, they was gone. 
 
He found his mother's old fashion, shoe 
Found his daddy's hat 
And. He found little Muley and Muley said 
They've been tractored out by the cats. 
They'Ve been tractored out by the cats 
 
Tom Joad walked down to the neighbor's farm 
Found, his family 
They took Preacher Casey and loaded in a car 
And. His mother said: We've got to get away. 
His mother said: We've got to get away. 
 
Now, the twelve of the Joads made a mighty heavy load. 
But Grandpa Joad did cry. 
He picked up a handful of land in his hand, 
Said I'm stayin'. With the farm till I die, 
Yes, I'm stayin' with the farm till I die, 
 
They, fed him short ribs and coffee and soothing syrup. 
And, Grandpa Joad did die. 
They buried, Grandpa Joad by the side of the road 
Grandma on the California side, 
They buried Grandma. On the California side, 
 
They stood on a mountain and they looked to the west 
And it looked like the promised land 
That bright, green valley with a river running through 
There, was work for every single hand. They thought 
There was work for every single hand, 
 
The, Joads, rolled away to the jungle camp 
There. They cooked a stew 
And the hungry little kids of the jungle camp, 
Said We'd like to have some too 
Said We'd like to have some too 
 
Now a deputy sheriff fired loose at a man 
Shot a woman in the back 
Before. He could take his aim again: 
Preacher Casey dropped him in his track. Poor boy, 
Preacher Casey dropped him in his track. 
 
They handcuffed Casey and they took him in jail 
And. Then he got away 

And these few words. He did say poor boy, 
These few words. He did say: 
 
I preached for the Lord a mighty long time, 
Preached about the rich and the poor, 
Us workin' folkses all get together. 
Cause, we ain't got a chance anymore. 
We ain't got a chance anymore: 
 
Now, the deputies come and Tom and Casey run 

But. The vigilante thugs hit Casey with a club 
They laid Preacher Casey on the ground. Poor Casey 
They laid Preacher Casey on the ground, 
 
Tom Joad. He grabbed that deputy's club 
Hit him over the head. 
Tom Joad took flight in the dark rainy night 
And, a deputy and a preacher lying dead. Two men, 
A deputy and a preacher lying dead, 
 
Tom run back where his mother was asleep. 
He woke her up out of bed 
An'. He kissed goodbye to the mother that he loved 
Said. What Preacher Casey said Tom Joad 
He said what Preacher Casey said: 
 
Ever'body might be just one big soul 
Well. It looks that a-way to me 
Everywhere that you look in the day or night 
That's, where I'm a- gon na be Ma 
That's, where I'm a- gon na be 
 
Wherever little children are hungry and cry. 
Wherever people ain't free, 
Wherever men are fightin' for their rights. 
That'S, where I'm a- gon na be Ma 
That's, where I'm a- gon na be
 
