Tony Pt. 2 Lyrics
by UNDERSCORE.


Shout out to.
Shout out to nobody, fuck everybody dude.
Screw you dude, Screw you, Screw you dude you fucking jerk.

Issey Miyake, Donatella Versace.

My wrist is so cold, I should play hockey.
I got the pocket rocket, do not take my broccoli.
I got 3 hoes me and my woes they swap with me.
I'm in a Tesla butt ass naked.
I invented swag, y'all take it.
Pink gator jacket, real gator I do not fake it.
Skating rink on my neck, Don't try to figure 8 it.
Tony and I we think we're related.
We cheffing up pepperoni, I think that they hate it.
I'm In that Rari, Suwoo ravioli.
It's still Bologna, you thought this was salami?
I'm calling up the plug he front me that ptarmigan.
You shot at me but luckily I got under armor on.
My wallet is fat, Yours look like Ramadan.
I'm sorry if that's offensive, I wasn't too sure on that.
I called your Rollie fake, You got defensive.
Look at my shoes, These are expensive.
I still have bands, I don't past tense it.
You a copy, a stencil.
I go undercover no Jun Takahishi.
I'm in that rover I'm on the beaches.
I sniff coke and then I sneeze it, I just keep sniffing I Charlie Sheen it.

I think I'm in Pisa the way I'm leaning.
I'm in the trap I'm fighting off fiends.
Nobody loves me and nobody wants me.
I live in a mansion but it is not haunted.

Coming in hot as hell.
Bringing you all this jell.
Tell me what is that smell.
It's me conjuring this spell.
Smoking crack that bell.
Orange drank.
Kennan and kel.
Bologna boys still.
Raking in these bills.
Can you pay my bills?
Destinys Child's ill.
Unlock the skill.
Coming for the kill.
Is this song fake.
No this song is real.
Tired on the beat man I'm lazy.
I'm making singles you smelling daisies.
Black pray hand emoji.
IOS 8 dot dot dot point 3.
It's a Honda not a Mitsubishi.
Making macaroni art with tony.
How many bricks? Twenty.
Sheesh, that's a new Bentley.
Cutting you off, machete.
We ain't friends, ain't your bestie.
Ping pong made a mill off a single.
Rolex now all you want to mingle.
Want to make some friends? Omegle.
I ain't your dog, you beagle.
Bologna Boy Scouts, you eagle.
I'm at the beach with my dessert seagull.
Tony gave me some work, it's illegal.
I ain't your dog, I'm bingo.

Go call up Tony.
Time to flip a brick.
Just call me captain, I'm steering this ship.
Whipping a Honda yacht, And.
bumping big krit.
Wiping my butt with your bape after taking a shit.
This that Bologna, and we are fuckin lit.
Don't use no matches, cause we are lit like bic.
I ain't no magician, but I'm calling your tricks.
Got a house in Dubai, top floor of the ritz.
Got your girl in the lobby, doing coke off her tits.
Honda CRX with the stick shift,.
its shaped like a dick.
Polka dot paint job.
She slurp on my knob.
Living in a tent like Bob.
Living in a cob like a spider.
Fuck where's my lighter?
Need some boxing gloves, Because I am a fighter.
Doing cocaine, it don't get no whiter.

YOUNGLEEHYDRO Gucci cellphone, flexing metro.
Don't worry about Tony because it's strictly confidential.
I'm still swerving Hondas, while you're still flexing rentals.
Eating ramen noodles, I prefer Oriental.
Finna hit the plug walk, finny stack my Gucci chips.
Need to make this drop off, get rid of these bricks.
I'm about to go to Flexico, Yes, I am Flexian.
Damn, What would Gucci do?
Tell Bob to pay his rent.
Slang gang gang gang gang brrr ang dang dang.
Selling all this white, you can call me Kurt Cocaine.
Call me 2Pac, I think I'm 2Pac, because I got the juice.
Boo boo boo boo boo boo bop boo bop bee boo.
Pull off, Civic coupe.
Call Tony, and have him leave you like some soup.

Bologna gang, Ice boys.
Get the fuck off my property.
Still swerving Hondas.
Fuck you FuBu ass niggas.
You so 2000 and late.
We kicking it 2013.
Young Money kicking it for the 99' and 2000.
Fuck you Niggas!
Aye, Birdman go get them!

