Track 4 Lyrics
by The 3rd Kind.


Equipped with ragin' hormones, to make ya whore moan.
With more tricks to give her a tummy ache and sore bones.
You should see from the last jump that I had.
She jumped in my jag and couldn't walk straight for a month and a half.
See with these broads I have not a bit of sympathy.
Used to feint to get some it hit me like an epiphany.
That they didn't wanna get with me till I flicked in the business.
With the sickening on a stick of anything which they see.
I walk through the streets flabbergasted.
A trappin' hat in the summer, bashin' out infront of active traffic.
Inspector gadget, whippin' it out warp speed.
To make your boy old girl tease on this massive package.
Im a modern day Michael Jackson.
Kickin' iggas while spinnin' inside cyphers rappin'.
Burnin' with your chick inside a cabin.
Should be sobbin' dreamin' for semen but she wetter then a cytoplasm.
My screws loose, im a huge coop.
I be talkin' to myself and blamin' it on my bluetooth.
Go head blame it on the goose boo.
Cause I shut that tail down like Andropolous' youtube.
Dyme is the man, fire in my hand.
Fappin' to the jerk dance im firin japants.
How dumb are you to think that you would've even stand a chance.
You softer then a flower im devourin' ya man.
I made the freshman but they kicked me out.
Sent a self constructive message to double X and send it to biggies house.

They keep asking what this kids about, Im bout bustin in ya chickens mouth.
Im livin' in my mind, get me out, Im about take my shit n bounce.

Excuse my super silly nature.
Pushin' the tape back is doing spitters a favor.
Cause I was told that women would come with age.
And bitches would come with fame.
The difference is nothin' changed.
Im still on point as a syringe.
Nowadays they just need an appointment to stick it in.
Im too in-depth for simpletons who care bout spinnin' rims.
Cause I got a liquid pen to rip your skin, side note.
This is a suicide note.
With the charm to help your girl reduce her dry throat.
And if I wanted, I would use a sublime quote.
Cause Allah, I cheat &amp; I steal, I know.
Did you just missed the irony of that.
If that's the case then rewind the cd back.
I erupt so violently on tracks.
No facades, just because I must remind you people that.
I am sick influenced by influenzas.
Music removed the mucus, its fluid on every stanza.
No vaccination, every track is contagious.
So half of em have to hate it, the rest just look fascinated.
But they all but end up with lesser clothes, no class.
I just missed a lesson in self-control.
See I made the freshman but they kicked me out.
Brought out asher, just to bring it a different route.
They keep asking what this kids about, bout makin' ya pigeon visit south.

Im livin' in my mind, get me out.
&amp; Im bout to take my shit n bounce.

See recently I ain't been myself.
Its more like I been somebody else.
Somebody nasty, very very nasty.
Here's a couple things that I did in the recent past b.
Go outside get comfortable n take my vest off.
Take out my BB Gun, and make a squirrel chest off.
Take out my bigger gun and take a squirrel chest off.
Go to the coop take A live chicken, cut his breast off.
Think that's nasty? I molest dogs.
Decapitate frogs.
This ish is not a job its a hob.
I do this shit for fun.
Check out some other shit that I did recently son.
I take a cat, I cut it in half.
I take one half, I throw it up in the air.
And while its up there, I take out my razor and start to shave it.
I shave quick, scoop it back up before it hit the pavement.
They say im nasty just because of the way I do this.
Whatever I do to animals best believe I do to humans.
They keep askin' what this kids about, I like it when she eat my frank with.
sauerkraut.
Im livin' in my mind get me out, and Im about to take my ish n bounce!

