Tribal Jam Lyrics
by X-Clan.

Professor X 
 
By way of the stars by way of the Nile evermore 
 
Speaking, the tongue of the pharoahes descending from such 
 
In love of the ancestor. The struggle continues: 
Loving heart, strong, sun, firm fist 
We are those 
 
Brother. J 
We are evolutionists for justice. 
People, try to front and call us prejudiced. 
I know they know the truth. They call us battlers 
The great warriors: systematic radicals, 
Who put their hand in the candy dish to pull a mint 
Government taste, the thieves descent 
I heard you were a prankster ultimate gangster 
Daytime shooter night time, shankster 
The phone-tapper dress a little dapper, so you think 
My Color'S blacker than it's pink 
Descending from pharoahes who travelled the narrows, and all of that are such 
See me at the crossroad, pimp-struts 
I'm, quite illogical, but never been a savage 
Genes scientific. But I never have to map it 
I'm harder than the diamond that the Edomite steal 
I'm. Never mythical divinity is real. 
Mind stays steel ever stable to the end. 
Nations begin Blackwatch will defend 
So. Now you raise the flag of the blood race, earth, 
Freedom or death and death unto birth. We carry on 
, 
Brother, J 
I am a man of the soil, crossroad, walker, 
Great vine, swinger, the pyramid, stalker 

Back into time on the banks of Nile 
Writin on papyrus readin, the dial 
Look into the sky from the city beyond 
Countin to the nine cause. The mission is on 
So now the lion connection, retrieves degrees, 
Startin, never dimming, third eye ever sees 
Beyond dimension beyond the soul. 
The label of your car inscribed on the scroll 
So whatchu gon na do but ride to the scale. 
On your knees to the East, all hail, 
The, Grand Creator, the host and children 
How. Could you think to conquer his dominion and exist 
Coming from abyss? We are this 
See, the black fist, take a kiss 
And from your earthly dwelling, you're dismissed 
So. Can you dig it 
Now with a key back into the swing of reality? 
Divine principality formalities are none 
Son of a gun, I'm brother one. I am sun enough, 
 
Brother, J 
From, the stars. We are born in genetics, 
Anti-semetic, Ridiculous, chill 
How you gon na copycat. The pyramids filled 
When a nation wears colors in respect of the build 
Comin through the gap in the mountain on a elephant 
The world just shivered, I'm the earthquake, president 
Walked the path and my steps remained 
Back to the den grab. A hold of the mane 
Allegba meet me at the road 
A following soul. Young to the old 
Walkin in the path of the pure is not as easy 
As they contemplate, but I obligate to demonstrate 
Without struggle, no peace and surely no state of mind 
And. What kind of nation will become 
Daughters and sons of what is we have come? 
We continue.., 
, 
Professor, X, 

Vanglorious 
This is protected by the red, the black and the green 
With. A KEY 
 
Brother J 
I was sittin by the river, with my warrior's gun. 
A bunch of caveboys tried to house my drum 
I, never bust a sweat because it's not at all tragic 
VOO-DOO runnin from my magic 
I came across the sand on my faith alone. 
Eatin cooked meat, while you gnaw at the bone 
Sittin by the fire. While you froze in cave 
A, bunch of silly thieves with the nerve to say, you're, brave, 
I, think you're cowards, 
