Triumphant Lyrics
by Viva Fidel.

Take this moment in history multiply it a thousand times for whenever they.
mention me and quote my rhymes.
Represent the voiceless , all in together now.
This is the point where the hood stand proud.
Fists in the air, look at the crowd.
The conversation of the nation gone have to change.
My music is home schooling , boy who you think you fooling?
This a new level.
If we think like a team we could be eating like kings.
And make'em respect it cause we all connected.
Business development /amazing intelligence.
Global love , i give the planet a hug.
Cause I'm larger than America , bigger than the world think.
Breaking the sterotypes to break the bank.
Motivate and moving forward, before you know if.
I'm off on another stage to get the youth engaged!
How we gone win in the future if we lose today?
Killing the game , bring life on the mic.
In the beginning was the word.
Can i shed some light? life?

Break from radio interview :.
Viva fidel: alright, so explain to my listeners a little about this project ,.
this assignment , your class and a little bit about this discussion we're.
going to be having today.
Dr. Townsend: A significant portion of the course is dedicated to.
understanding Hip Hop culture, and its relation to Black Reality.

The culture was bashed now we teaching the class.
Leading the mass.
Bring the flags together.
We clebratin' , the other side hatin'.
Where do you stand in the movement for self improvement?
Work your plan and plan your work.
They ask where I'm from......
The Earth is my turf.
Born on Planet Rock , the beat don't stop.
My street poetry make the media notice me.
Police play us closely trying to be nosey.
I'm moving fast in silence.
Don't promote violence, thats a different thing from self-defense.

Summon the underground, spread the good news.
Special report I write my thoughts, keep a long story short.
Trying to gather the masters.
Get rich faster - cause we headed for disaster.
These the scrolls of preparation , how many times i gotta say it , say it?

Break 2 from interview:.
Dr. Townsend: and a part of this because of my research interest personally.
involves understanding how Hip Hop can be used as a tool to promote social.
change.

Banging like its supposed to forever on fire-that means its infinitely lit.

Sharing tools on the battle field.
Thinking bout the world tour, speak it into existence.
Movies on the big screen, living the dreams.
Doing tracks with my favorite emcees.

Major conversations and solutions.
Thats all I'm dealing with.
I guess thats what is all really meant....
Ain't no sides to a circle - so i don't mess with squares.
Let me Take U There or listen here....
The civilized rise to teach.
So the babies can survive , preach!
Everything else is emotional.
Let the tears flow, take a seat shotgun.
Let me drop one, eyes on the road.
God speed limit slow this ain't no race, we got dreams to chase....

Break 3 from interview.
Dr Danna: They are also asked submit interview questions that they would like.
to ask Fidel, which will be the substance of the interview today but before we.
get to the questions, I think it might be beneficial for your listeners Fidel.
to.............

