Tug Of Peace Lyrics
by Rumor.


Man, The other night I heard about a plane crash.
Weighed heavy on my mind so I couldn't crash.
Unfortunately that wouldn't be the last.
Cos I woke up to another on the news blast.
The TV networks had a loose screw.
How come they weren't on time with their news crew.
Picked up my laptop, tried to search YouTube.
With all the frustration that that could put you through.
Nigeria's was the worst feeling.
A plane crashed in a two storey building.
And killed over a hundred men women and children.
Innocent passers by and pilgrims.
I logged on twitter on the aftermath.
And though it was serious as a heart attack.
So many still could afford a gag.
And some people's disaster was some others' laughs.

Where's the love?
Where's your heart?
Where's the love?
Where's the love?
Show some love.

We coexist in the motherland with our own kind but we ain't kind to our own.
And keep issues of another land in our own minds but we ain't minding our own.

We make a song for disaster stricken places.
If only it catapults us to greatness.
I wish artistes would go back to basics.
When we rapped about our situations.
But this ain't the time for the blame games.
We don't ever do nothing bout the same things.
We talk too much and never do a damn thing.
Religious wars and the bang bangs.
Do I bore you? or do I make your blood boil?
You wanna fight for the spoil.
You wanna have the back of some politician.
I hope you know in the end that it's all you.
Some said they'll vote cos he's heaven sent.
The other people love'em for his eloquence.
Partisanship is irrelevant.
Don't fight over umbrellas and elephants.
You wanna vote cos he's heaven sent.
The other people love'em for his eloquence.
Partisanship is irrelevant.
Don't fight over umbrellas and elephants.

Show some love.
Where's your heart?
Show some love.

I don't want you following some politician.
Talking about you're NDC or NPP.
or DPP, EPP, whatever P!
You know?
We need to treat each other as human beings first of all.
Lemme tell u something my friend.
Evil never wins.
Don't blame it on the skin.
Blame the man within.

