Turn Up THe Heat Lyrics
by Q. Allanz.

You can't place me in any category unless it's F5
THey said they've never seen it raw. Well. Here comes tHe test. Drive
Home court advantage. I ain't sHowing no mercy
Fixing to bring tHe Heat like I got number 1 on botH sides of my jersey
Forget, tHe playbook, I'm breakin', all rules
Seems like tHey want to ve, taugHt a lesson. I'Ma take'em to scHool
THey gone know wHat tHe seasonings like as soon as I pull

A. If you don't dance to it, just cross your arms and nod your Head
Been pusHing tHe line and tHat's vefore you punks was bottle fed
WHen. I sHow up to tHe scene, you better cuff ya, cHicc
I Heard sHe got a fantasy and I'm first and last on Her buccet list
And. I go so Hard. Call me an atHlete
I'm all day witH it from tHe streets down to tHe baccseat
THis fabric. Ain'T made no more! I'M from a last breed
If you try to walk in my sHoes. You'D wisH you never Had feet

Now everyone put your Hands in tHe sky
It's time to make it Happen. Tonight
You'Re gon na feel tHe temperature rise
'Cuz ain't no deny. I turn up tHe Heat
Don't care. What you say. I'M gone pusH tHe line
I get it in wHen tHe sun don't sHine
Won't, allow no one to stop tHe grind
'Cuz. You can't deny. I turn up tHe Heat

Nowa' days. All you keep Hearing is rappers frontin'
All tHey talk about, is xannies lean or trying to body sometHing
Zip ya. Lip up or get stitcHed up. You talk too mucH
WHen you're ready to tell tHe trutH Holla at me for tHat Midas toucH
You're, probably tHe type tHat can't figure out if you wanna
Come and Hang witH tHese droogies or witH tHose succas on tHe corner
Need some Help trying to decide
THen. Maybe I can tHrow some quarters at your Head. Maybe tHat'll Help you
cHange your mind
See. What y'all done made me do
Turn rigHt bacc into QuiccDraw start rippin' cowards out tHere roots
YeaH. I do groove live in tHe flesH
THe dracula, getting active wHen I attacc cover your neccs
THis ain't a test. This is real discussion
Use. This mic, like a magic wand, in tHe fury wHen I clutcH it
Formulating tHis tHunder, so it rumbles wHen I bust it
Boy, you sHould've known by now, Allanz does it

THis is officially tHe return of Hip-Hop
Matter. Of fact, gangsta rap
THey been Hungry for some realness, so I guess I Had to bring it bacc
And, like your average drug dealer, I'ma make it cracc
THe roof's on fire. I bring tHe matcH
WHen you're looking in my direction. That means you face tHe facts
WHile you're trying to break tHe internet. I break tHe latcH
And wHile you're dry-snitcHing, I'm in tHe cut duct tape and mask
See, I'm really'bout tHe movement. I don't only rap
Enemies, don't dare to run up on'em'cuz. They know He's strapped
Supplier supreme superb
Best described witH 1 letter and 2 words
Q. Allanz roccs got it locced from Here to Canada
I flip tHe script get more numbers tHan pages in Britannicas
Put your drink down girl, I wan na dance witH ya
Let's give'em, sometHing to look at wHen tHey're Pulling out tHere camera
pHones

If, you don't dance to it, just cross your arms and nod your Head
 
