Under Control (\Control\ Response) Lyrics
by Zin-Zeta.


First off shout out to Kendrick Lamar 
I swear that nigga. There must have the largest set of two balls, 
Cause everyone and their mother from all over the U.S 
Are hanging on to them. Pubescent balls, like it's the law or something 
And shouts to Joell for trying to rip him. 
The sh*t was going somewhere'til. His ADHD kicked in 
But, listen cause Zin is about to spit some sh*t in a minute. 
And instantly end debates on which lyricist is the illest 
Just sit back and witness this rap-religious cat diminish, 
This man who dead-ass attempted to get at me and my family's business 
 
F*ck Flex
dropping a bomb once I get on 
Cause, he be hopping on any popular artist's Song 
Even, if there's garbage or nonsensical content on it, 
Meanwhile Electronica's bars be flying beyond their targets. 
But, let's be honest, honesty's not what they want. 
They just want a syllabus filled with syllables full of puns at the end of the
sentence 
Little criminals, with some guns licking off at the entrance 
Aiming at the innocent sons who've. Yet to learn the difference. 
Between, an expert, a sharpshooter and a marksman 
All niggas see is that large Ruger rifle 
They catch an eyeful of that delightful 
Equipment and order their own shipment of Type-2s 
 
Still, no bombs, huh 
I can only assume I'm either whack or rapping in a room full Of blondes 
Dumber than a door knob, but whores slob when you switch it up, 
Call the Type-2, The Ratchet and watch them pick it up. 
But f*ck, the calm, sh*t niggas want me to bring him up. 
 ..., So I'mma bring him up. 
 
Now! I respect you K-Dot, but you did some sucka sh*t 
You mentioned mad bum-ass rappers. You know you f*cking, with 
A handful of average rappers known for sayin', nothing 
Right after gaggin'. The sacks of your masters. 
You know: they're lovin', it 
But ... 
There're a few names. I ain't hear you say: 
You ain't seem too eager to mention Kanye or Lupe 
Quick to mention Tyler, but you couldn't mention Earl or Hopsin 
Isn't this something you'd want Tech, N9ne involved in 
, 
You strategically chose to go up the mainstream road, 
And swerve past the Landmines in manholes, who would explode 
At the chance to respond so I'mma answer you don 
I've never ran from the comp', and I don't be plan to be startin' now 
Wow ... 
Look at how proud this watered-down 
Andre Three Thousand has gotten from poppin' off at the Mouth 
Don't get ahead of yourself, nigga. That'd, be your mistake: 

Don't be saying you're the best cause. If that's what you claim 
I'll remind you. That Wayne said that same crap back in the day, 
And JAY well Jay got flamed two times 
Burned by Em' and scorched by that dude Nas 
But hold up.. You also roasted that boy Kendrick 
So. Why on Earth would that be somethin' you'd neglect to mention 
Don't. Go on a rant just to go halfway: 
If you're, the king of New York nigga, then blast Jay, 
If you're, the king of anything. Your head should be bumping, T.I.'s, 
A general's., But you're, a plain Jane, a f*ckin' G.I 
Stepping out of place 
Coming our your face. 
Everybody catches, hommies and everybody's, been bodied, 
Relax, 
Everybody's gassed off of that track. 
While I'm listening like this is just another''Til. I Collapse' 
Relax
 
