Unholy Vibes Freestyle Lyrics
by Unholy Homies.

Let me spark it off detrimental off actavis and now my fashion sense is like
a. 
Stencil 
Obe put my body out my mental my wrath. Prolly crack the ground in half 
Make. The devil rise, see clear, but my third eye is my better eye. 
Treat women. Like a blunt, we hit and passss hoes keep them chakras open. It'S ya. Last hope
 
Very addicted to a nigga cause. I'M pass dope. 
We was trading sb kicks for sexy chicks. Now I'm putting flows together. For
The next three hits 
And. If life is a game nigga, let me glitch, I heard life is a bitch and she like the dick
 
She fucked, the unholy nigga wit, the pricey, kicks yolo ass niggas come to life, I'm on my
5th 
What is thissss A paradigm shiffffft 
 
We waving automatic guns. At nuns just for fun, ..., The unholy ones, 
We waving automatic guns at nuns just for fun, ..., The unholy ones, 
We waving automatic guns at nuns just for fun; ..., The unholy ones, 
We waving automatic guns at nuns just for fun; ..., The unholy ones, 
 
We some lucid slash, astral psychedelic assholes here from the past tho 
Y'all niggas is full of shit. Like gastro flip a blunt than I pop a stick smoke some 
Daaaabs yo, 

tabs, 
O's, sticky, hash bricks and different plaaateaus 
It's, the unholy brigade and whoever you think is great - can catch the livest 
Grenade nah I'm
playing. We bring the enlightenment to the shade 
\-, I'm saying the bone. I ignite the shit and I blaze yall niggas stuck in gear. If lifes a
race ... stay in ya, lane cum blastin on ya, dame you niggas is crazed knowledge lashings
when, I'm played 
my body and my mind, separated for days, breathe in and stop time 
Doctors say: I'm insaneee, 
, 
We waving automatic guns at nuns just for fun, .... The unholy ones: 
We waving automatic guns at nuns just for fun, ..., The unholy ones, 
We waving automatic guns at nuns just for fun, ..., The unholy ones, 
We waving automatic guns at nuns just for fun, ..., The unholy ones, 
 
My mind is like my inner Room it expands and widens my chances to bend a
spoon 
In advance I'll, see the sun dance rite through the gloom yea yea, my vision
still 
Got through my dad lost an eye for me, but he still got 2 life threw me
music 
But the route i choose left me With a couple scrapes, but my heart got bruised 
How, do you repay someone for An eye? It ain't that much money in the world but 
I'll? Try they say to be present In this life is a prize turn on the news. All
I 
See is demise. Us humans got a thing for praying to the sky, thirsty for god
if 
You talking with no replies the world spinsss and the government lies roll, a 
Spliff and than open ya eyes. Nigga. It'S the unholy guys, surpriseee
 
