Unknown Lyrics
by Quanche.


Never skeptical to make a spectacle and I've accepted that I'm just one of.
those people.
But, still susceptible to deep depression by my own confessions I don't really.
like people.
Nah, I prefer a solitary state.
Thinking about how many dollars I can make.
But honestly it's family over money cause without them I doubt it and wonder.
how I would'a made it, this far.
I should be where plenty other kids are, in my city its a pity when so many.
kids in their teens and twenties like pennies get discard.
And just slip through the cracks, yelling Free Up 'till they get back.
Saying RIP get tats, like Fuck it I'll see you when He says I'm next.
So I sit up with my chin up and I get up everyday give praise with a smile on.
me.
But tell me how I'm sposta try and make a change when the Gun n' Gangs still.
got a file on me.
I'm not the man I thought I would'a been.
Cause when I was thinking 'bout it I was caught up as a kid.
But now I've figured it out, never had to sit it out cause I think of what I.
gotta do and not of what I did.

Its too late now I got no other choice.
When they say I'm not the same don't expect me to apologize.

Its too late now I got no other choice.
When they say I'm not the same don't expect me to apologize.

Mobbin' that I'm involved with often profit off of stealin' and robbin'.
If it's a problem goblins send your mom shoppin' pickin' you out a new coffin.
Uh, coughin', uh, smokin' and drinkin' and laughin' like it ain't nothin'.
Uh, the hate from the people who say that they love you just isn't as obvious.
But it's the strongest sending you up a creek full of shit you wish it was.
Dawson's.
Uh, a hardened heart is a process, losses make for an easier onset.
Yes sir I'm brazy maybe.
Straight jacket or daisy.
Rain cloud or a rose, decisions imposed so what have you chose innately lately.
huh?
Talkin' to God but I feel odd when I don't get no reply.
Whenever the struggle gets old my mother says look in the book of Jobe.
I'm reading.

