Up A Chair Lyrics
by XEL.


Hi, first off, let me say that any day, 
Any MC pretend to tempt me they get dealt with in any way. 
A penny earned. Is a penny saved 
Sick of many, the semi-K lookin' at me. Like'Let'S get this pay' 
Starin' in the mirror. Like'Frrruck this motherfuckin' job' 
Get stuck up for stuff and rob you hustle with your squad, 
We walkin' through your hood. We got the customers abroad 
And. Now my customer's a broad she's talkin'. Like I ain't romantic 
It must have been an instinct, not trustin' in a god. 
I said fuck. It, though, cause I always came with the rugged flow 
Could. Give you my pain in a bucket load and never trust in those 
That. Think that I'm crazy or maybe bipolar 
In the clouds with the Michelin man. Guess I'm a high roller 
It's fee-fi-fo-fum. When I roll up, I know that we fly lower 
Lookin' out my rear view. It'S people I be seein' clear through from the eye
of the 
 
I used to think I had a dream, but now I see that nothing's there 
They tell me I'm a failer loser. I don't fuckin' care 
So unaware you're on my strings, I'm a puppeteer 
Gestured as a queen. That'S a king roll him up a chair, 
 
Like man, it's survival time. So when I write a rhyme 
Our vital signs are not inside of mind. We got ta go ride. The line 
The Mad Chemist ain't gone yet he's followin' in my design, 
I'm fond in kind of rhymin'. You ain't heard since Pun, in'99 
Always been a veteran in training, never been complainin' 
Feel better when it's rainy fuck it. If every day is pain, then 
I be leavin' soon get back on them. Old/Oat, seeds and eating'shrooms 
Try'na stay in my chill zone, though I just need some room: 
 ..., I hate my life, but don't we all, though 
Fol-low no, I said, fall low cause. It'S hol-low 
These people always tell me. These are dumb thoughts, you're just a kid 

Noone can stop me every one of you. Flowin' is sloppy. 
Makin' original show'em, the copy you in the ring and throwin' with Rocky 
You should've never got that microphone. 
And left this rapper life alone go be a ho in Degrassi, 
, ..., bitch, 
 
It's that wacky crazy zainy, psycho, schitzo Native and Mexican 
I invade with the best of them me and my cousin in outerspace 
Play, with the mescaline blaze for the weapons raisin', the Level 
But we bathe in the pestilence, stayed up and wrestled with 
Fadin' depression. Hatred is nestled inside of the page that I'm sketchin' in 
Shit y'all makin' it too easy now 
And, even though I ride for my city, all you bleep me out, 
Guess, I'm okay with that, though 

I'mma finesse my way in sayin', they been prayin' 
Day in day Out stay in lay in the round devout 
Fade in fade out mentally .... I am not there 
Walkin' down this Green Mile. They sent me to the hot chair 
Hopped in the hooptie, hit the block where we caught air 
 Cops scared you in the docks, lair but I'm'bout to lose it 
Without this music, we ain't nothin', homie just loud and stupid, 
 
Some raw flavor for the XEL Fans 
I, don't know how many are out there, but 
For everybody. That'S listenin', I'mma just keep doin' this shit, 
Much appreciation, 
, 
