Wake Up Lyrics
by Unonimus.


And we open chapter one beginning with an anecdote.
And a dose of Trapanal to have you.
all enchanted.
And enamored with the glamour of the camera's flashing.
Now picture that you're battling the phantom of imagination.
With patience and as it happens you're thrashing for life in a sea full of.
Kraken.
Too weak to attack them, they're eating the flagship.
Inside of your mind that you need to surpass them.
In war, yet you find a realm in the.
tip of your cortex.
A mental oasis so you forfeit the will to continue.
Are ripped to a vortex.
Of painful ecstasy and blissful misfortune.
But then you forget when you wake up.

What if dreams are repressed memories?
What if life is a death penalty?
What if I'm just a pretentious kid.
Pretending the world has more depth than it seems?

What if everybody slept at the same time.
During those moments what things would we miss.
Or what if everybody knelt to the same God.
Would it bring together or be reason to drift.
What if I said another what if and it turned to reality.
And I turned every fallacy to logic.
And I'm learning to count all the little fibs.
That I spit to repent for I'm burning down in the pits of.
Heaven, wait I mean Hell, but even the worst dirt of earth can make a clean.
smell.
To the blind mute, deaf or even overly stressed.
Nevertheless it's best to keep your soul off the retail.
You might have lost it when you wake up.

What is waking up?
The end of your last dream or the start of a new one?
The continuation of a pursued one or.
The thought of one you've done.

And we're closing chapter one we'll end it with the antidote.
I can't evoke the passion with no cure for all this madness.
Wait, who am I kidding I don't even have it.
But I'm flattered that you made it this far into the tracklist.
Is your head okay? my hands not.
But as the lead decays I'm only getting sharper.
Now I'm flipping off of the brink of insanity while sipping out of a cup of my.
own vanity.
Landing in a soft cotton bed, sleep med popping, head rotting.
But I'm still writing cause I can't stop it.
And I'm trying to stay tough, I never gave up.
Cause I'm scared that this won't be shared if I never wake up.

