Wanted Lyrics
by Zoetic.


Might, pull up in that buick 
You, never thought, but you knew it. 
Yo bitch got shot by cupid. She be beggin for my body, fluids, 
I can body music like nike. Do it? I be penny pinching like im fuckin jewish 
Im, the t-r-u est in the streets? Never know when i might go in on the beat 
haters want beef. Then i reach under the seat 
Pullin out the fully auto leave em shredded, like wheat 
On, my two feet: you on yo tippytoes 
Sex for free. I never tip these hoes 
And when im on the road killin. All these shows. I got a bad bitch, takin off
all, her clothes, 
Poppin bottles. We be gettin, throwed 
Never, know where i might go: 

Ecstasy shrooms weed and crack 
 Lem me crack yo back. You feel the acid attack im a chiroprac the way i
practice my craft 
I be usin up. All the bank drafts 
Depositin the cash and then i laugh 
As. I walk out. The bank cause my money sittin higher than a damn giraffe thats
a. Damn fact there ain't, no gas, so pump ya brakes 
They all got the shakes, see other rappers fallin off like skin flakes 
Im finna make it big wit. This new mixtape cause im too great 
You too poor, im, contour 
Whats ya, top 5 Im beyond yours, 
You woke a monstor came to conquor. So tell me: Do you want an encore, 
 
Is, this the style that you wanted 
Name any flow and i'm on it? 
They fallin' off cause. They daunted 
You, can't come in this house cause its haunted 
Always on the run, witmy gun. If you want some come and get me cause, i'm
wanted 
Wanted come and get me cause. I'M wanted. 
 
Im gettin fired up like a new, lighter 
Its. The underdog underground fighter 
Under this beat, i let it ride me 
Givin back spasms when im sliding 
So dont. Try me cuz im grimy the best local rapper thats rhyming under the
radar. You can't find me 
Flow so hard, perfect timing. 
Fuck the mainstream im on my own team make my own green smoke. My own weed 
sip, my own lean. No one intervenes cause. The industry got you on a string, 
theyre distracting you with these fancy things and this shiny, bling 
Ja-Jappetos. They be puppeting, 
Ya, eyes filled, wit, fear, 
Never, know. When im creepin near 
Girls fall in love, then i disappear 
Walk out the door. I dont shed a tear 
This a career on my new shit check the blueprint i started from the bottom
and now im.. Grr 
Ain't. No one wit me at the fuckin top 
But once youre there, they all on ya jock 
Talkin, like they ya best bud, and you owe em somethin that shits sus 
You get crushed if you dont, put trust in the rapper thats, doin, stuff, 
Take adrenaline, just to Feel the rush 
Then i cut em up. They all sectioned up, gettin sliced up like cold cuts, 
Time to go nuts hop in the porsche. Then roll up hold my phone up, takin a
selfie, then imma, goner 
Catch, a body if you wan na come ride, wit the soldiers 
Slung over my shoulder this chopper big as a boulder 
Shawty beggin for my boner muthafucker imma own, her, Oh ah Bangin in the
bathroom. 
Back of acura, from the back i be attakin her sinkin my teeth. Like dracula, got
the craziest vernacular. What the hell you think, im rappin for Im
spectacular vamanos got ta, shake it up and get a different flow makin it slow, 
For, the hoes rippin off their clothes. If you thought i wasn't choppin know i
bet the haters know watch out for the po po 
Time to bounce like pogo 
Mastered bein, a mogul 
Hungry for these beats eatin. These rappers till im full full 
 
Said im the one who's chosen, 
Swingin swords like i was conan 
Lyrics flowing like the ocean. 
Leave you frozen of commotion, 
Mixin up a potent potion, 
You feel it in your abdomen 
Knockin out all my opponents, 
So blocka. What gun you totin 
Who shot? Cha Went postal on the postman importing in poetry, 
Please name me, another rapping that doing it better locally, 
No, salty sultry could geometrical match my potency 
Commodities move like sharks chasing prey. I smile show my teeth: 
Damnit why'd! You have to go and free this beast. I'M in this beat 
Like drugs in street. I came up from the underground 
Ridin round my hometown. Everybody hear that sound 
Money counter soundin, like a dirtbike im, so ripe 
Went, a little left. So now the haters see im. Always right, 
Since the day that i turned 15, i had Choice to spit 16's 
Now, i'm licensed to kill. Like i took my test at 17 
Severing their heads, then i eighteens replacing 
Their soul wit, the rest like a nineteen, its frightening 
Now im, boutta turn 20 and im still feelin, so young 
Just wait until next year, imma be the twenty one. 
Never know when im gon stop 
I just might pop like rocks to the top 
Hear the drop you hop for the flop 
See the crooked cops. They be eyein up my crops, so i opt for the chop time. To
Open up shop, 
BLAHH, 
, 
