Watch Me Rise Lyrics
by Ry.


I'M chasing dreams is that a crime 
Missed out on yours, I'm getting mine, 
Sorry bra! You had your time 
You kept me down now. Watch me rise, 
Another kid from Melbourne. Now gim me the crown 
I'm, not stepping aside 
Never. I got too much pride, yeah, 
Now, Roger that and take a note 
I'm on a high. Let'S stay afloat. 
Teachers said that I wouldn't amount to squat 
Now. I take shots from a mountain top 
To performing in any Jordan that I want 
Electric shock. Your shit is toast. 
I heard your song, that's shits, a joke. 
I know it's ignorant, that's nothing new 
But! I ain't listening cos. They ain't have a clue. 
And if took advice from dudes 
I, wouldn't be just where I'm at 
I. Guess that really sucks for you. 
 
And, so you Watch Me Rise. 
And. Try to drag me down. 
'Cos you attempted to fly. 
You fell to the ground, 
So fuck you 
'Cos, I'mma, be out. 
I, see the tears in your eyes. 
You better Watch Me Rise. 
Just Watch Me Rise. 
Just Watch Me Rise. 
 
Better write this down, underline it. Thrice 
I shall be a legend. Every second is more time to rise. 
And, I'm self raising. I raised my fuckin' self from the dirt up 
Without help like a zombie outa, the grave and now its murder 
No. I ain't heard your rhyme motherfucker hand me a lime, I'm out here, killing 
Fertilizer in my car and they say I'm on drugs. I'M out here dealing 
Found your villain, I'll, be the vampire for you I'll play the bad guy role. 
'Cos, I'm anti Y'all and I say a lot of shit mean every bit. I stand by it all 
Yeah I snapped on this one. Didn'T you listen Yeah. I went and hit'em till a
black eye swole 
And by gosh, I'm serious, said: I'd appear and sap thy souls 
Pray to the lord. If you're real come around here and grant my wish 
But, I'm already there with a full head of hair, a few good friends and I love
my bitch 
But. I wonder if this rise continues. One day i'll make enough to live 
'Cos one of us kids gon na, be the man. I think I might be the one who is 
In. The meantime watch me rise through foggy eyes. 
While you cry, I don't deserve it, but these fans are goin', decide. 
, 
I'm out my mind, buy a clue. 
Maybe a trip to the past sip on the fountain of youth. 
Let me save you time you slipped and ... its evident too 
Now taste these bars. Then wash it down with the truth, 
Now these tables turn 
Told me to crash and burn 
I ain't hurt. The old me wouldn't have thought 
Before. I reacted first 
Now, I'm calm, slow it down; 
Sip the red left to drown, 
Resurrect back around 
Go and pray to see me shelved 
Dust it off 
Like the chip on your shoulder, or should I say, chips, 
Damn, here's, some dip and a cold one shit 
Enjoy. The show few of us live 
That's like Hell, yeah, fucking, right, 
Take care playing in my ride. 
By myself, I'm alright 
My darkest part now gone for life, 
My homeboys Mike and I'm cool with Pippen 
To, the top. There ain't no limit 
Now, you and I are the opposite of me and AllDeez man, 
We ain't, just chillin' 
Now. It'S your turn to be judged. 
Now, sit and learn as I rise above 
 
Peace
 
