Watusi Dance Lyrics
by 4 Broz By Broz.

Stephen Genes, the Magnanimous 
Well fed we got'zza \-
far our like Sun Ra 
Undead, like Mumm-Ra \-, I
flow cold, like tundra, 
I got flatulence abound. Yes, I'm tooting out the good sounds 
Praise for my timbre resounds. Call me the gaseous eraser of frowns 
Waft, the bouquet of wordplay, Or, should I say, sniff my farts 
Well bless your heart. I'M blissfully pissing on your pop tarts 
And. Now I'll skeet on your shredded wheat part of a complete meal. 
Treat you to my veal. You know I mean my wiener 
I'm a winner at the dinner table, 
Legendary like a fable able to rock the joint 
Call me The Finger cause, I'm always on point: 
, 
MC, Half Mast, 
 
Hopped up into Target 
man looking for a deal 
Silverware $ 5. That'S what I call a stainless steel 
Met, a lady in line told
her. I always keep it real 
She was dressed so fine and wore some nice high heels. 
We got to the talking one thing led to another 
And. The next thing I knew I was doinking someones. Mother 
By, the time we were done, I had discovered 
That, her husband came home and I shouted Oh brother 
This actually never happened, though I dreamt it one time 
How. I wish it were real and not just in my mind, 
Such a deal on knives and forks. Would I ever even find 
On the off chance? I did. I would rob the Target blind. 
I don't give a shit here. Is Mr. Dr. DJ Oatmeal 
 
DJ Oatmeal 
Exceptional, Please you're average in the middle 
I'm, a nine on the Richter and you barely make a squiggle, 
My, rhymes, refined sugar, sticky sweet get stuck in the beat 

And flock in feather together on my cue 
Kitchen cooking, a Bitching sort of witches brew, 
Each MC a piece in a stew of a saga, 
Ali Baba, open sesame and
the words flow like lava. 
And burn the ears of my peers in the sphere of my influence, 
My style, worthwhile, finessed and nuanced 
With. A pleasing, aesthetic and my flow copacetic 
I rhyme the whole dictionary. Do it alphabetic 
The evidence empirical, my lyrical dictation 
Ranks me top three in the R and B nation 
Don't change the station cause your patience just paid off, 
Carry the'x' and divide enlightenment equation: solved
 
