We On Lyrics
by 404WILL.


Where's the money when you need it? I love her in that Wang, bet showin.
cleavage....
Where's the love when you want it? Duck and maneuver ain't no opponent.

I'm floatin, I'm potent.
I'm the 1 who they quotin.
I'm the 1 in the lead but it look like I'm coastin.
Baby grab it to go it don't matter who open I'm starvin cannot get closer to.
home without feastin.
She said baby you straight.
I think Nas sent some beats in.
I Said baby lets eat then.
I go hard every weekend.
Read my bible on Sunday.
Lay in the tub and tweet then.
You know that's just the Run way.
Know my closet a runway.
Add a rip in the front.
Boy ain't no competition.
Add a RIP in the front.
She said boy you so crazy.
I said baby I know.
I think they close in a second.
Make yo mind and let's go.
Lemme try on this coat.
How it look just be honest.
You know I love some Ralph Lauren.
Ring it up if you want it.
Tellem keep the receipt.
Tellem they talk is cheap.
Tellem quit all the flexin if ya music is weak.
Tellem get on my level I made that purchase last week.
I spent a half a ticket and that's just all on my feet.

And we on, we on, we on, we on.
And we on, we on, we on, we on.

Where's the money when you need it? I love her in that Wang bet she showin.
cleavage....
Where's the love when you want it? Duck and maneuver ain't no opponent.

Where's the woman that we called up?
Blow the whistle and I bet that nigga ball up.

Where's the party, the party.
Can't start it up without me.

Dieumoda, dieumoda boy I'm colder than water.
Primetime when I rhyme you should call Dianne Sawyer.
My big sister a lawyer.
Make sure business I call her.
NBA ballin.
Now a nigga pockets is taller.
Lookin at me I'm ballin, I'm ballin.
I'm shinin, they stallin.
FGE all my niggas is all in.
Can't wait till we on an island somewhere touring.
Know she foreign, know she foreign.
That's my whip too.
I'm freestylin lookin at my kicks too.

And we on, and we on.
Where's the money when you need it.
Love her in that Wang bet she showin cleavage.
Where's the love when you want it.
Duck and maneuver ain't no opponent, my rhymes is potent.
And we on, and we on.
Where's the money when you need it.
Love her in that Wang bet she showin cleavage.
Where's the love when you want it.
Duck and maneuver ain't no opponent, my rhymes is potent.

