We Were Kings Lyrics
by Uno Hype.


Ay yo Black Diamond 
Sometimes. It take that soul to get this shit up out a nigga. You know what I'm
sayin 
But I'mma, let em know: 
No love, 
, 
Hassani, Kwess 
If. These hoes wan na choose, let em choose then 
Dimes ain't shakin with squares fuck. You been 
And, I'm in the club tryin to find a new friend 
Never chase my vodka with juice. It'S too thin, 
 
I know you feel me if you do liquor 
Hard times and the brew get me through quicker 
But. You got ta know your place when you play your part, 
Cause thats, why OG's ain't fuckin with them new, niggas, 
 
Listen? To me, I got a dream and I scheme up a storm on my block. 
I wind up green fiends won't crack what I rock 
On. The block I'm from they ain't got the talent I got 
I nut up, take off the vest when life shoots me my shot. 
 
I already got a burden and it's called the struggle. 
When you're rich, it's rap. When you're broke, it's called a hustle 
And. The doubt that you won't make it out is called a muzzle 
And what the weak call pain. I call it muscle 
 
And, I work it out. 
It hurts sometimes, but damn life is worth it now. 
 
And I'm tryin to fill the void like a hole in me, 
While my damn demons tryin to keep the hole empty, 
I'm tryin to live it, but the pessimism holdin me 
If. I see him. I keep going it's the soul in me. 
 
Let. Him know a nigga breathe. I swear to god: 
I'mma rob cats. If I don't get a better job, 
But that ain't in me, so I'm drivin with the tank empty, 
I, better ball. So I rhyme and stay Kwess for y'all 
 
I'mma. Let it off I'mma! Let it off 
So I rhyme and stay Kwess for y'all 
I'mma. Let it off 
 
You, don't know what you had 
But you're gon na find I ain't so bad 
When, I'm gone and you're alone 
No one to give it to you 
 
Cause. Now I know where it's at 
That's right, I'm wrong. 
It'S such a drag that 
The bitch is back 
But, not for long 
, 
Uno Hype. 
The way. I see the game, damn homie, it's so fucked up. 
Sayin that I looked up. I climbed up the ladder 
Now. I'M at the top like, what's up 
Nothin comin away of it except homie that wan na hate on me, but that's a
given, 
 
Tell the world to wait on me. If this ain't, what they feelin 
Until, then I'm grindin with the same clique, I be on the same shit, 
No, respect to them. Lames you be hanging with got everybody bangin, this 
Homie double teamin, so I'm droppin this dip it like Stojaković, 
, 
Tell, everybody watch this shit, I'm about to drop 30 on you, niggas 
Goin, for the gold, James Worthy
on, you niggas, 
Blowin eights of purp, I'm, like Kobe, On you, niggas 
The, color gettin darker on the pictures, 
 
Standin in the room, while the lights keep flickin 
Time, still passin blunts, still ashin 
Young Uno used to be ashin, fuck, all the chicks that pass him 
Tell em to keep it classy, nigga, 
 
Sittin' there. Your little throne 
The queen of right, got no king of wrong 
To. Bring it on you play on 
Go, find someone else. 
 
You never felt this before 
But. I don't feel the same anymore 
Cause. I don't need this shit. Goin' on
 
