West Coast Lyrics
by 3X Krazy.


Up on my block nigga, up yo' cash.
Before you get your ass blast by them niggas up in cut.
You better hit the gas.
Cause if you don't then you gonna be another victim.
Of another motherfucking murder when I let it him 'em.
This strictly underground, hardcore and funkdafied.
Talking all that lip you trip and slipped into a homicide.
I break 'em down like twamp sacks.
All I spit is flow raps.
My game is unlimited like a motherfucking 24 track.
Duck and dodge while these bullets eject.
You get your shirt wet.
Thought a nigga was coming soft but nigga I'm coming erect.
Reject, this nigga right here gotta get mine.
Don't think about bogarting cause this nigga ight here got a flow 9.
Make me blow my top.
I'll be offy with my chop.
Hickory dickory fuck the doc.
Back up in your ass like some hot.
Recognize.
Niggas like me is so deep in this hit.
When you see me bumping.
I'm gon' be bumping that west coast shit.

That'll have your trunk thumping.
West coast shit.
The only thing that I be bumping.

West coast shit.
Giving my niggas what they want.
West coast shit.
3X Krazy bringing funk.

Just another liquor store mission.
Hennessy sipping.
Niggas be itching, indeed set tripping.
I don't know why.
I'm hella high fucking with these wise guys.
Tripping off last night.
I got a pint of Hennessy on my mind.
So I'm kinda perving.
Swerving.
Leaving the liquor sto'.
Peeping a thicker ho.
Nigga them dank to drank.
The joint some herb.
Thinking of nouns and verbs.
I ? upon my face while chase E&amp;J.
I see on ? cause I'm serving the whole shop.
Who's the tightest?
With that flow full of gold that's touching your soul like King Midas.
Not the nicest nigga so grab yo' shit.
The underachiever that'll leave ya need ya heater.
Stripped then zipped.
And off that lip.
That you talk ain't bought one bit.
Cause you'se a loser, feud along ? would need a few good men.
And in the end, I leave 'em all restless.

It's just that funk from the O coming straight from the west.

Keak Da Sneak.
It's that west coast shit.
The only thing that I be bumping.
In a Firebird 450 Pioneer straight slumping.
If it ain't rough it ain't 3 X Krazy.
From the O.A.K.L.A.N.D.
So see I be flowing like a motherfucker.
Leave you on your back, off the 'yay.
Draped in all black and sneaking on the attack.
I let my Flowamatic spray when I choose.

I'm the man when I flow like that.
Like this you miss.
Now you gots to kiss my fist.
I piss on y'all trash.
To let you know don't ever put me to the fucking test.
So ladies that's right.
I'll strip him, put his ass to rest.
It's the sneaker freak funk from free.
Never ate the peach.
But I fuck this ho on the beach.
About to reach the Rich &amp; Famous like Robin Leach.
You try to touch my style but you can't nigga, deal with it.
Here come the Flow 9, my flow, niggas I kill with it.
I'm still grabbing up my nuts, quick fast.
Still flash on these goofy ho sluts.
My Flowamatic cock back.
Hood full of rat who be stepping back.
Thugging, talking 'bout That nigga strapped!
The flow don't quit.
So nigga don't ask me too quick.
If you do I'll wind up something you and your crew.
Whatchu wanna do? My fist lie.
On the bwoy, like a pimp.
When I'm riding through the town.
Bumping that west coast shit.

