What I Am Lyrics
by ZOOpfish.


Damn.
Here we go again.
Pouring out my soul, for people to clap their hands.
Here I stand, I am what I am.
Damn.
Pay attention if you can.
But Just because you listen doesn't mean you understand.
I guess I am what I am.

I'll never be the man that they expected.
2 good fish, hey I wonder who the next is.
Oh the one that's trying with the rapping;.
I mean it's good but how the hell did it happen.
Cause They were saying that Im just like my his Dad.
I mean I love em, I just don't see how that is.
Ma says I'm a little more emotional.
Less consolable, friends say.
Less controllable.
Always be the third amigo to others.
Look Cod and Logan are so close with each other.
But we're not friends, we're brothers.
How you tell a brother love one more than another.
Yeah me and Cody fight, both always right.
Then Logan gotta sqaush it by the end of the night.
So when people ask me why I'm so stubborn.
Hey I got it from my brother.

Ohhh and Really gets me seeing.
Oooh All the ills at home.
Still wanna be cool like Ian.
Still wanna be kind like jones.
And Jones told me I'd make it.
Kinda eerie ain't it.
OoohThat was our last conversation.
Don't forget me when your famous.
So I can't quit now.
Cause life go quick man don't blink now.
Hold back sorrow, and mend up hearts.
Cause I could die tomorrow and I got leave my mark.
Wanna be heard tell me I'm your your favorite.
But I still feel weird, when I hear my song playing.
Maybe that'll change when im famous.

I am what I am*2.

I hate to talk about my self.
But done talking bout you, so there's nobody else.
Play it safe.
I Let the love and hate dispel.
Scared that every girl I meet gonna put me through hell See.
I'll never really be the type for cuffin.
Not up for discussion, it's fuckin over the loving.
Not for lack of heart, it's really just lack of substance.
Think we both need something with a little more trusting.
And I'll admit I've broken hearts of women.
But I've also fell in love with girls hat wanted something different.
Hell I've even caught feelings after one time with her.
Type a girl you meet once and can tell she just get it.
Never growing up the way we living.
Still think I'm hercules, I can go the distance.
But I don't wanna damsel in distress.
I need ya to hold it down, we Bonnie and Clyde the stress.
And yes my heart has had its thefts.
Guess I Feared the rest, Girl I'm sorry, I confess.
It's childish for me to duck relationships.
Same for you, so what do you say we change a bit.

Or maybe you can stay bit.
Live in the moment girl savor it.
I am what I am, your ok with it.
Let's show the world what amazing is.

We are what we are.
Yeah we are what we are.
Young confused kid just trying to be a star.
With a plan in my hand, and dream in my heart.

