Wheeping Whales (Phase 1) Lyrics
by Tyler Major.

Tyler Major 
 
This right here, ... .isnt for the regulars 
Outsiders read between the brail, feel the venacular 
Never worry its the checker in the hinus suit. 
That gets more recognition by his actions than his righteous crew. 
The beats liquid. Let it drip to your fingernails 
And. Girls without the ponytail disguise the signs of weeping, whales, 
\ -- -and oldie, but goodies with the gaws rap 
Pretended to be dope, and his conclusion was a grammy aaaand. Oh crap 
With the never ending, vision mathmetician when it comes to definitions, its a
split decision, 
Haha, --, -give, em, more rap, 
Tell em about the production credit they gave to that cat. 
Hmmmm taste like a raw meal. 
Let, it sour an hour come back to recognize the skill 
At this point, its soundin quite bonkers 
Never. Will I rhyme that word again, its kinda awkward, 
Worst reeds, keep it wet more rippled staccatos than letherette 
Teach em to stop the twitchin before they warn em to hit the deck 
Give em a search like inspecta 
Then go go the crowd chanted microphone, checka 
Thus began More daps than soundmans to most rappers 
Afterwards hes gone without his face-blank proceed to next chapter: 
, 
Gloomy Pyramid, 
 
Gloomy. So what's the radius, 
The, shits, lateral, my words, tedious, 
My life is actual your life grevious 
We control you. So I guess we were made for this 
And theres, something about the life lore 
You couldn't get lower. Even if you were the price floor. 
Changing up the motion like devotion of a notion, 
I got ta. Get that hp like a potion. 
So sit down relax. I got the 
New attacks because they cost 50. Ask your friends if they missed me: 
But really donate to japan with the plan. 
I'M not saying this, because I'm a fan of the bape 
Or, the honda, simple ass actor waiting for my oscar 
A, lame ass skater. Adjusting to the sponser 
So I'mma, let you know when I see you at the 
Door, so ... 
 
The door is open full of the sleakened sound 
Melodies, with the words that come out. My mouth 
What, I think about when I come home, 
I, try to have the courage to think aloud. 
Or amount to what was ever dear 
The cold. Sheer what bears the things I never fear 
But, I shared so .... There'S one reason that the whales 
Shouldn't be weeping while I'm on a weekend lows: 
I honored the things that were so advance, 
The, dolphins, echos, always have me in a trance 
And. Lately. I really wish that I could dance 
I watch, yo gabba gabba, to hear dj lance 
Rock ... and on this door. I know for a opportunity: 
But, it cost a day of continuity. 
I hope these words gone through to see 
In the end i'll be writting. Your uligy
 
