Where I come from Lyrics
by Russ Moshavi Chara.

Yeah.

Uh!

I can't believe some of these niggas about.
Birds and the bees.
They won't go quietly.
And that shit don't fly with it.
Or with me.

I was born in Mt. Clemens near Roseville.
And near Clinton township.
At the bottom of a hill.

Well actually I was born in a hospital in warren.
But hey the first sound better.
Otherwise you'd think this is borin.

My neighborhood was like Beverly hills.
Well actually, that was a lie but it was a good idea still.
My neighborhood was dog crap.
My neighborhood was also bird shit.
My old town was a fucking wreck.
And that is why I left it.
Get over it.

In the 6th grade I had to deal with Nazis.
Most other people in 6th grade were too busy playing yazi.
All of these cocky shatzis think they're real hot shit.
Well suck my ass motherfuckers you can go eat a dog's dick.

I had to deal with words like nigga and cracker..
Sometimes used for nice things, mostly used for fights and after.
I had a girlfriend who was a piece of shit.
She a fuckin disgrace.
Then she went to a girl school in central Michigan.
Got the hell outta the place.
Likely was running from me as you can plainly see.
Better not double fuckin cross me.
If you do you will feel the heat.
Might as well play chicken in the street.

You want a photo o Mt. Clemens? Look right here.
This pic I took ain't goin' fuckin nowhere.
Yeah this is it, alexis you were wrong.
You shouldn't have tried to deny the scars or my song.
I just burned some shit like it was on a doorstep on sunday.
Guess it might be an early start to a hell we all call Monday.
Hey Andra you listening to?
Remember you said my hood was fine?
Take a look, smell the dog shit on this pic.
You never thought the world was unkind.

This hood is so damn fucked we need god complex to clean it the fuck up.

This is a disgraceful excuse for a subdivision.
It looks like to me a knife incision.
Crime and terror R us and shit.
Now describes Clinton Township.
Think about that when you talk shit.
When it rains there It rains piss.

I call this a full resolution.
I call this a full restitution.

I call the bluff of so many who act so tough.
Like Bill gates or al gore who always think they live so rough.
Playing basketball with the president.
Dunkin on his delegates.
I should be careful cause the whole whitehouse is delicate.

Ima ride a gyrocopter into the middle east.
Drop some bombs its American nature at least.

Steven Harper, called out for Owen.
Steven is a fuckin tramp.
Livin in Canada under a freeway ramp.
Tellin us how to live but he never gives.

Steven wants prayer in schools.
I would say he's king of the fools.
Steven wants another war in the middle east.
He won't leave Canada in one piece.

Lemme put this into words you can understand.
Amalaka uka shaka ducka dirkistan.

Te odio, y me odias.
Somos una familia de odio.
With a punch to the face and a kick from me to you.
لن أقول لكم كنت أكره لي؟.
Fuck this shit im outta here.
Freestyle is over.
Shoutout to Crudo.
Shoutout to all the hoes.

