Where Ya Baby Mama? Lyrics
by 5th Ward Weebie.

Little kid talking 
Daddy why my mama, shaking that booty for 5th Ward Weebie ?
 Is she a ho 
, 
5th, Ward, Weebie, 
Ho, ah ha ha 
Ha, ah ha ha, 
Ha, ah ha ha, 
Ha, ah ha ha, 
Ha, ah ha ha 
, 
Ya, baby mama in the club and ya know she actin' bad 
She's a ho she's a ho 
Ya baby. Daddy in the club and ya know he actin' bad 
He's a ho he's a ho 
Ya baby, mama actin' bad in this bitch ha 
Ya, baby, daddy, actin' bad in this bitch ha 
Ya, baby, mama, actin' bad in this bitch ha 
Cause she's a ho she's a Ho 
 
Phoolish 
Now in the club they be wantin' mo' 
To hit the mack that give em' stacks to wobble on the flo' 
That's, how it go Sunday night up rip up in the spot. 
They got ta hit em' in the spot, so drop it like it's hot 
Movin', the thong showin' pussy. Let me see it shake 
And put the holla, OH. If they want that pussy ache 
Look. What cha' made three kids, three sperm donors 
Willin' to give that pussy up to whoever run up on her 
She in the corner? Actin' bad off, Shake It Fast! 
That, Blue Hawaiian got her mind. You can take her ass 
Now picture that yo baby daddy, still wantin' mo' 
She in the club actin' bad. That'S why they caller ho 
 
5th Ward, Weebie 
Man, I'm chillin by the bar and I'm kickin' it with a fat ho 
Titties lookin' good. But I'm really peakin' that ass though 
Feelin' on the thighs cause, I'm chillin' full of that Hennessey 
After a long night of this hit. She gon' remember me 
Man. What'S this ho name again, oh it's Tiffany 
Two minutes before Weebie came on. She be kissin' me 
Baby! Mom came by the bar tryin' to be messy 
Hangin' with these stupid, ass, hoes lookin', all nasty 
Workin' all play it off like. I don't see this ho 
Try to shake me up if ya want, but I'ma beat a ho 
You a sad bitch in the club. Tryin to act bad 
Throwin out they child support aught to be glad bitch, 
, 
Phoolish 
Why T don't get mad nigga 
Hatin' on her cause. She about to shake that ass nigga 
Waitin' on her tryin to catch actin', bad nigga, 
Hittin' them stairs bout to work it for that cash. Nigga 
You's, a sad nigga 
You supposed to try to make her break that bread 
When she come home. She done break a nigga, take the bread, 
I hate to say it, but she leavin' here with us tonight: 
Nut suckin', butt fuckin' in the truck tonight, 
I'ma fuck her right, tuck, her right in the corner in back of the club 
In, the V.I. sippin' on yac. In the club 
About three I'ma get my shit packed in the club. 
And go knee high in that bitch after the club, 
 
Various, ad-libs and lines to fade
 
