Who's Tha Hoe? Lyrics
by X-Raided  (a.k.a. Nefarious).


Picture this a black man walks into a white store, 
She's a white hoe and the nigga says Hello. 
She, says Hi back in a friendly tone. 
But. She was really thinking. Nigga leave me the hell alone. 
But. Then the nigga threw his rap 
Told her that he loved her and all that crap 
I knew what he wanted to do. 
Take her to her house pick up her brew and then screw. 
This is something that I know well. 
Black hoes is cool, but white. Hoes are dumb as hell: 
She fell for the drama that he was talking 
When she should've said: Nigga keep walking 
But. She was nothing but a flirt. 
She thought to herself A little sex won't hurt 
Huh, but little did the white hoe know. 
The nigga was a jiggalo. You know a male hoe, 
They left the store and went to the nigga's house. 
Doggy style turned her white ass out. 
The nigga got a 40 out the fridge 
Kicked back and took a few swigs 
He passed it to the hoe and she took a few sips 
He took it from her put it down and he touched her lips. 
He put her ass out baby, you got ta go 
Now. Let me know who's the motherfucking hoe 
In this case 
 
, X-Raided Brotha Lynch Hung and Sicx } 
Who's, the who's, the hoe, 
 
We all know what happened to the white hoe. 
She got sick, took a trip to the hospital, 
It wasn't A.I.D.S. or some other disease. 
She was pregnant because she was easy. 
She got money, but still was a damn. Shame: 
The baby's father. She don't know his damn name 
And. What'S she gon na tell Pops 
He thought she was a V, but the panties drop .
 Did she come out with the fact 
I don't know, Moms is old, she might have a heart attack, 
She ain't showing yet so why bother 
Right? Now she needs to try to find the father. 
She got the address and went to the front door. 
The nigga opened it and said What up hoe 
He noticed that she wasn't gon na apologize 
And from the Levis. He was hugging, her thighs 
He said Baby. Did you wan na come in 
And like a dummy she did and they was fucking again 
She forgot what she was there for 
This time yo. I know who's the hoe, 
 
, X-Raided Brotha Lynch Hung and Sicx } 
 
She lost her baby. Maybe it was for the best 
Or it could've been a little test. 
Put together by you, know who 
The hoes be screaming too 
I. Don'T know it's crazy than a motherfuck 
Is it, the nigga you trick or the dick she sucked 
Or. Is it both. That makes you a big bitch 
You get mad, so you switch 
Go, find you another hoe to get with 
Eat each other's pussies and playing with rubber dicks 
Niggas is hoes too dropping them. Drawls 
Getting up the shit walls. 
Don'T ask me because I don't know 
The nigga or the bitch, which one is the hoe: 
 
 X-Raided Brotha Lynch Hung and Sicx } 
 
