Whooping Cough Lyrics
by Unorthodocks.


I was never blacklisted, I just avoided the parties and actresses.
And it wasn't cause I was timid, more like horny and tactless.
What a bastard; I'm sorry honey, really I'm a gentleman.
It's just that when there's liquor and women I'm just a simple man.
I swear I could make you switch up the tempo and.
Convince you to show me how being loose is so simple ma'am.
Mostly known to carry a six foot pole.
The blade protruding from the sides looks like I just took souls.
You should be nervous when you see it, cause you're the one who needs it.
If you think every emcee's work and worth is fucking even.
Just goes to show that every surface is deceiving.
My actions leave them happy but my words could leave them bleeding.
How does Hercules deal with a serpent trying to disturb the peace?

It's like the perfect piece to puzzle, strapping these beasts with muzzle.
I hope you could still see defeat when it's subtle just call me Deji.

Gawdlee.
Yo, Docks.

Unorthodocks.
What up?

Gawdlee.
It's really too easy.

Unorthodocks.
I know what you're saying man, there's just no competition out here. That's.
why you and me got to do tracks with each other and actually challenge each.
other you know? Yo....

I wasn't awkward, I was outspoken at concerts.
Opening for Broken Toms just hoping that my spoken psalms worked.
At TUF I toughened up, chugging jugs instead of water.
Til my head is hotter than a father when I met his daughter.
Said With this bread I got her she'll be wanting for nothing.
So just look past the fact that I'm a vagabond ragamuffin.
The cracker just staggered back, I said I'm get crackalacking.
Shorty, be in the Cadillac after you grab the bag your packing.
I'm back in action, bagging fractions and acting dumb.
Mind bending, leding, spending dollars as I'm stacking 'em.
Packs of Backwoods and Dutches, leave the Swishers for the sweeties.
Only roaches in the dishes we be ripping up your beedies.
We be ripping up your treaties, I ain't ripping if it's seedy.
I ain't riffing, I ain't raffing, I'm just rapping on a CD.
I'm spitting graphic novels, when I drool it's cinematic.
And I love this game too much to just let a beginner have it.
Enigmatic, innovative, keep your shorty penetrated.
Just to prove I demonstrated everything the pen has stated.

