Wonder Lyrics
by Vivekverma.


Tik-Tok on the clock, guess whoose back on the block 
Now my head is overcrowded. Ever since i lookin for the top 
 Lem me walk up to the mic and knock 
And to my critics. Imma put ya on the shock: 
So shut, the shit talk, 
 
Look back on this track back and forth. The fact 
What the heck when i am back to this track, 
M right behind yer, hunch, back 
Imma, doo or die for a payback infact got the balls to face wack 
Yeaahh. I dont ever give a popin shit. 
Haters are feminen so what they call for masculin 
I drank a half of gasoline excrement on yer sissy dream, 
Full of self esttem. To get my confidence back up to the main stream 
 
I just get back grab the microphone to drop bombs on them floors, 
I. Just get back grab the microphone to drop bombs on them floors, 
, 
Now. What i do what i do imma do 
May be like a desparodo anybody of you 
Getiin sick of what i do 
Fore. I call the truce count for two 
Ill. Take a laugh with the scooby boo 
, kick ya to the zoo 
Now. What the heck is life 
In. This meantime gettin pain inside 
Ain't. Nobody come around 
So. I am makin all those wack rhymes 
Gettin ready for break up the hostage. Let back up in a fine line: 
 
I just get back grab the microphone to drop bombs on them floors, 
I just get back, grab the microphone to drop bombs on them floors, 
, 
Yeeahh, 
Back. Up to my childhood 
Only gal that i admired boo 
Everytime. I look up in the sky. Imma sky dude 
 Got ta the pent-up feelin bagged only thin. I can smile through 
If - u like it or not, but i own it at every place and spot tooo 
Have had with the fair weather, friends 
Enough with their psychometric command. 
I. Look myself what of proud to be 
Braught a V now m outta me 
Imma, be what i set out to be 
Ain't, no body compare to marshall in list of me. 
 
I just get back grab the microphone to drop bombs on them floors. 
I just get back, grab the microphone to drop bombs on them floors, 
 
Its been a while now i wonder 
What does it take to wonder what life allow 
U could barely through it? Can'T even ponder how 
Eplosion inside a reality, doest seem so vanity. 
I musta made a mistake: 
