Wonder Woman Lyrics
by VI Seconds.


Want to hear the truth, don't want no lies. 
I done told you ‘bout it a thousand times. Yeah 
Tell me right now cause its on my mind: 
I'm confused when you put on that disguise 
You're that wonder, woman, 
, 
I can't believe you and I hate it. 
Every time you speak, I'm second, guessing all your statements. 
Every time you say, “I love, you ”! I hit you with a side eye. 
I, can't even trust you with the pass to my Wi-Fi 
You were you I was me we were us. 
It was true. I could see we had lust. 
It was cool girl, it was what it was 
And then soon it would turn into love. 
We would fight and we'd cuss and we'd cuss 
And. At night we would fuck and we'd fuck 
The way. We shake-up shake-up 
We would make-up make-up, 
Wake up wake up, 
I ain't wan na break up wake up, 
You were mine, but on the side I'm growing tired of your lies. 
I can't even recognize you. When I look you in the eyes, 
You put bullets in everything that we had 
Cause. Your word was something that I never had. 
 
I want to hear. The truth, don't want no lies. 
I done told you ‘bout it a thousand times. 
Yeah. Tell me right now cause its on my mind: 
I'm confused when you put on that disguise 
You're that wonder, woman 
 
I swear I-… 
I-I-I, just…, 
Every time, I-… 
Go back to the night that you told me, 
You spent the night with him and you tried to Fucking hold me: 
I lose my shit thinking ‘bout how you may have grabbed on him 
And. It makes me wan na fucking, put my hands on him. 
If. You want him so bad. He can have you 
Want me to leave so bad I'll, be glad to 
You, and him can sit and listen close and laugh at this 
Full of love cause. I cared about your happiness. 
Just know he'll, never love you like, I did. 
I saw our future when I closed my fucking eyelids 
Way to go. You showed me love ain't special 
And. For that reason I ain't. Never gon'! Forget you! 
 
I want to hear the truth. Don'T want no lies. 
I done told you ‘bout it a thousand times. 
Yeah tell me right now cause its on my mind: 
I'm confused when you put on that disguise 
You're that wonder, woman, 
 
Honestly, I'm so done with the lies that you're telling me 
It's funny how your breasts-, I mean your eyes. Keep selling me 
They. Keep telling me you want love, I want lust. Motherfucker 
I fell right into your trap. Like a dumb, motherfucker 
Where you at Where the fuck you at. When I need you 
See, you focus on your features. 
I'Ve been needing something deeper, 
I've been contemplating you like 
“Do. I love her. Do I need her ” 
In the end I always end up with 
“You need to fucking leave her” 
Damn. Remember all the nights. You said: “I love, you”, 
Now, honestly, I'd rather be with anybody, but you 
You fucked, another guy 
Now. You know why. I can never trust you. 
“It was only for a night and outta spite and I was drunk too.” 
Clung to every lie. You fed to me, 
Funny how I thought I found a love. I found an enemy 
Funny. How I thought I found a time. I found a memory 
Remember. What you said to me: 
Now leaving is a remedy. I'M outtie, it's Witt, 
 
I want to hear the truth. Don'T want no lies. 
I done told you ‘bout it a thousand times. 
Yeah. Tell me right now cause its on my mind. 
I'M confused when you put on that disguise 
You're that wonder, woman, 
, 
I'm, tired of having problems 
I, wish that we could just solve ‘em 
But. If you lying girl, please don't involve me 
Fucking ‘round on me, wish. I wasn't all in 
Yeah really don't know who you are right now: 
No, no 
The deed is done, but I still wan na know. Tell me now: 
 
I want to hear the truth. Don'T want no lies. 
I done told you ‘bout it a thousand times. 
Yeah. Tell me right now cause its on my mind: 
I'm confused when you put on that disguise 
You're that wonder: woman
 
