Word Flu Lyrics
by Viro the Virus.

Viro The Virus.
Yo! I've really been blazing it lately.
Got the people saying that he may be crazy ain't he?
And kind of shady, but if you wanna hear me baby.
Just pay me, it's all biscuits and gravy.
I have the crowd in an uproar.
Clamouring for me to put it down once more.
And I noticed, you already know it, so.
I ain't the one you got to front for.
They say the truth will set you free.
And if you wanna hear the truth in the booth they'll direct you to me.
And vouch is quite easy to see.
I got it all under control like the powers that be.
The big V and EYE go/direct he made the beat, piece by piece.
And I made the bomb, rhyme by rhyme.
Now let's get high, dime by dime and feel my vibe.

Up on it, up on up on it.
Damn it feels good to see people up on it, uh!
Up on it, up on up on it.
Damn it feels good to see people up on it, yeah!
Up on it, up on up on it.
Damn it feels good when the freaks jump on it, oh!
Up on it, up on up on it.
Damn it feels good to see people up on it, yo!

Viro The Virus.
Small timers get their deals called off.
I'm still riding 'till the wheels fall off.
Fresher than the other ones, never be another one.
I'm raw dawg, big puppy cuddly soft.
I'm a boss been just taking my cause.
I should turn and cough the way that they on my balls.
I tell 'em mix some ? for your broad.
She was here first, bought my first album and all.
Never took shortcuts cause I'm too tall.
Style more real than a new song by ?
You goofballs will lose the brawl.
I pull scams like pool sharks in poolhalls.

Scream at the sky and make a seagull free fall.
You're either in it or you're in the way.
But anyway it's MJ all day okay?

Viro The Virus.
And this the Word Flu.
So them rumors 'bout me being sick as a tumor you heard's true.
There ain't no medication, you don't know what you're facing.
I suggest you get a clue like Perry Mason.
For your face is facing the pavement and labour is a game paid a wage the ?

While these cream puffs bluff I'm steamrolling to the front and see they can't.
keep up.
I roll the dro that's in the jar then I puff.
Then I ? a flow and leave my foes out of luck.
They all get left in the dust.
Any matter at hand I get to the crux, they only on the cusp.
Some say my lyrics are trickingly crafty, delivered explicitly nasty.
Call it what you wanna call it.
But damn it feels good to see people up on it.

