Workin' Lyrics
by WordPlay T.JAY.


What you mean I ain't working.

Lord know I ain't perfect and I ain't even worth it.
But listen the interior is stronger than the surface.
I put on for my city but hate is steady lurking.
Uh, what you mean I ain't working.

Whatchu mean I ain't working, fuck you mean I ain't getting it.
Every track they send me must be paper cause I'm ripping it.
I pay no mind to these hatas that won't let us in.
They girl coming while she ride me like equestrian.
I keep grinding till the top where I can nestle in.
We gone make the money stretch and flip like its wrestling.
I stay hungry like my first rhyme, exciting like my first time.
Killing competition so y'all better get a hurse line.
Whoa, I'll let y'all catch ya breath.
While I roll up something sticky, with my list of regrets.
You got time to make amends if you had played us to tha left.
Cause we cleaning up the riches, we'll leave for you what is left.
Gotta plan fa the future we'll be killing em like a ruger.
Best believe that K&amp;K Ball, Lex Luthor.
If you flex I'll put you in a torture rack, Lex Luger.
Betta check my resume T.Jay whatcha say to em.

Kenyon the Dawn.

Everyday I put in overtime grind just to get the shine.
Eyes ain't ever Man Ti'd I can see the lies.
Life lived on the line like nigga that's the edge right there?
Hell,yeah we ‘finna get it this year.
My style different like 2 chainz kicking hot like Liu Kang.
Had so many dark nights you think they'd call Bruce Wayne.
Ain't never pitched the kane but I know a few that can.
Cause in the city where I'm from.
Turn the lights down soon as I came on, hit a flame on like Johnny Storm.

Sound the alarm ‘finna bulldoze niggas.
Bury every body in the Arkansas river.
Bound to deliver like Domino's nigga.
Get ya, split ya body part.
Young nigga got heart right?
No big baseballs like Cartwright.
Work, Work, Work,Work, Work, that's all a nigga know.
Sale out every show to get the doe, that's how it's supposed to go.
Yeah like a bopper bobbing low, oh I'm about to blow.
Just thought I'd let you niggas know!

Aiight, I cast my sins in the lake of fire.
I let go of kissing ass just to take me higher.
Because snakes will tell the truth when they're on the wire.
Get from underneath my brand and let your ass expire.
Hard work, it don't come easy neither does the fame.
I done read the books, I got the looks, I don't complain.
If you take this here for granted I can take your paddle.
I'm a take the game back I'm in B.C. like Maddow.
I don't care ain't no battle, make this here official.
Like a missile I'm a blow up despite your issues.
Got no time to diss you, while I'm on my ginsu.
You thought my girl was thick? Walk up through my mental.
I'm just burning through these pencils since like 99.
2004 I hit the door an elevated grind.
Fuck your college, fuck your job cause I know my purpose.
What you mean I ain't working?

