Worldwide Lyrics
by X-Raided  (a.k.a. Nefarious).


This is for the ghettos gangs, killas, pimps, playas and thugs 
This for the bitches, in the ghettos that you never heard of 
To them bitches and them hoes that be strugglin'. 
In the streets tryin' to keep the cash comin' in 
I know it's hard cuz. Don'T nobody feel love 
They turn they back while you down 
Don't, nobody come around 
Stay real Cuz, only the strong survive, 
Fuck Jesse but nigga, but keep hope alive. 
Cess weed provides relief, 
And, the thrill of victory and the agony of defeat. 
The police wan na see a nigga dead or in the pen 
Abusin' your rights can't win for losin' 
But. Then again I might take flight, I'm facin' life anyway. 
Stripes got me thinkin', I might die any day. 
My back is against the wall, but I ain't trapped. 
It'S a trap and if they ride I'ma kill'em all 
Small-town in the West, don't underestimate 
Cuz we ride with the best and we pre-meditate 
Full of hate and known to hold a grudge 
But. I be like Don Corleone fuck, the jury and the judge. 
 
It ain't, where you from it's, how you ride: 
Killas, come from everywhere: thuggin' Worldwide 
Niggas gangbang from California to Alaska 
Slang'cane from Maine back down to Nebraska 
Every single city got a killa in the town. 
Every neighborhood got a nigga that put it down 
It ain't, where you from it's, how you ride 
In every area code, it's hardcore Worldwide, 
, 
Playin' war games we off and discounted 
L.A. against the bay in the Sacramento valley. 
Ain'T, no respect niggas is blind. 
You. Do yours I do mine, but that don't be workin' half the time. 
But recognize you ain't. The only killa in the World 
We come in all shapes and sizes, full of surprises, 
From, jheri, curls to perms. You never know 
We got disguises, but when it's time to ride nigga you better know. 
Every hood got a square nigga 
But. If you rub him the wrong way, he might loc up and scare niggas 
So watch what you say and who you say it to 
Cuz. He might retaliate in a day or two 
When. He told you he would shoot family. You thought he was a coward 
Talkin', like Gomer Pyle in a high tower 
You found out the hard way you was dead wrong. 
But it ain't, no second chances. You dead and gone 
Cuz. It ain't where you from it's, how you ride 
In every area code, it's hardcore Worldwide, 
 
I had a close encounter. 
With some Cali bounty hunters 
On the block niggas with mad bodies on the under 
Check, my cypher six-shells gats. You can't decipher 
Niggas, keep it hyper in the clique. I keep it proper 
Watchin' who you talkin' to watchin', who you hangin' with 
Watchin', where you walkin' through watchin', who you bangin' with 
It's one more that goes down 
It's Worldwide. That throws down like countdowns on sundowns 
Killin' niggas, all around 
A showdown that melts down your town. 
Niggas pay for the Hellbound 
'Nifah got you spellbound, 
X, with the shut down 
Hope. Your crew is ready for this Black Market, throw down 
The Worldwide sound 
Cuz. This is for the gangs, pimps, playas and the thugs 
For the bitches in the ghetto you ain't never heard of 
To them bitches and them hoes that be strugglin', 
And the streets tryin' to keep the cash comin' in
 
