You
by Ruff Ryders.


You me and she 
What we gon na - do 
Baby baby 
 
I. Did it to myself couldn't help the way I felt about him 
Sick when he wasn't there, like, I never delt without him 
Played the fool by choice. All I had was this man 
Letem. Have the best of both worlds cause? It was his clan 
All. The things I wanted to hear he told me gently 
Whatever. It was wanted. Nuthin gave me plenty 
Told me that he split with this chick but couldn't shake her 
Cause. She had his kids, so he fed her with this paper 
First. It started off like that dough for closure, 
Started slackin off. In fact it wasn't over 
Now. My world is crumblin down, I'm fealin shake-e 
Used to be a superwoman. No bitch could replace me 
Wanted him to leave me alone, but I was caught up 
Thought I was strong broke down when braking up was brought up 
Tried to really ryde. With this dude, I thought I loved him 
And. Every time I asked what I should do. He said trust him 
 
You me and she 
What. We gon na do 
Baby baby, 
 
You me and she 
What we gon na do 
Baby baby 
 
To hate. I must be crazy: feeding, hI'm the bullshit, 
Attitudes and tryin to hold out that shit was useless. 
The more, I tried to back up the more he kept comin 
Lie after lie: shit lieing, wasn't nuthin 
Tear after tear come down. Tellin me to be cool 
All I need. Is you baby? Nobody could be you 
Believed him. He decieved me just to keep me 
Callin me from her spots sayin how he need me 
I had to step back. He got me stressed out 
This ain't. What I planned thought I had my life sketched out 
Huh. I guess not love me to hurt me 
Hurt me to make-up, then make-up to desert me, 
, 
Back and forth with the he said he said. Got me dizzy. 
If, I leave know the routine. He beg cause. He miss me 
Too late cause. You had me lost me: daddy, move on 
Boss-bitch, no more floss nigga, I'm gone 
Arguements for hours me and her comparing notes and 
After all the screamin stop we comparing quotes 
You got sloppy thoughts. You was that nigga. Let me catch you, 
Heart didn't hurt till I covered up your tattoo 
My statue on a pedestal, every breath too 
Never new, the worst till you felt what the best do. 
And, I'm that its over now hope. I stressed you 
But Niggas! Only do it when you lie when I let you..
 
