Young Nigga Lyrics
by Que.


Young rich nigga made a milli off swiping.
Seen it come and go like a motherfucking psychic.

Hundred band juug, young nigga had to snatch it.
Young rich nigga made a milli off of trapping.
Young nigga playing with Mariah like Nick Cannon.
All my goons young, I know I'm a money savage.

Young nigga, young nigga.
Young nigga, young nigga, young nigga.
Young nigga, I stay with the pistols.
I hang with drug dealers, gorillas and killers.

Young rich nigga made a milli off swiping.
Seen it come and go, like a motherfucking psychic.
Brand new chopper with the beam, no license.
Try to steal my cash that bitch gon bite like Mike Tyson.
Young nigga, young nigga, young nigga, young nigga, young nigga.
Young nigga, I stay with the pistols.
I hang with drug dealers, gorillas, pill flippers and killers.
I chill in the slum, concede with my plug.
I made a mil using my skillet.
Get lean by the tub, I'll show you some love.
You cop some and get a free pigeon.

I'm a drug dealer, got killas will kill ya.
They do what I say it's no issue.
Young nigga, my young niggas strapped with them pistols.
They hit ya, yo momma gone miss you.
Them bullets gone kiss you, my.
diamonds official.
Like a referee with a whistle.
Get 20K just for a picture.
You buy the drank, I buy the pitcher.
I see you pull up in that rental.
You stashing them bricks in the fender.
You got a trap house in the gate.
The security posted, it say do not enter.
Young nigga don't care 'bout your pistol.
Young niggas they don't care who with you.
I'm posted, ain't gotta do nothing.
My young niggas hungry, I send em to hit you.

Hanging with the drug dealers, nigga.
I am a real killer.
Bullets the same size as missiles.
Nigga you can come get your issue.
I know that you softer than tissue.
I know that my bullets gone hit you.
My niggas got arms, they trap in the slums.
Of Atlanta and Iraq and I know it's so dumb.
Hundred rounds, call it Drumma Boy.
Got a big ass tank, call it Tonka toy.
Nah you don't want no drama boy.
I'll eat a nigga ass like an Almond Joy.
My nigga, my nigga, my nigga.
My nigga, I don't want to hit you.
I call my goons, you clear the room.
My niggas come through and then let out a boom.

