Young Gohan  Headvoices Cut-Scene Lyrics
by Swych.


When I go on I rip 16's 
Young Gohan R-I-P, 16 
 
I turn the visor on my hat to the past, put my pants on one leg. At a time 
I even have to just like you 
Man. I even hit the drive-thru and buy 2 
McDoubles a small fry too 

learned 
Is. You could search the Earth but ain't. Nothing, truly perfect, 
Look at life through the eyes of Lesane Crooks, 
We all just writing different stories in the same book. 
Judge me, by the words, not how the page look 
It's a way of life, but how the grave look, 
Hard and cold life or death see the pain, mook 
It's a vicious circle. That'S word to Dane Cook 
So, explore my mind like Metroid Prime 
Or. Ocarina of Time and you'll find 
I'm only human 
 
, I ain't perfect 
I'm. Only human y'all .
 I ain't perfect 
Nah. I ain't perfect. Nobody walking this Earth's surface is 
But. I'M working pretty good with what I got 
Focusing on what I am instead of what I'm not 
And. Treating every moment like my last shot, 
 
I had a dream. Last night, blonde bombs and palm trees 
Hater blockers, a million dollars in arms reach, 
Woke up in a push-button Bugatti 
Next to Ariana Grande asking me pass her. The car keys 
I turn it on just to start the record I start to wreck it. 
It turns her on she cling on to my arm. Star Trek 
I'm a nerd, yes, and then I woke up 
And. I ain't blown up Laying down Broke What 
Where's the love of my life Where's, the money 
I hate that I ain't in love with my life. Ain'T gettin' younger bruh 
But. When I go on I rip 16's 
Young Gohan, R-I-P 16 
Young go hard, no matter the set-ting 
So young gon' shine, no matter the ligh-ting 
Some just hate me some just like me. 
But we got the same chance as getting struck by lightning 
I'm. Only human ya'll 
 
I'm here screaming at the top of my lungs 
Until. My hair stands up all golden and such 
And. It sucks 
Because the world, treats me the way that these girls treat me 
The. Weight of the world eats me away, but the world needs me 
Yeah. I said it. The world needs me: 
I stand, for'ery human being ever felt defeated, 
I stand for every human being. Ever fell, asleep. 
I stand for every dream, you've ever dreamed. I hope you see it. 
Realest song you'll ever quote: 
And the voices in my head go 
, 
HeadVoices, Cut-Scene, 
*laughs*, 
, ), 
, 
