Young Kobe Lyrics
by The Underachievers.


All my niggas 'bout they business.
Ronnie made off with the chicken.
Nigga stash it as I get it.
And I never dropped a rock.
I'm a phenom like Lebron.
I'm like Mussolini.
Genghis Khan.
A Leader of the town.

No hype beasts I'm.
Undefeated.
Flow so cold might be anaemic.
Rise like Phoenix.
Day n' night.
We blowing Keisha.
Know I need it.
What's ya fantasy I treat It.
Lick her down and from the feet up.
Got my crown for prize I beat up.
Gotham City I'm your leader.

Been a minute since I paid any y'all some attention.
I'm like Young Kobe with the bars, got the godly precision.
And I ain't worried bout no drama cause karma be with em.
Plus I'm lieutenant send an army and niggas gon'.

My niggas bang Glocks, don't make em bang cops.
My fuckin' city keep them thangs cocked, to make a lame drop.
You see who with me, nigga play watch, I bet your gang flop.
You niggas silly, bet your main ? she give me straight top when she be with me.

This nigga think he really got it double fix your block up.
I'm rollin' choppers out the sticky nigga know i stalk up.
I'm duckin' cops, I keep my opps, look for them black Impalas.
We live on top and got no worries like Hakuna Matata, who gon' stop us.

Know I got it open wallet.
Benji's pop out like I'm stylish.
With my goddess, like my weed they both exotic.
Both define us, catch the spirit Jay Electronic.
When the critics hear they bobbin'.
Perfect timing cause I came up from the bottom.
And had nada.
More dollars mean more problems.
Makes sense why you don't get bothered.
My riders don't get tired.
Run up on us get expired.
She want to meet the sire.
Meet the savior, pay the tithe.
Had the best night of her life.
She go home to you, she quiet.

Been a minute since I payed any y'all some attention.
I'm like Young Kobe with the bars, got the godly precision.
And I ain't worried bout no drama cause karma be with em.
Plus I'm lieutenant send an army and niggas gon'.

My niggas bang Glock's, don't make em bang cops.
My fuckin' city keep them thang's cocked, to make a lame drop.
You see who with me, nigga play watch, I bet your gang flop.
You niggas silly, bet your main ? she give me straight top when she be with me.

Smoking loud so ma be cautious.
Fronto make that bitch feel nauseous.
we toss it.
Back on the block in the morning.
Hate on the god ‘cause we soaring.
Views from the top don't get boring.
All my garments Saint Laurent.
All my knowledge is foreign.

I drop a deuce inside my drink rest in peace Speaker Knocerz.
When your bitch kick it with the kid she text she playin' soccer.
Nigga no limit to the shit, Master P, Silkk The Shocker.
Ain't really tryin' to get inside and let her suck me proper.
These niggas shootin' everywhere like that shit ain't no problem.
They put the guns inside the hood and wonder why we wildin.
They killin' niggas in the street, they tryin' to keep us silent.
You stir the people up enough they gon' resort to violence.
Old.

