Your Girl's Here Pt. II Lyrics
by World's Fair.

Cody B. Ware.
I'm Masahiro Chono mixed with Sonny Bono.
I'll take your bitch and make her Yoko Ono.
Rocking a Kimono, worshiping my photo.
Told me she been loving profit.
That gorgeous goddess, Gothic lips.
Black like a night on ? when the moon is tropic.
Told me she can't get a man, she love AT.
She love the pentagram, I said Yo baby, I don't give a damn.
Dreamer is my last name, Tommy is my first.
I rap, I make deals, I worship mother Earth.
I do not drive, but if I did my ride would be a hearse.

You would never find another like he living in ?
I rise, I never fail, they love, I did not ?
I kidnap the vision of ? Kennedy's tears.
I'm Shane with a gold chain, name that'll all change.
Who came with a name like mine? Changing the whole game.

Remy Banks &amp; Jeff Donna.
I'm riding.
I'm rolling.
That fire.
Is potent.
We pouring.
That hundred proof.
A hundred bitches.
A hundred shots come at you.
Doe, don't get too comfortable.
World's Fair, your girls here.
And she feeling wonderful.

I be late for my arrival, but on time for my departure.
Channeling a little Ari gold, Tony Stark &amp; Siddhartha.
On the mark like an archer, my sharpie a little sharper.
My denim is made of venom, this parka a little darker.
Carpe Diem, you seen 'em with whiskey by the barrel.
I am not your hero cause you're not in peril.
I'm bout to eat your food and make sure that its habanero.
You know the language, no comprede if its not dinero.
I'm tryna be the symbol, shorties fainting when I say hello.
Wearing purple, swing my staff, looking like I'm Donatello.
Bitch I think I'm Leonardo, bitch I think I'm Leonidas.
I be the brightest, eat you jive turkeys and catch the Itis.
Now I'm righteous with this Midas touch.
And the slightest of sacrifices, you don't like me much.
But see you soft dog, you soft core, get a soft drink as your beverage.
This is boss rad, make you fall back, what you call that, if not leverage?

I be the Jason Voorhees of the orgy, and it's Friday in her coochie.
I'm slashing and I'm splashing, leave my kids all on her gucci.
Came through with a bad bitch looking like Diena.
Cranberry colored shades and body shows like Selena.
Dressed like Danny Zuko, put it in her two holes.
Then shoot it in her third hole, bitch I'm Toni Kukoč.
This ain't for no acting niggas.
Might cut it down, get to packing, niggas.
Roll it up, get to strapping, niggas.
Might bust it up, get to clapping, niggas.
Pop, pop, pop, reload, nigga, pop, pop, pop.
Nigga get hot, get shot.
Fuck fear, fuck foes, fuck you nigga, fuck hoes.
I'm a little crazy, I'm a whole lot of gorgeous.
Brown skinned-ed like Dora, do a whole lot of exploring.
Catch me out in LA, wildin' out on Fairfax.
Catch me out in Trinidad, sippin on some ?
Mixed with Jack D or some Johnny Walker, Black.
Under black God, black Godzilla, matter fact, nigga.

