Your Life Lyrics
by 5th Ward Boyz.


Who in the fuck is bussin' caps up out them: bushes, 
Got, a nigga running and ducking thinking who the fuck could this be trying to
kill me 
Diving on the ground reaching for my hip, strap with a 45 Glock and a extra
clip 
The first bullet that they shot Should'Ve hit me 
But they fucked around and let that motherfucka miss me 
See. The first thang came to mind was to retaliate 
Started, bussin' caps up in them bushes, with out hesitatin' 
Then. I duck down the shots disease, but I was laying low 
After busting 9 shots. I still had 8 more 
Looking for my enemy. I dash to another spot 
Sitting up in a deep, sweat 
Thinking did I kill this motherfucker yet 
Cause? If I didn't, then it was still on 
Saying to me self. My hood's gon' be the next tombstone 
Fire. Three more shots. I heard him. I think i got him 
It's time for the Grim Reaper to come and snatch his body 
I creeped around the back way. He sittin' in a pool of blood 
Throwing up my set. He shouldn't fucked with this ghetto thug 
Flipped him on his back. I dropped my gat and started yelling 
Dashin through them. Muddy trails fool. I was belling 
When. I seen his face. Lord forbid, it had frighten me 
The nigga, that I shot up looked exactly like me. 
Paranoid and nervous, I woke up everybody's laughing 
Gasping for some air because I'm choking and embarrassed 
Syrup in my left hand swishas. I was dealing 
Come to find out that weed had a nigga, trippin' 
 
Your life is what you owe me. 
Cause, a bitch is what you show me: 
 
I can hear and feel the dirt falling on my casket, taking drastic measures 
Caught up in this madness. This gangsta shit 
Got a nigga stressing everyday 
High. Until I die 
Tripping off this motherfuckin' hell of fri 
I'm screamin. Nobody to hear me call 
Hell is right beneath my feet and I can see my downfall 
Imagine living your life on a chrome plated triple beam. 
The world is trying to kill you. Then I wishin' for some shattered dreams. 
Fuck, I'm in this game. My life, I'm ballin' and thuggin' till the end 
Motherfuck some friends cause I'm all about my ends: 
Everybody and their mama's out. To get me, I ain't trippin, though 
Down from the quick give caps to the player haters and stank hoes 
Jealous Yeah. I want to kill him and shoot him 
He's a bitch made nigga in my book, I'd like to executed him and kill him dead, 
I'm sick of running from the feds 
These player, hating, niggas and bitches going to feel that led 
When. I hit'em with that. First spread 
 
Picture me at my funeral. 
I can hear the Reverend preaching. May he rest in peace, 
Feeling, no, more pain, no more grief, 
See! I'M going to kill you first before you kill me. 
One of the rules in this game is don't turn your back on that enemy 
When I catch you slippin' in the in the middle of the night, get your gat and
get him ghost 
Got, that ass in focus finna cause another comatose, 
Coward ass, nigga feeling, like your Shit on swole 
I can fix it to where your whole body turns cold, 
Buster motherfucka better be acting like you know me 
So far, bitch is what you show me 
When I phone up run home and get your homies 
But see. I ain't scared of none nigga though 
Let my nuts swing low, 
Sweet cherry and I have to carry that 12 gauge 
Mosberg, spitting out them, bukshots 
Buck'em down them blood clots 
Fuckin around with E-Rocc 
Bitch made nigga better stay up out. My grill 
Cause, I'm built to kill 
Running with my steel 
Your life is what you owe me. 
 
