Z-Mutiny (dirty) Lyrics
by Z-Man.

Z-Man 
I, don't think so. Rellie 
Z-dazzle, goin' mutiny, 
Don't y'all get in his way. 
Whassup man 
He's lethal bustin through people 
Get the fuck up out of his way. 
 
Z-Man 
Give me that motherfuckin black n mild 
So. I can break it in half 
And shove. It up your ass 
With, a genuine draft 
And ride off on a giraffe 
Till. Its legs is broke 
Sit alongside of the bay and watch. Those legs float, 
Wit' a message in a bottle, but instead its a rap 
You, tryna battle. 
Receive this one and float me one back: 
You thinkin too slow. You got peanut butter for brains, 
My, brain, look like terrain, wit', airplane stains and it don't stop 
'til. My veins poesy strange 
I'm, always in your pockets. My name is spare change. 
No tattoos, my skin, is too pretty for that shit, 
My, permanent paint, job and california accent is catchy. 
The flow is like jumpin onboard 
There ain't enough o's in smooth to describe the art 
A frisco vet. Please don't give me an acapela 
I'll explode like a seagull that swallowed and alka-seltzer 
And touch anything beauty queen, I might behave. 
You can stick your newborn inside the microwave 
Cause, I'm afraid it might grow up to be the shit 
And right now. I'M satellite and I refuse to quit. 
 
Z-dazzle goin' mutiny, 
Don't y'all, get in his way. 
You know I'm sayin 
He's lethal bustin through people 
Get the fuck up out of his way: 
Whassup man, 
, 
Z-Man, 
Never, tuckin' chains, duckin', flames, 
Go ahead and bust. Your freestyle sucks, 
I ain't buyin', you lunch plus 
Me and the only project cats. You kick it with 
Yea. You are what you eat and you eatin chicken shit 
Call me the last letter full of anthrax, 
Relaxed on a bed of thumbtacks 
Here to catch these halos 
Fallin outa, heaven, I'm collectin by the box, though 
Cut the circle and then stretch'em, errrie, 
Sharpen up the edges And sell'em as horns, 
To anybody rappin. So the cycle goes on 
I'm in your project, pissin on your bellbottoms 
Helss got'em, 20 below in the chokehold 
\-. Don'T you tell on em memorize your freestyle trick? 
I need a new drug. To help me forget, you exist. 
You was crooked, as I and I'm fly, I might fall out the sky 
And so high full on heron. I might just die 
Keepin it natural pushin, sheep wine out the pisshole 
And. Never do a show wit'out a bottle of cisco 
Catch me. I'M mutiny, 
Lookin. Serious! Writing these lyrics 
About rappers and dead bodies, I'm holdin they spirits, 
Waitin on payment, 
, 
Z-Man 
Hangin. The wax relaxin is not on the agenda. 
You can tell what the eat jack its on the antenna, 
Not even trippin. You do a lot of squashin and squishin. 
The, ghost of every roach still haunts your kitchen. 
Ooh shit shoulda been on lyricist lounge 
But. No, you cats is stuck in the tree, afraid to get down wit' z, 
Scrapin' off your makeup. Bro 
You don't need caffine, I'm the wakeup show 
Without the sways and the techs I'm respected. On beats. 
I used to be stiff on a beat. Now I'm sick on a beat 
Recording at elon's call it the 12th planet, 
Moss laced the track and I'm z-dazzle god. Damnit 
 
