Zeitgeist Lyrics
by 3rdiiiUth.

They be like Jack, when you gon' make a fuckin party song?
Hold back black, get off my fuckin dick.
I'd rather spit facts on wax than spit some shit.
For you and your clique to start a moshpit.
I concen-trate on my bars, flaunt my camp.
No Auschwitz, wait, I flow cautious.
Walk pass these frauds before they fuckin wake.
I'll bench the weight of my state.
With one hand.
Recorded on garageband.
With a mic taped to a broken mic stand.
Know how it feels?
To have the skills without the funds, or the deal.
It's all fun 'til you graduate and await your fuckin meal.
If I'm working check to check.
Shit, I'll overdose on Percocets.
Appear in the dreams of my team.
To direct them to what is real.
Y'all niggas tryna rap is like a slap in my face.
I'll track your estate.
See, now it's really a rap, but in your place.
I guess y'all okay with being a mistake.
And I pray you get a mind of your own.
But instead you hate.
Okay...
And see, that's a fact if I ever knew one.
Got niggas hatin because when it came to tracks, we never do one.
I ain't worried about them other emcees.
If I can call you that, you falling flat.
It's back to making gogo for them teens.
I'm a Renegade.
Never been afraid to say what's on my mind.
I do it all the time with rhyme.
And when I'm getting paid.
All of my niggas getting paid.
And that's real rap...

When I'm getting paid.
All of my niggas getting paid.
Until them bullets sprayed.
Triggers squeezed from sinners who plead.
Them bill of rights in every fight.
Then have the nerve to extradite God's creation?
When you only the man by affiliation?
I'm tryna be the zeitgeist of the thousands.
Like Bison in herds.
Telling my writings on a mountain in urge.
Don't spit on a curve.
Any nigga with a mic can get heard.
That's not despite me.
Because he's lightskin with a bush don't mean he's like me.
Just cause a nigga got buzz.
Don't mean he's strife free.
Life's a b? Please, at least she enlightens me.
More than half the people on this earth ever could.
Understood microeconomics.
Documents the hood.
Modern enlightenment's you're on's an oxymoron.
Moron.
Better luck finding in dust some Boron.
In laymen's terms, I ain't concerned.
Learned my settlement.
So if all you know is trap, just stay in your element...

