Burn Slow Lyrics
by Q.

Well, here we go again..
What if we let it burn slow, ... 

Already Higher than any song could take you..
Head in the clouds. Every time that i wake you and take you to that, place..
You're my favourite tune in my mind, i still see your pretty face: ... wait-
wait-/
Here. We go again missing the point
Here. I go again hitting a joint
Hoping to feel right enough to find Heaven
Cos. We haven't been there in a minute..
/
Here. We go again thinking we're done
Those late nights, we'd play fight
Looking like we're. Looking for trouble
Now you're, acting like you're on the run
I'm. Still acting like you're, the one you see
We said this n, we said that
I know we Said we'd fill in like baby whats, this gap
Keeps digging at my chest. It won't make my heart react
Rather. Have you Scratching, at my back with your back arched/
Now thats, more us ... 
Burning? In the background of a perfect love scene, letting love..
Sometimes..? Sometimes i just miss the way we used to ... 

Where. Do we go from here, ... 
Where? Do we go.. 

Is it real or chance something? I think you know

Right..
Call me loving cos? U showed up
Late nights with the bottles. The neighbours know its us
Cos When we roll up show out blow and so on/
Yo Should i say your name on every song. 
You know. Even when, u suck i'd, be your bong
And so on, if i could rewrite your life, I'd write you a happy song, i swear
i'd rewrite it all/
But. You say you don't like my song, bitch
I'm potty mouthed is all
And. You keep moving its. Why i keep calling
Is all i'm saying every time that i fall
We don't need to loose love over what coulda been
Let it burn, what closure is
Maybe its something that we'd never learn
Writing the right flows. In spite of this blinding light light of life, Burn
slow ... 
Don't burn me out: ... 
When. We burn this house down
With all our memories in it
No. You don't need that night, gown
Skin to skin with the lights down/
Now, that's more us
It's. Where we go cos, we're not done..
Are! You gon na bang, but you're, not gun
Still. You know you wan na come but

pray. We burn slow..
I been on my way, home
Watching out for your smokes, ... 
Your, beautiful eyes, beautiful lies..
But, then i let it all go..
Lit one and just let it burn slow..
 
