Purple City Byrd Gang Lyrics
by Purple City.

Shiest Bub
Yo, it's Shiest, Bub yea. You know I'm a veteran
10th grade. I was a boss of these letterman

Feins knockin' at the door. Go ahead: nigga let'em in
Yea we poppin' Cop
4 ki's. When the cheddars in
Niggas I ain't worryin Send shots an they scurryin'
These actions. We Hurried'em bastards. We burried'em
In the belly, the beast: it's Shiest Bub. I bury'em

Thats us that Purple
City Byrd Gang

Thats us that Purple City Byrd Gang
Dipset that Purple City Byrd Gang
Hardbody That Purple City Byrd, Gang
Thats us that Purple City Byrd, Gang
Thats us that Purple City Byrd, Gang
Dipset that Purple City Byrd, Gang
Hardbody, That Purple City Byrd, Gang

Un-Kasa
Catch me Ot, maybach, wit'. A bitch
2 macks strapped to the lips Now rapidly spit
2 bad brazilian bitches wrappin', my spliffs
2 Byrds, strapped to they hip Purple seats, lavender, 6
Hundred' thou', just to wrap up the wrist
Nod. You head cash in your whip
Got, the crack stash
in, the van
Yo them macks. I got them stashed in the trench
Empty clips 2, when I'm havin a fit
2 guns. I ain't havin' that shit
Diplomat purple city, better honor, that shit
It's on my arm, wit' that shit
For your moms put a bomb in her whip
They, be wonderin' where the car and her went On some arsenal. Shit
Jim Jones is the capo of this
You up next, my nigga. Just let those cartridges - spit

Yea nigga, you know whats gon na happen
When I pull up and pull out. All your gon na hear is WORD TO THE 5

Jim Jones
You fuckers. Now knock it off the drama, then pop it off
I cop shotties, the noses I chop'em off
I'm hard body. Lord knows I got the four
The big body, you know the top come off
Now, be all eyes
We, be them guys
Hundred', g's on the ride Gun at me, when I drive
Gun on me when I ride
Cause' that envy jelly the street niggas get delt on the street
Shout out to melly And zeek
Just get ya' health and just creep
It ain't tellin' me peace, I'm bout to melt'em with heat
Thats for them ice cream, niggas
Pull up with the a-k, an lite them cream niggas
Yea its word to the byrd, its jones on a roll
It's, the crome to your soul, let'em blow There they go
Thats word to the Byrd thats to the Byrd, Gang
Its Purple City. In this bitch, you heard man

 {, *GUNS, CLAPPIN*, }, 
 
